A bit excellent. Cleanliness, location, equipment and beach. The restaurant
One of the reasons for the UAE&#39;s success is that every person in this country loves its soil. We love the Emirates. Flashes of thought. Advice for a country that aspires to the first ranks and a leader who accepts only the welfare of his people and provides every reason to live a decent life. Judgments, positions, and advice for everyone in us, not just a political book, as I thought. Worth reading many times
Purposeful..and powerful. It takes you from the hustle and bustle of the streets of Cairo to the tranquility of the mountains of Chechnya ... to get to know the reality of the striking wars against Muslims and a large part of the history of that region. Sacrifice .. manliness .. loyalty and many other values have proven themselves in this simple novel
He concluded ... In principle, whoever wanted me to dazzle the blue elephant was not better. Ahmed Murad passed the stage that the reader concludes the novel while he was open to the stage that the reader concludes the novel while he is respectful of the writer .. frightening workmanship .. regardless of mistakes that do not mention the dialogue .. Rather Ahmed Murad Safer lived a pill in the early twentieth century, a face that takes us to there ... a mixture of real human feelings to a strange degree ... a drama that I transmitted from a young writer to show my true industrial trust what will be written after that .. link between Egypt now and Egypt from a year will assure you that the dough of people is changing And like what I came back before, you will go through any crisis now .. Ahmed Murad .. A professional writer working in my conscience with everything I have to say Of meaning ..
Yasat Gloria is an integral part of Dubai. A full service psychologically comfortable hotel. There is no
The writer&#39;s style is very cool and very deep. I have read it several times since I was a primary school student
Exceptional. Quiet suite with pool. The absence of a good insulator between the normal rooms
The book is the autobiography of modernity in the Kingdom with the tongue of its most prominent contemporaries. It is also a social analysis of the conservative Saudi society’s thought and its acceptance of the new .. I enjoyed the story and liked food very much.
One of the most beautiful things I have read .. A novel that really deserves reading ..
Generally good .... Response is very good by reception staff and forbidden delivery. The lunch in the restaurant is normal and there are no dining options
I am soooooooooooooovous, its name is Adham Sabri. The number is very funny, funny and extremely funny
As usual, I am surprised. A precursor to his writing style .. the sequence of events, plot, plot, amalgamation of reality with history, imagination, character building, all without exception gave her the right without neglect ... I never regret postponing her reading until it is completed for its readers at once in knights and priests surrounded by mysteries and mystery, a sign A big question and you are reading it, many questions without answers .. I thought that I began to understand the story from Qutaz or that the threads of the plot began to communicate to clarify the picture until I reached the end of it to find that the lines multiplied and increased their complexity, which increases you excitement to read Qurain ... another thing, many of Lessons and wisdom are cultivated between the lines of the novel, making you think more about yourself, in the world Pain around you, in your thoughts and Aatqadatk, make you puzzled by the large number of questions that revolve in your mind ..
Space case book:. Particular insanity. An enlightening book more than a biography. The dose of madness in it cannot be absorbed once. I read his best book. The book is filled with the needs of giving up one who Omar thinks of himself. Enjoy me very, very much from the first page to the last page, I don&#39;t mind any boredom in any part of it, unlike other books so much that he avoids unnecessary stuffing. A book of reflection..to think ... of madness:. He who does not change me deeply does not baffle me sincerely
Exceptional. . Wi-Fi is not free
The book is from the first page of the teams of Maaya ..
This is what will happen with us
Exceptional. Coolness of place and distinguished services. The morning breakfast buffet needs more items
When we are happy, we think there is no end to our joy. And when we are sad, we think that our sadness does not end. And between a moment like this and a moment of mass. Let us be content. It is enough for us to be happy to dream. A few gloom is enough for us to live the reality. A journey of twenty years. A wonderful and successful start ... I read those letters with passion and insatiable. A book .. light, full of advice, hope and love. Makes your soul light from the weight of misery ... go on and wait for you more ... good luck
Amman . everything. There is no
I never hold the novel in its literary language. And not the coherence of the text because it is literary and linguistically. It had some lapses bothering me while reading. But it is the astrals of Abdullah Barghouti himself. That brilliant genius. That determination, stubbornness, and dream, yes, dream. His start with the resistance was a dream to punish the occupier. Just an idea, because God believed it, in which God would pass things to him in succession and facilitate his path .. His genius and his path should be studied. We did not need such a course to renew hope and promise with God .. I did not find it harsh in its rulings on clients, but it was the least they deserve .. As for the guilt of the occupation, God has not crippled us, and we have returned years back except for their likes. How I wish that a thunderbolt would shake them and wipe them off the face of the earth. To let people have a window from which to breathe the dream of freedom again. May God curse them. Oh God, help him and help him.
Recommend it to families. I thank all the staff for their generous chest and a permanent smile .. none
Excellent experience. Excellent location adjacent to the mall, excellent and new furniture, reasonable price. Small size of rooms in hotel apartments
... Mahmoud cried me with his sad, revolutionary, angry, angry, and freedom words .. He cried for facts that I condoned ... The diaries exhausted me ...
Wonderful I stayed for days in the beginning of November in room number in this wonderful hotel, accompanied by my children and my wife, and these days were the most beautiful days I spent on my first visit to Australia. I thank the managers for their generosity and simplicity. The visit can be repeated next year.
The only novel that I dared to read twice and was not bored is much more than amazing
It means the utmost sincerity with oneself in writing ... We said Professor Dr. Jalal Amin, Cairo, which we did not contemplate, as if you hit a flashback in the hearts of your grandfather, your grandmother, and people who did not squeeze them before that. ..... I learned a lot of needs, and Dr. Jalal Amin proved .. .. he is true to the longest extent even with himself
Very cool . Overall great. nothing
I did not feel it was an autobiography as much as it is a defense of his poetic transmission the first thing that started, and after the June setback maybe Nizar just wanted to know these things about him I don&#39;t know Visar is not just a poet who revolutionized the twentieth century and went more than a poet who is a beautiful and noble person.
Wonderful. I liked the rooms as well as the beach.
Eastern Saudi Arabia Qatif. I liked the privileged location, the quietness, and the availability of all services, to the world of FireWater World ....... really deserves to repeat the experience. I did not like the entry of the cleaners, without being in the room, and the price differs from the reservation through the reservation of alcohol and the presence of alcohol without asking for it.
How to write this is amazing, it impressed me hard, and the end of the story is closed, but it remains very rigid. If it was not really the end, it would have been perfect: I see you, Doctor.
Raaaaaaaaaaaa. Everything. nothing
Excellent. The employee Firas at the reception deserves all appreciation. Recommend the Saudis
A wonderful and realistic novel, we live its moments and details every day. Sometimes we feel that the writer has targeted us by describing the similar daily lifestyle ... in addition to the splendor of the revolution over the clergy in the novel.
A more than wonderful novel embracing religion with all forms of life in the language of love. It could be closer to life in the utopia than I did not see it like that. The fact is that someone changes his religion because he is convinced that the truth is not with him explicitly. Although the truth is clear to all, but stubbornness is a characteristic of life today, I heard. For a few, our Lord guided him to Islam in Egypt. In other countries, the issue can be differentiated and will depend on conviction, comparison of religions and rulings of reason. Or it is possible, because we ourselves here are Muslims by name, only someone in us trying to guide someone to the gift. We have a shortage of every need, even in the manner of dialogue to another. I was talking about the characters in the novel, who have a personal personality, Rima and Ahmed Wendy. Each character has a different effect than what you can say that there is a better personality in him. The likes of them remain alike and can be more than a need that distinguished the novel from others in my view that it came in. Romantic frame, like all of us, we dream of a chaste love filled with shyness and modesty childish love
very good. I liked the restaurant peace and cleanliness and cooking, but I hope that it is not limited to the open buffet, but we want him to deliver the best rooms. The hospitality restaurant was not of a high standard of hygiene and cooking
She touched me .. and she really hurt me:
Excellent . I liked everything.
Myths made America. : //. . //.
Exceptional. . The presence of Argilah in an open place, so why not cover the place for the comfort of visitors
Excellent. A family hotel in the full sense of the word ,, thank the people in charge of this hotel ,,,
. everything. Location
They are two words, Hassan the soldier. I used to read why half of the dead impressed me. As for the novel, this is a first time I read a narration of horror, so a question is horror novels. You keep the horrific scenes so this is long and your feeling is that you are the object of the story nor is it the good soldier who is good in horror novels ?? ::
This book is very beautiful. Contains realistic stories .. about love failed after marriage. The truth is that every person remains eager to reach something. As soon as he reached it, he got bored. So a bad choice. ..And maybe being drawn and looking
Each language has its own dictionary and terminology, and every concept has a language, a language that communicates an oral, audio-visual, or ethereal book, and when we relax our hearts a little we realize that the language is broader than drawn letters, so love is a language, and the lovers have their own language, nature has a language and stones when water comes out as a language, spirituality is a language, and spirituality Osho language ..
One of the best hotels I have visited. Location service. Tightening the dates of entry and exit
The book is very sweet, for a moment, because the author is not Palestinian, but it is bleak to tell real stories that took place in Palestine and in Lebanon.
A great place to stay. The place is great, and a free upgrade was made to a suite because the room was not available, special cleanliness, a beautiful place, great parking service, in addition to room services, and a quiet, elegant place in every sense of the word. There is a clear delay in reception for check-in and check-out procedures
A wonderful novel .. amazing .. its splendor lies in its realism ... the author himself did not take the trouble to dive into the imagination to invent events that evoke the reader .. it is the most obvious reality in reality, but in a distinctive style and with complete impartiality .. it is a real human pain and not a fabricated pains to satisfy the taste The reader ... events that are almost more imaginative than reality ... I do not forget the story of the killing of the brigadier general and the conspirator under torture ... nor the story of the old man with his three children ... You will not be able to hold your tears from the rains while you are reading all this violence and all this brutality. The story revolves around a Christian who was imprisoned for the Muslim Brotherhood because of a record error that cost him twelve years before the error was discovered and tried for his other terrible crime, which was a joke that came out of his mouth as a joke in France that cost him to pay his spring his price for it ... his presence As a Christian, or rather an atheist, any infidel, as he is accused by the prisoners, made him an outcast and besieged on all sides ... the cruelty of the prison and the cruelty of the prisoners who were all Muslims made him live in a prison inside his prison. I liked that he spoke with complete impartiality .. The accusation of him did not lead him to disbelief to distort their behavior, but on the contrary, he praised their heroism .. their faith and their sacrifices ... the first thing that shock you and annoy you in the novel is the bad words used and the bad behavior that he did not condone to mention .. but I didn&#39;t know whether she was credited with giving the novel its realism, or was it necessary to encode some words and some situations? ... But I did not know, what happened to Susan?
Exceptional. Everything is beautiful, God willing. There is no
I will only say peace in perfume and basil. I wrote words that were implanted in the hearts of man. You are innocent of what they disbelieved in one day and what they threw from you. I found, and what you can give is nothing but love, we inhale the perfume of ginans
Walid&#39;s character was a perfect cutie-haired. Raghad&#39;s personality remained childish despite her old age
In principle, the novel is more than wonderful, and people say that there is no goal, I am completely uncomfortable, the aim of which in my opinion is to educate people about autism and ignorance of the disease, so let people think that the child is touched or needed and do not do the child with good treatment, ..... Of course, regardless of some faults. In the story, because there is never a full story, but a very interesting year ... and I liked it. The. ... in the other end of the year. ... but there was not enough justification that he killed Christine, otherwise he would have killed his brother for as long as he did not want. It is in the way they like .... and it is not easy that he kills the leader of the gang with such ease with ease ... her place of work does not mean. But this story changed only a masterpiece ... but Brdo did not understand the end..to him killed his son?
A novel wrapped in mystery from the beginning. Kind of fascinating, science fiction, maybe you don&#39;t like those who like abstract facts. The only problem is that there are too many mistakes, specifically spelling and typographical, which gives the impression that they did not review with regret.
Much less than expected. The luxury of the hotel from the outside and the lobby, the location is very excellent and the staff flexible. The furniture is very old and there are not enough parking spaces. I had to stop in the lane behind the hotel. The internet is all separated, and it requires you to register a new one.
A wonderful book, a wonderful personality in the full sense of the word. He managed to achieve many accomplishments in a short time. I had the pleasure of reading the book
Wonderful. The crew treated ... the traffic jam to get to the hotel. I didn&#39;t see the hotel board as it was small and just above the entrance.
Excellent . Everything is excellent in the hotel the reception staff are great and the hotel is great and clean. nothing
Wonderful ... but I read it in the events of the country now it is heartbreaking
Heartache
I do not know how many times I have read it before, nor how often will I return to read it. What is important is that he is always like me and many of my generation, the spokesperson for freedom and dignity, and the tongue of the revolting and steadfast. The poet dies from you, poet, and hope remains from you, Donkul, we eat it for each other, some row, a stone cake that we smash over the heads of the tyrants.
Excellence in performance, service and location. Very cool hotel and great staff. thank you.
From abyss. Everything in the hotel is amazing, the hotel income is very windy enough for the wind, the elegance shown by road.
Excellent. The receptionist, Mr. Mahmoud, is a very cool person.
Exceptional. A very good hotel.
Izz al-Din Shukri is a sharp minded person. Speaking deeply, clearly and sharply. Every individual in the novel is formulated from his deepest angles. Recast the character from the inside out. At first I started categorizing good and bad people ... then I discovered that there was no good or bad. For all his ideas, justifications and meanings. For every angle that others do not see. And each balcony does not pass one to greet.
good. Comforts. Slow internet, we need time to reach the outer campus
A sweet novel, Owe, you lived in a strange situation, I felt that I was with the heroes of every story, living with them, a sense of their own, my lips, Odami ,, in stories that I sensed, I like it, you were talking about me about my feelings about the circumstances I experienced in my fear ,,, seriously I enjoyed:
Comfort, calm, location. Everything. nothing
Good value, convenient location, and helpful staff. Stayed in Havana for four nights with family. The location is excellent, secure streets and shops are available, and elegant ATMs and restaurants are within easy walking distance. Quiet and cheaper than downtown Cairo. The rooms are clean, although simple, but they are equipped with everything basic bathroom attached to the room, TV, and free service. It is strange to feel that iftar spoons are scarce, but it will save you if you requested it. She organizes several tours to be taken by a good guide and driver, and she, although it is more expensive than taking it on her own, deserves that extra for your comfort and protecting you from frauds that cannot be saved in Egypt. Highly recommended.
Very cool. Excellent hotel. Overlooking the sea and rest to relax
Tunisia is a good hotel, and its location is excellent. It received good treatment, worthy of five stars ... However, it is near a adjacent building, so you cannot enjoy the external view from your room.
very good . Yeah. Kitchen appliances does not exist
Wonderful. Great reception, services and Wi-Fi. nothing
Exceptional. Control of TV, air conditioning and lighting is very advanced and very comfortable..Using an iPad control..free free movie watching service..a beautiful view of the Dubai Mall..Excellent tea and coffee service..the style of furniture and decoration is old..and the lighting is not beautiful .. Breakfast was not included in the stay despite the high price of the stay.
Close location suitable for individuals and families. Almost everything. The bathrooms are inappropriately small
Excellent location. The location is excellent and at an acceptable price.
On a page, Kotzi takes us to read the past, the present, and the future. Here we read the tools used by any repressive regime to ensure its survival. Fear of nothing is exaggerating in making enemies and delusions in which the brains of entire peoples are washed and scenarios that are not related to reality / reasoning but they are very successful strategies in excluding any opposing opinion. Or he refuses this system, thus ensuring its continuity for a longer period ... Who are the barbarians? What is the empire that embraced work events? What time is he talking? Is the place in which the events of the novel occurred real or a figment of imagination? What is the regime like? The nature of the relationship between him and the ruled? All are questions without answers, or rather, bear different answers from the reader, the reader who read it yesterday, and the reader who reads it today and the reader who will read it tomorrow, all of them will feel that the novel works for its time and works to bring it down to its reality because it is, in short, a narration that tells the human tyranny and its tyranny and all its badness that it commits against the people His gender is a human being .. A question suddenly hit me after its completion .. Is there actual terrorism as we have seen and heard from years or is it a policy like the policy of the unknown empire here used to plunder good things and disregard the internal problems and excuse an external enemy that may not exist in the first place? The novel will make you question the answer a lot. Like a man who lost his way long ago, but he insists on going a long way that may not lead anywhere. A painful narration as frightening as it may be unpleasant or entertaining, but it certainly reveals to you the ugly face of civilization, a novel that certainly deserves the time of its reader.
A good novel, but with a useless filler, that could have been written in a more interesting and imaginative style
The truth of prayer and the depth of trust, as we had never felt before, is a beautiful spiritual book from a writer who understood the meaning of man managing the Qur’an into a way of life. Certainly one reading is not sufficient;
My experience is successful with dr Sharif Arafa since his book Why are those around you so stupid? The titles have some secret to success, and because it tends towards a creative approach to exposure to the concepts of self-development, these same concepts, time management, achievement of goals, view of money, teamwork, glorification of the individual, these are common but dealt with here differently. He addresses the reader as if he is a friend of his, assisting in this smooth style, of the kind that compels one to continue reading, and to unite with the book. The same writer is also looking at us among the folds of the book, especially his experience on the American journey.
There is nothing more beautiful than this book
more than great . more than great. nothing
The last poem I wrote was about soldiers who were sent to the border. For non-military reasons .. If I had read it to them, what would have happened? Nothing, perhaps ... I will not die and will not be imprisoned. Only they will think that I have gone mad to criticize a ruler in his palace .. Finally I read a symbolic poem to them that everyone understood as he wanted .. I realized at the time that symbolism was treason because it is cowardice. I added my name to the list. The creators I despise. I had to leave before the symbol was revealed. . I reject the age equation. Another voice ... another refusal ... another death ... The list of martyrs increased as a martyr. I am watching this sound rejection death. . Why do they kill revolutionaries. Because when we learn to love you violently. And when we are hungry, we eat the leaders? It is strange for a person to quickly get used to the big numbers and forget. Every number is the end of life. . Our heroes do not reach prisons because they die in torture chambers. It became necessary to love death. You told me before we were separated today, all my friends became martyrs and prisoners. I committed suicide, the prisons rejected me, and whenever I had an appointment with death, I did not. Bring .. . We should solve the masses&#39; issues or not. that. We make it saturate, sheltering in a cap, dressing and dreaming. Only then can she. If you think about the big issues, I asked and I see them: Do they deserve someone to die for their judges? .
Four stars. Well I myself did not expect that .. After the first hundred pages of the novel I seriously thought about not completing it .. It was a hundred pages of pure gossip in which Claudio the protagonist recalls his childhood adventures in his neighborhood street football stadium .. Until now I could not determine what The motive that made me complete it ... but I thank God that I did ... in the second half of the book the novel really begins. Its beauty is in its simplicity, there is no philosophy, no knots, no solution. Only Claudio, his life, and his thoughts, then felt really like the anonymous reader said on the back cover of the book. As if the writer was not presenting Claudio&#39;s life, but part of my life, I am in a remote and different part of the world, completely different from the country I belong to. I found it very close to my soul so I just loved it.
Thank you very much for the good deal. Good reception, staff handling and hotel cleanliness. The price is preferred to include breakfast
Great hotel. Reception, honesty, cleanliness, location, staff differences are high. The small size of the breakfast venue awaits a soft table
Location and price is not the most amazing of such. LocationLocationLocation. The upper floors told me that it is for maintenance, of course, the speech is not correct, they close it on the non-seasonal days, and their nights in this are believed by the guests. This defect
Exceptional. All the hotel was in excellent and excellent. The prices of food and drinks are exaggerated
And he is uncle Naguib, in which he writes, “Review”, with an acquiescence? ::
I said two years in order to read this book, because I was thinking of it as only analytical articles, but frankly, I am wealthy, a respectable formulation worker, as if you were reading an ordinary novel, but all its events are true .. The beauty of this book remains that if you were to read it, you would say slander. Asphalt, but not to this degree .. If you read it in and you will say it, you are a man, a hundred, a hundred, a hundred, a divorce, and our masters are satisfied with you
Exceptional. The reception is excellent and brother Mustafa and brother Adel were very classy
I was hoping to see Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud live so far and hear his opinions on everything that happens these days. I really enjoyed the great equilibrium part and likened the Antichrist to material progress. Now I am ready to read a conversation with my atheist friend as he complements this great topic. Mostafa Mahmoud ..... you will always be my greatest teacher
The pig looks more freshness than the authentic mare, and you know that well ... but the pig is cuckold and jealous .. As for the mare, it is noble and original:
I will not quote any phrases because all that Ahlam has written so far can be a quote. I cannot search for a new novel that matches what wonderful dreams have written. Because I will not find words that could easily put me in such a fictional state of fascination with the events of the novel, I cannot wait for the words of dreams. Coming
It was also said about him deeply ache
A clean hotel in the city center. The three-star hotel. The cleanliness of the rooms, although not wide. The excellent service. One of the fastest hotels I visited in the check-in and check-out procedures. Ataturk Square, Ozone Pedestrian Street has many restaurants and shops.
I knew Ibrahim Issa a brave journalist from the days of the Mubarak regime and I think that I was then in the preparatory stage when I started following him and mention his famous case with the then president, which gave him the opportunity to devote himself to writing this wonderful and that was my first experience with Ibrahim Issa the novelist .. the story of Mawlana New in its topic, the cleric&#39;s personality was presented in a different way this time, because he is not a hard-liner superficial who adheres to the peeling, and is not the usual personality of a cleric who exploits his position and trades in debt and deceives around him and justifies everything he does by turning around and analyzing what is forbidden .. all this may respond On your mind perhaps with the moment you know the title and But the character of Mawlana here is different, as he is very agreed in religion, admitting his contradictions in life and not analyzing it for himself .. The personality of Mawlana who is with her clergymen is a cocktail of satellite elders. I tried a lot to identify the intended person with Mawlana, and I found the character is a number of those who have become in our reality. In the novel, a date for the last period of the Mubarak era, when Jesus narrated the events accurately, quoting from the bitter reality at that time, but he expressed it in a wonderful way that did not escape the element of repeated surprise in the events of the novel .. Ibrahim Issa is one of those who overwhelms their thought in their writings and sometimes you feel that Mawlana, Ibrahim Ibrahim, especially in Part A. Related to the thorny issues and other religious opinions that sparked controversy in that period .. Some words that were not subject to him and some of which came out were faulted for it and it was possible to express another more polite .. The end in itself is a surprise, but it came to destroy what paved The writer has for him over more than a page, during which he sought to convince us that that boy, the president&#39;s son, is rebellious about his reality, so he went to evangelize and many dialogues revolve that meaning, and then the end comes completely contrary to that .. As a whole wonderful novel worth reading and meditation .. Hajar Shaheen
Thanks, Atana. Nice, I would recommend a quiet location, the most beautiful being on the upper floors of the building.
Shamsoom speaks and says. . The hotel is far from the sanctuary from the sorties that you can look to walk and there is no golf car like the most distant hotels. I advise it to those who are old and have problems walking. The amusement has no special parking.
Very cool . I listened very beautifully. Wait when the cocktails
very good. Night design and location. No carpets on the floor
Fella Hajj. Location and staff. Carpet cleanliness
A beautiful and light book ... It is my second experience with Abdel Wahab Mutawa. Enjoyed it to the max
A terrifying thing that you are seeing your end. You live every day. She lives her pain. A terrifying thing is that you know your love and they will die. In moments when ignorance is useful. More knowledge ..... Do you know Mahmoud Al Samnoudi? Praise be to God that you do not know him.
One of the most beautiful novels I have read in my life, and I do not find a need for her level up to now
The events here are much more than the first part, and the style is also the sweetest violin.
More than Raaaaaaaaaaaaaa in terms of style and narration, and they are very good.
very good . Hotel location and services in general. The price of all hotels is generally very high
very good. . An employee at the restaurant did not bring me his name. He was very, very bad treatment.
Wonderful Wonderful Wonderful .. It is strange that a character like Abdullah Al-Barghouthi does not know her or her story. Indeed, it is necessary for everyone to know .. Through this biography, novel, or whatever his name is, the complete information will arrive smoothly and easily for everyone .. It is a book with a simple language and the information is flowing quickly .. In general it is a very interesting, useful and very important book To give enthusiasm and optimism to the next stage
Excellent location, beautiful rooms, hotel staff in general are friendly, varied food, and the services available are of an acceptable level of swimming pool, spa, and evening atmosphere very poetic and romantic, and what we forget is very distinctive room service, remarkable cooperation and prompt service. I advise every visitor staying in Kuwait
My impression about the hotel I had booked in the hotel from the date of September to September and before arrival I asked to provide a bidet in the bathroom and it was installed before I arrived, the type of room in the floor and I recommend it a beautiful area and everything is beautiful. The only thing I wish the hotel management to take care of is to provide at least free internet in the lobby if not in all rooms. Sometimes some people have to go to a Starbucks near the hotel to get online in exchange for a coffee request. If the hotel management provides free internet in the lobby, some will order coffee from the coffee in the lobby, and this has benefit for the hotel and for the guests. Also: On my last day at the hotel, and when I was arranging my things and preparing to leave, I took a look under the bed to make sure that there was nothing of my needs under it, so I was surprised that the place under the bed was never clean and I found pills of snuffy sexual tonic for the men working at the reception, excellent. I live in a location close to the metro, and this rested me a lot on my commute. I hope the hotel management will pay attention to the cleanliness of the bed. Thanks
Khaled asked her immediately. Why are you not associated with the ruling family all the time? . Aseel replied: The governor had already asked me to do so, but I refused ... Khaled was surprised:. You refused? . Aseel smiled, answered him: Yes .. I do not want to be captive to a specific place ... even if the ruler ... Khalid is still surprised:. Can you refuse a request from the governor? . Aseel: It is my right ... and I have some freedom that makes me control my will .. And I love starting ... I do not want anyone to restrict me ... Khaled&#39;s silence then he asked her a question that came to his mind:. Is the system of government here in Zikula royal? Aseel replied: No .. the ruler of Zikula remains in power for five years ... then another ruler comes, who is chosen by the Zikula people ... Khaled was surprised a lot:. Just five years? . Aseel: Yes ... Khalid: Is there a refurbishment? . Aseel: No .. every ruler has only five years .. that period is not enough .. I see that it is sufficient for every ruler here to come to someone else and complete the progression of Zikula and take advantage of the mistakes of his predecessor .. and for this Zikula advances from other countries .. Aren&#39;t you in your country? Khaled laughed, then rubbed his hair ... and silence, and tried to make up another topic of discussion ... then he refreshed himself:. I am now sure that Zikula has nothing to do with the Arab world except the Arabic language
Fun and wonderful
When someone asks me to be honest, the most beautiful, and the most authoritative book on autobiography fun, the answer will be without hesitation. A quiet mind to me Kay Jameson. ... Who among us can admit and qualify himself as having a mental illness ...? Of course not, because it is difficult, but there is no impossible, the doctor of psychology Kay, a doctor with the same disease that I read on it and specialized in his field, did it. An amazing biography, I think that her childhood is wonderful, interesting when you read a biography of a genius for me, and it was shocking that most of the geniuses who were talked to by Dr. Kay were suffering from bipolar affective disease ... We were also naive when we compared the normal depression that we feel, and emotional illness ,. I discovered that we are a people with depression syndrome. We, the Arab race, are afflicted with depression, schizophrenia, obsessive disease, etc. Inheritance from our ancestors, a community that does not recognize the disease, is afraid of something named you have mental illness ,,, Our psychiatric clinic is attached to the word Majnoon ... Mahboul..Darwish ... his social life has ended. The outcome of the topic .. I think that this book could be a reason to change my life .. It could be a reason for making a wonderful decision that did not occur to me on my mind ... When it comes to me, I will write a long review on this wonderful biography ...
A fun trip. Floor room. Breakfast is free, but hotel policy is to bring you to the rooms
good. . hotel entrance
Excellent . The comfort, handling and reception are very excellent service from all employees ..
Exceptional. Place, cleanliness and calmness. Suhoor meal is bad and inappropriate
As usual, it affects you d. Radwa Ashour was surprised when you read to her, I thought that it could ease my surprise as I read her first work, especially that it is of the type of short stories and very short stories, as her work was divided into two groups, the first is short stories, and the second is very short stories, surprised when you read For her how Radwa took care of the smallest details and carried many stories, here the writer&#39;s splendor and astonishment emerges as she writes, to leave the reader with ample explanations of what his imagination can bear.
Reception staff are poorly treated. I love the apartment space and the cleanliness. The crew’s mistreatment due to our arrival at a very hot time after one o&#39;clock in the morning and the reception’s insistence not to enter until after noon despite the presence of more than one apartment
Freedom problem. Freedom problem
Exceptional. Close services to the hotel, free parking and Wi-Fi, and proximity to Mall of the Emirates. Guest parking and check delay
The reception staff and the reception method are excellent. Calmness is his private entrance. there is nothing
Average . . The rooms are old and the air conditioning is poor
All parts of the human soul lie among the folds of this book .....
Wonderful book. It contains dozens of questions that we, as Muslims, must be able to answer. Questions that may not have come up to us, but they are extremely important. Islam was never a religion of fanaticism or militancy. This is confirmed by this wonderful book
A city similar to all Arab cities built by the two authors to drop their opinions about women, the city, the future, the future, writing, art, etc. If you want to spoil yourself reading this novel, here are some clips I like: s . There is no wisdom here, and sadness is nothing but cruelty that one imposes on himself, and he only reaps aerosols. . s . Alaa ... you must stop, to leave this woman, because your continuation means destroying everything ... and any harm if everything is destroyed? . s . Let them say ... What is the use of life if it does not contain speculations, if I do not melt on your chest, if I do not feel that the sea from under the house envies itself by hearing our voices from our small closed room .... s . Poor this long, wide sea ... all of its waters do not contain ten pimples in my blood ... and your blood. s . Pain is the most powerful engine in this life. It can destroy a person as much as he can save him. . s . I refused to repeat my father&#39;s experience. I refused to seek like a bull every day from morning until evening, to end on top of bank balances, announcing from above: I have nothing left of life I desire, or enjoy it. I will crave. I will enjoy. I will suffer. I will do everything. And I will write, everything. s . Why, why, do I always see words that make themselves mask, but rather masks? Why do I have to satisfy a dialogue that takes place between two persuasions, as if the pursuit of true openness is impossible, as if everything I write is part of a poorly composed, poorly directed, poorly communicated play? I began to feel later that words play this game with me not only in writing but also in conversations with people ... What is this horror? Am I a ghost among ghosts? s . If those things that passed on me and my past life appeared when writing with such difficulty, then how if I wanted to establish a world of illusion and imagination? How can I invent human beings and events, and give these people names and features, and make them speak, think and dream, and make events mean a position and provide an idea? s . This fate knits his small plot against you and you do not know. Fate was determined to do something necessary: to meet this girl, and she does not know the conspiracy, nor do I know .. p. The nature of the soul in Amuriyah. s . Ammouriya now resembles the village bride who wants to imitate the women of cities, and therefore she puts all powders on her face in large quantities .. She puts on her body a group of inconsistent colored rags, and then boasts by showing all this cacophony of things and colors .. I am certain that Munif wrote this chapter. . s . I began to know the meaning of a person&#39;s life: the meaning of Yahya and of dying, to know and not to know, to have a will, and not to be. . In change, and the relationship to the homeland. . s . Practical man. s . s . s . We, the swarmers, know how to burn. We keep going around the fire until we fall in it. . s . Serenity and marriage. s . This is what I read ..... s . There is a difference, a big difference between the novelist and the common man. The novelist is an artist, a dreamer, full of desires, who wants to destroy the world, and build a new world, a private world, which may not mean others. So I fear a lot of these artists, and I fear for them at the same time. . . They make many dreams until they live in them. And the world they are destroying, in order to build it again, resides in their dreams only. Even the smallest and least important things if they are a concrete list in front of them, do not know how to deal with them, how to behave about them. I say this in order to assure you of a basic fact: these artists, including those who write the novel, look, for example, at women, as if they came from another world that has nothing to do with reality. The woman in front of them to see her. They see something else, a spectrum that moves in a dream. I always imagine them either prey to disappointment, or prey to delusion and madness. Therefore, the novelist may write many things about love, but he does not know how to behave towards the woman he really loves, and who loves to love her. So how are the other basic matters in our life? How does he act in the face of oppression, oppression, cruelty and murder? . s . Do you want to live or act? . s / . When I first flopped, I said, the problem is simply infinitely summed up in a few words: Every man needs a woman. It does not matter if this woman is a wife or a mistress. Many prefer mistresses especially at a certain age. Many prefer to change their mistresses or to keep a number of them. At some point, and for reasons that vary with different people and with age, the issue begins with taking another form. The wife is then the house, the children are ... and finally the final nap. The cycle may be most of the time .. Women do not differ from men in need and the nature of satisfying this need, though they prefer, in most cases, to hunt a man early, because her fear of the future and aging constantly pushes her to be cautious, to prepare to make some concessions. As for love, it is an imaginary thing. It means the young, the dreamers, those who find nothing better to do in their long days .. p. The spirit of the beauty-loving artist inside me may be stronger than the spirit of rebelling against ugliness, and I may be, as I described Najwa, the artist: brilliant in seeing the dream but blind in seeing reality .. At a certain point in life, a person wants to destroy the world, wants not to be a stone over another, and also wants to rebuild this world according to his ideal image. But because the individual is weak, and does not know the patience and perseverance, it is soon to discover, day after day, the extent of his impotence, and this discovery leads to one of two results: either surrender or madness .. Most of the people surrender, and with the passage of days they are convinced that their surrender was the very wisdom, but remains nostalgic It kind of fills their chests, especially when they remember. And so they become wise in a sense, and they live and then go on ... As for the insane, they do not surrender and do not stop trying, and at that, something happens. I don&#39;t know exactly what this thing is, and I can&#39;t name it. But it is so powerful and influential that a great change must take place, and this change either affects the mad person himself or the world. If a person gets hit, he goes on the streets wandering as soon as he looks at everything with utter elevation and ridicule. But if the world is afflicted, then the world will shake and crack .. Then it collapses to be based on the ruins of another world ... a world where at least it is said that it satisfies many and solves the problems of many .. p. One day you will discover that the dangerous thoughts that a person must occupy himself are small, very small ideas. It is only these ideas that change a person’s destiny and life. We may agree now. Perhaps the rest of Mawwil are still in your head, and you may be careful to sing these mawawal one after another, but you will discover, as I have discovered, that the most important money that everyone should sing and not get tired of repeating, is the human being, the person in his simple daily life .. p. Life is life. Not whores or adulteress. We are delusional, we drop our thoughts and convictions upon them, and we give them the descriptions that please us. . s . One of Alaa Salloum&#39;s missions is to create anxiety, to sow doubt, to throw a stone in stagnant water, perhaps someone hears, perhaps someone answers. . Life is the mother of humans. . Life is whores and humans are cowards. . Cruelty, Chaos. . Eat shit. . . s . Do you know that the Arabs and Irish are the same, but are identical? Both peoples love freedom to the point of chaos, and both are plagued by the same ordeal the English. Your health Irene. s . Poor your nation, if you do not improve except such a chirping, and this braying .. Do you know? In all your paintings and statues that I saw this morning, I have never seen a single real person. I have never seen flesh and blood, multiplied by a hundred, a thousand, I have not seen laughter and tears. I have never seen a heart bleeding, or a heart that flies with joy in life. I saw nothing but hollow theatrical situations ... Either you laugh at your teachers, and that calamity, or your teachers laugh at you .... .... Who is this that deluded you that art is seeing a group of dolls, machines that move their limbs, and have no face or will? Where are your questions? Where do you torture the insides of your human being? Where are your dreams? Where are your ecstasy? Where is the blood crying in your arteries? Poor your nation, if you are unable to express this in your pictures and statues. Professor Alaa, come on, help me out of this swamp. . s . Does life turn into a once-in-one dueling duel with every violence permitted, even killing, or does it remain an intelligent struggle that, to a large extent, closely resembles a relay race? A question I asked myself, and I did not get an answer to it .. p. There are moments in life that etch themselves into memory forever. . s . Your problem is that you crave traditional championship and crave luxury as more than one person. . Puzzled me, Alaa. Ali&#39;s hallucinations and contradictions pour me on, then she says: Riyad is a contradictory, illogical character. Indeed, if you were satisfied with the lack of logic, I would have comforted me. Because what I see is that my distinction and this is your word is in my ability to act effectively in an atmosphere of no logic. In a world without logic, logical people fall down the road. They are all wonderful, smart, beautiful, perfect. But death, killing, exile or silence, you name it, realizes it before others. Those who are not recognized by logic, equation or mathematics remain. They stay alive, and their voices shine. It seems to me, at least occasionally, that you perceive that the world is governed by logic, equation and mathematical law. Isn&#39;t this the main dispute between you and me? s . The systems of government are almost replaced by a revolution or a coup d&#39;etat until it appears that the intellectual overnight has become void ... .... until the last hadith of the intellectual. s . The return will not be to that living heritage in its dynamic aspects, in its aspiring aspects to everything that comes in the dream of humanity, those aspects that are essentially from the thinking of future intellectuals ... The return will be to the static and occult aspects that are in the heritage, because the owners of the systems believe that the masses are still intellectually Their inertia, and they feed on these stagnant Salafi elements, which will not worry anyone, except for
I liked the novel, but I have two comments:. The style of the story is sensual, not literary enough, and there were mistakes, and I think that is due to the idea that Hassan Kamal is his career in the novels. The end is sweet, but I would have preferred if there had been an accident for the deceased, so he exceeded his delusion and discovered that he was happy and he confessed this to Mahmoud in the paper that was in the box
Beautiful hotel. The size of the room, having all the necessities for the kitchen and bathroom, the cleanliness, the treatment of the staff, excellent and the wonderful reception and room service, I advise it for families and young people. The site although it is considered close to the Jumeirah and Sheikh Zayed, but the difficulty in getting to the hotel should be indicative boards
The hotel is great, but the problem is the high cost of breakfast. The hotel is very clean. The bathroom has no spray and no privacy
For the first time I was reading the page and laughing loudly, I was loud, I was too laughter ... and the girls of my friends enter me telling me what to read Permissible words are permissible, because we, who see them, are permitted, although its meaning may be very ordinary. It means defect in our brain, we ... in our thinking, we
A simple book of great impact. Even though he was young, he told me about many of the meanings that I did not know, and perhaps I understood them wrongly ... If the word is revived, the heart will revive if we contemplate it and teach us what God wanted. We thank God the writer for the ticket and effort
Excellent. The place is beautiful and quiet. Low ceiling height, no adult pool
The narration is very light and simple, it can be completed in a very short time, but unfortunately it took me a long time due to circumstances and I was reading it in separate long periods ... The novel can be read without reading the first part of room number and that is because the events and a simple connection between them can be overlooked ... As for the style I see that it is very easy and light that can be read at any time, and it is better that it is between two complex books .. What caught my attention in the novel is that it is like notes and in almost every page it can be stopped, it is divided in this way and usually the novels are on long chapters, but these are different ... for depth. There are some points that I did not like, which made me confused And a star. Repeating the talk about a room number narration, I think that talking about it once or twice is sufficient for the readers ’opinion to write about it. I know why I did not like this, and even Yasser related to the stories, I think it is important. Repetition of the word of the latter, I discovered these words in the first narration, and I believed that they are repeated with great impediment to this, but anyone with a chance can repeat them. Some dialogues are necessary, in my view, that the writer’s focus is only on events, and adding some important dialogues is sufficient and may be interesting to the content of the novel more. An additional star for the language of ... The three friends of mys read the two accounts after I recounted to them in general the novel and discovered for the first time that they are cowards, they think it is very terrifying and especially room number for me I remember how I read it a long time ago but this story is very interesting and mysterious some The thing I say some things throughout my reading to her is certain that what happens to Yasser because of Satan is Maika .. They were very impressed by the novels and are still attached to his beloved and Maika and they always mention them because of the excessive integration ... I differ from most of the readers who wished the end would be happy my belief that some narrations should be Their end is painful, no matter what, and the novel will not make sense I will regret my reading of it, which causes some to think that I am nodging it. In my opinion, the choice of the end was strongly successful. Summit in magnificence when Yasser discovered the secret of the hairs that appear to him. In spite of all that, the novel is very, very, very beautiful, and I wish the writer success. And, God willing, I will read the rest of his publications soon ... I hope he accepts my opinion. Greetings to him, and thank you for this fun and up-to-date version. I recommend it
The fire of love or the fire of the Magi are both not gods, but it is the persistence in the next one that fire is what creates from it a god that will worship and change in the land and in those around you. The novel is subject to problems personally, which I see as subject to occurrence, starting from what the writer called sin of loving someone else’s command to not accepting what God has for you. You see what you will do, when I personally have time, I do not know, because speaking is one thing, and the arrested person is another thing completely. The novel deserves three stars and the fourth for its impact
A very wonderful book .. I laughed .. I was so upset that the book was concluded and I read more than once:
Great hotel. The hotel is very great in terms of location, cleanliness, hospitality, reception and services, and I thank them very frankly for the promotion that it gives me for the apartment. The only thing is delay in entering
One of the most beautiful words written by Nizar, and one of the most beautiful poems that I have ever read. . Say I love you so that you can be more and more toxic ... Without your love, I will not be beautiful .... I didn’t know ... when I removed you from the memory book ... that I crossed out half of my life ..
To complement the masterpieces of Jamal Badawi in looking at extracts from history ... to communicate an idea and plant a value ... the book provides a review of a number of cases of oppression and injustice ... and studying their conditions and what they have reached and assessing their experience
Among the novels that I used to think is a regular novel, but I came up with a novel that can handle very sweet and great needs
When I started reading this book, I was young and I did not understand most of its words, but now, after I have read it, I find it as a book that brings together sermons, lessons, wisdom and advice in the form of stories on the tongues of animals. Kalila and Dimna are the first two stories in the book, while the rest of the book includes many and varied stories. And what I liked most of the stories, the door of the hermit and the son of a wedding, the door of the tourist and jeweler, the door of the son of the king and his companions, the door of the king and the bird Fenzeh.
I love his style, he can draw the feeling of letters and words that touch hearts
Excellent service level. Reception. nothing
The writer Bilal Fadl is one of the writers who crosses the terribleness of paper, so I can imagine it in front of me, while throwing the article on my listeners with his initial stances after his mockery, which often makes you bemoan your condition without losing the joy of laughter .... The book is a testament to the stand, not the political movement in Egypt. Think of a writer always looking for the best. Always criticize those who are entitled to criticism without offense. He mocks those of them who mocked time by giving them those minds. Nevertheless, you are unable to write his writings under the item of satirist. As a reader, he was not following him passionately in Al-Masry Al-Youm newspaper and he was not a good follower of the events in that period. This writer gave a picture of me of what that period represented. It is strange that you will find in this book what explains those problems that met us in the reprisal period from the exploitation of religion and intellectual ignorance and ... and ... and
I deal with this coffee. It is one of the best session ever. It offers cold and hot drinks. Always ask for a meal or a crunchy coffee or a coffee land. The best one who works cold drinks is also distinguished.
Excellent hotel. Great hotel and excellent price. nothing. Slow pans are possible
For those looking for acceptable quality savings. It was a beautiful stay. These apartments were designed in a very ordinary way, and they are suitable for those who want to save. The apartment is suitable for sleeping and going out, not for sitting most of the day. The important point of the bed is somewhat rough.
I don&#39;t know what the conspiracy theory is?
A day for recreation. Wonderful place, excellent and luxurious hotel and hotel staff. Wonderful. They care for children and their comfort. Thanks.
I can&#39;t imagine that I could read it, and I couldn&#39;t describe you, and my heart ache ... What a great writing style. Fantasy has no limits and a terrible sadness. Really a remarkable innovation:
For lovers of tranquility and high-end places. The breakfast is very great, the staff is respectful and meets the request as soon as the time is fast. The room is more than wonderful in terms of size, cleanliness and quiet. The bed is wonderful, the room is clean and the pools are large and clean. I advise whoever is looking for a quiet visit to this hotel, I will repeat the visit. nothing
Excellent . everything. The reception staff do not speak Arabic
Seriously, a society ignorant of what a great writer, such as Alaa Al-Aswany, is described as anomalies. Hard novel, more than wonderful
One of the best I&#39;ve read. Where the writer monitors the Islamic situation he wants, which I have always hoped for. But he expressed it in a wonderful way from a dream of jihad, the demise of borders, the Islamic nation, the caliphate ... etc. It also monitors the situation of Islamists before and after the revolution and some of the actions that it considers a shift for the better and another that it considers a shift for the worse. And some other behavior that he suffices to monitor without commenting on it. I really enjoyed reading this book, God rewarded its author all the best
From a year ago about a year ago I did not read a book by Nabil Farouk, but the return with this book proves that I lost a lot of activity to the mind through the imagination of his wonderful books.
I read to Emporio Eko the novel &quot;The Name of the Rose&quot;, which I liked and surprised me, so very little that you find translated works that fascinate you. Through it, I liked the novelistic eco style, and here in his new novel, the Prague Cemetery also surprised me and shocked me with his amazing narrative style ... an exceptional novel with distinction in terms of its nature and essence, and its historical account of great events. It was encountered in Western Europe in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, especially in France and Italy. The manifestations of intrigue, conspiracies, fraud, misinformation, and forgery, and the role of Jews and Freemasons in these, prevailed. Events, and in particular what are called the Protocols of the Elders of Zion; and whether these protocols. Real or fake. According to what I read, when the Prague Cemetery novel appeared in a year, it caused widespread controversy among European and other fictional circles of why. It included a clear consecration and a conspicuous devotion to the hatred of the other, which is perpetuated by Simonini&#39;s hateful personality. Humans and their cultural varieties. This man hates Jews, Jesuits, priests, and clerics in general, and women abhor. The French, although he is one of them, and the Italians when they mock them, as well as Freemasons, and hates artists and scholars; hates Beethoven. Freud and others, until the picture looks bleak, but Simonini seemed to stick to what he had cut out when he said I want to. Know who I am. The novel, and through its first chapters, may seem easy, flexible and understandable, but this is not true as soon as it goes into more depth. Reading until you start facing some difficulty in trying to understand the events and their complexity, as well as difficulty in understanding the psychological analysis of the characters. However, I believe that the professional reader is able to deal with the style of the novel and the intertwining of its events, while the reader is an amateur. He would find himself fallen in his hand, distracted, and lost the pleasure of reading because he was unable to comprehend the fictional language woven with extreme accuracy. A novel worth reading and its translation is very good
I felt that he made suggestions for solutions to teenage problems, but indirectly, I mean, it is not just a comic book
good. Cleanliness, furniture and views of the tower are better than the sea. Reception is very bad. I mean the staff. This time I book and write special requests on the bokings and an approval message is sent by e-mail, but I am surprised at the hotel, it never provides what I need. Please look at that second. I broke my fast abroad and when I checked you, I spoke to the hotel manager about to check my reservation for a comprehensive breakfast. Here I asked for the amount to come around. He said, “I will compensate you for the next time, any times.
Exceptional. . Positions tired
A place to rest, especially if you have children and have transit. A place near the airport, cleanliness, transportation to and from the airport and treatment. Having a place to drink and sell liquor, and this is what makes you want to see the family like these things
Live as a picture. I read it during the exam period. Fortunately, the Internet was disconnected from our home. Really experimented with the meaning of moving away from the virtual world, living with yourself, understanding your real world more clearly. I noticed how the bonds of relationship in our family became stronger. I opened more spaces for dialogue and discussion, feeling the blessing of your day. In the evening, we sat together, a session that made us lose the pleasure of those devices ... The book is especially good because it is supported by studies and research, which increases its credibility. Many of the ideas he spoke about were agreed upon, and you should try to get away to notice the difference. Specifically, the subject of the comparison caught my attention, I suffer from it personally, as whenever I closed Facebook I felt a bit of despair that had crept into myself, after I drowned in the pages of others as I read about their accomplishments and works ... Notice how this feeling pushes you back. Sometimes it is better than the same person. But yourself can not be compared, very difficult. And other things I mentioned no doubt about its authenticity ... There are several points that I will make my opinion according to experience. Technology in all its fields is a double-edged sword, and you alone can choose which path you want. There are areas that benefit and stimulate others that affect negatively and badly. For example, for Facebook, its features are known as a must-have communication, friends share their lives reasonably, and entertainment. And it has the negatives as mentioned. But we can avoid its negative aspects, as this depends on the will of the person and his commitment to his time. For example, you may not follow the friends who post. Bad or frustrated absurdities or thoughts. Like those who share the most trivial details of their lives with people. I bought a new shirt. I went to the restaurant with my comrades and published the photos. My weight increased a lot. There is no need for you to share them in wasting their time. Keep them away from you as much as possible. The second step is to determine the specific number of hours you spend on it. And you enter in it to the targeted pages and cultural groups, after you put it in your favorites. If it is to be used, you are saving your time and running it for your benefit. Even friends, you can put on the list of those closest to them, who are like you intellectually, get a mutual benefit. For me: I learned a lot from him, if I took advantage of his features, I would find it like developing a literary taste when reading to a number of friends. And the good competition between you and them. That increases your enthusiasm and helps you master your work. And follow the latest news of the book, scientific research and development ... for the obsessive you have once you close it and distract you from the focus you desperately need for work and study. It is true but I go back to the same point, at your own will you can eliminate it. Try to ease daily posting and status updates and don&#39;t talk in groups with your friends so your mind stays connected to it. I think it was written for those who got addicted, the empty inner who spend the long hours flipping the same news. Perhaps someone who does not have access to other more useful internet sites. And less negative impact. I very much encourage her to promote and encourage her to read and search from her .... In the end, there is no harm in its use as long as it is balanced, between it and reality. Do not overuse any of them, and if your advantages overwhelm him with his negatives. And if you feel a disruption in your life or a loss of balance .. close it and gradually try to return to your reality and yourself. I liked it. My world is already smaller now, but it is more profound. Soon silence will become just a myth, the person turned his back to silence, day after day inventing machines and devices that increase noise and divert human attention from the essence of life, from reflection and from meditation. :
good . The location of the hotel, the design of the hotel, its freshness and comfort. Not processing honeymoon requests
Beautiful hotel and great location. Its price is attractive and its location is very special .. It is bad for the bad reception staff. Reception crew is only suitable for selling falafel
Ahlawy to the core, but I enjoyed the book until the last word:
good. . Difficulty getting a taxi
A hotel worth visiting, great hotel in the full sense of the word ,, very comfortable ,,, especially the reception and management staff were excellent reception ,, especially Professor Faisal ,,, the stay was very comfortable, the cleanliness of the rooms were excellent, the positions are shaded and the location is excellent away from the inconvenience
The beautiful thing here is the idea presented, it is distinctive and deserves the Oscars. This is my personal opinion, but I would like to mention that I have followed the film before reading the novel, which makes my evaluation a double evaluation that evaluates the novel and the dramatic work together. I very much enjoyed the events that specifically reflect the problems of the Arab world, and this is what made her unique and unforgettable
The book is very sweet, but sweet with pain, the belief that losing the one you love is very difficult
Distinctive hotel. I liked the location and cleanliness.
Wonderful. Parking service. The room&#39;s value is somewhat suitable. Everything I go to Dubai is going to rent in the Stars Hotel. Bed needs changing
Recreation and worship. The hotel is excellent, but I indicated to the reception that the room had some worms like mosquitoes, mosquitoes, and so on. This is strange. Lack of attention to worms from mosquitoes, gnats and others.
Excellent . Many things. nothing
Summer trip. Location and apartment are spacious and value. nothing
How do you write a review for the writer who knew you? How do you read the big world. The book is in it. The . Distinguished by Tata Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, who can say who wrote the book, even if there is no cover The book, its value, is not new, but it is not the same as what they know about Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq. Mix this Egyptian Western without feeling that the story is not going on here or strange about us. However, the book showed me that it was boring in many cases, and many parts could have been faded to speed up the ritem. But in the end the book is worth reading. Mahmoud died because he got too close to the truth, and he did not. He endured, was burned, and his wings melted. He fell from a throat to drown in a rebellious ocean ... like Icros
The deepest and funest parts of the series ... Manage the writer&#39;s meanings of bowing and prostration Sailing the reader far and in a manner that makes you wonder: How did I not pay attention to this? I do not often like to interpret interpretations of worship, not even verses of the Qur’an, but Al-Omari excelled in the simplicity and interconnectedness of the narration. Were it not for the writer’s concept of renaissance as a distant goal, we are just paved the way for generations to come to deserve the fifth, and perhaps the sixth, star ...
I don’t know what to say frankly… The novel is very sweet. The language is remarkably strong. I lived with every sentence and every word in the novel. I invented it. Can the defects that are in the first semesters, especially the chapter of her correctional entry, and after her leaving the medical school and occupying her in a center after that? I don’t know, frankly, this is the dialogue. I got it from the writer, as well as a promising age and a minimum period in prison and horrific lengthening, in which I described a little needs like this .. I thought in the first novel that Ziyad Hiraj is left and a love story is born without none of the Indian drama. I loved her details, and I loved the very relationship between Raouf and Reem, and the one between Reem and Waad, and the one between the beautiful couple. In the other, if only all the men were kind ... Thank you, Mona Salama, for the hours you lived with the novel Eshet every detail where ... I was guided by the novel star Ashan really Bs I told very Habaytha
Wow, polite. Everything is great, the location offers cinema and restaurants. Few taxis, and we waited half an hour for the taxi to leave
good. . Room phone not working. Checkout delay.
Good year. . Bathrooms do not have a water spray attached to the toilet for personal hygiene. The receptionists need courses in how to communicate effectively with the customer and they must be qualified as employees
good. Cleanliness, proximity to the sanctuary, staff attuned and well treated, room service well activated, breakfast buffet excellent.
I am at home. And walls. Without loved ones. prison
Thank you Chelsea for the hospitality. Thanks and appreciation to all the reception staff, especially Mr. Ahmed, for his wonderful attitude to my mother. thanks a lot.
One of the most amazing stories I read. I have not read Mansi Qandil before because I do not like novels that have historical or political love, but as soon as I heard in the name of this narration, I felt the curiosity of the romance that was inside me to read it .. But I did not expect the story to be this wonderful nor the story to be this fun nor narrative style With this smoothness ... a strange and simple story at the same time, convincingly follows events and the journey of searching for a person, the possibilities of being saved by finding his beloved by people they do not know, know or know each other. And get to know the characters through this interesting journey .. The story contains many interpretations and analogies to the political reality at its beginning, but in a clear and simple way to communicate the reality and suffering of a community of situations and the most important thing the reality of its psychological impact on people of all classes .. worth reading and I was encouraged to read to Mansi Qandil.
Excellent hotel and cheap price. I liked the site, the hotel licenses, the speed of receiving the room, the speed of the checkout process, the kindness and kindness of the staff, the cleanliness of the room, and I thank Mr. Ahmed Mohamed for his kindness in dealing. The car park was very tight
Excellent language and metaphors
A book deserves more than five stars in my opinion:
Beautiful options and treatment. Everything is great, and thanks to the brothers at the reception, especially Brother Muhannad. nothing
Nice . Close to the metro station. The room is beautiful and its furniture is unique, overlooking the Khalifa tower. I mentioned in the bookings a marriage talk and they gave me a cake, and the beds were beautifully arranged and roses .. the number of foreigners and the presence of wines. Slow internet
The style of the writer in the narration is beautiful and very interesting
My experience is special in Raffles Hotel The hotel is very nice, very clean and the service is elegant, but its price is overrated. The hotel is suitable for honeymoon travel and the first period of marriage, the service is beautiful and the staff are special and the food is ok, but the problem is the air-conditioner is cold and never turns off.
Oh God, this writer is a real wonderful brochure. I was very moved by the novel and imagined myself with them
Comfort . The screen of the staff and their unearthed interest in other hotels The bed was very comfortable, easier and quicker than you suspect it, and eating was a delicious experience. Towels are too small for kids towels hahahahaha
A useful book is very useful for me personally, especially the last part of it, the second half, when he started proposing several books to read as a start in various fields such as biography, history, and education ... I enjoyed very, very very much this book:
The book is why ... Dr. Mustafa&#39;s problems are not always clear and conclusive. ..But the problems are real, realistic, and clear that they are from a long time ago.
I will quote for you a passage from the conclusion ... In order to preserve the truth and set its limits, you must know this truth and know others with it ... You may say: What is the matter of this third party? . And why does ignorance scratch his perception of the abstract right? The answer is that the whole picture must have boundaries that end with it, and at the drawn end of these boundaries, different facts begin. Knowledge of something will not be distinguished unless you know the neighbors of it that are adjacent to it or suspected of it, and for this reason the ancients said: Against them things are distinguished. God bless you, Ghazali
An odd montrealistic novel written by the novelist Osama Allam, when I read it as a translated novel that takes place in Montreal, Canada, it tells the stories and dreams of immigrants in the city. Filled with mystery, imagination, magic, oddity, and unreasonable her heroes are absolutely unconventional ... it is the story of Francois Lecco&#39;s disappearance and his relationship with the three old Nina hilarious, Isabella, who puts the diaper, Chantal smells the pig. The novel is interesting and I hope to read a new novel by Mr. Osama Allam that deals with the problems of Arab immigrants with Arabic characters and names.
Abu Ahmed Eastern Saudi Arabia. Excellent, cleanliness is excellent, calm and luxurious, rated five stars, and the kids club is very excellent. The donuts are always crowded and waiting takes a long time after the location, services, and brother. Compulsory reimbursement is required.
Very good . Quiet buses are located along the site on a commercial street, all you want around you. The reception is busy around the clock, and the non-response is bad, bad, bad for expensive
A book taught. Wonderful in the full sense of the word, but you have to read it, and you have a paper and a pen.
Excellent hotel. Clean, comfortable, room services, free parking, free internet, very good price.
Because of the ruins of Umm Kulthum, I got excited. Read the book. The book is the definition of the reader Banaji and Zaza or Natasha. I was surprised by the information, which is that the forefront of the ruins was Yavududi, may God have mercy on fancy ... It was an edifice from the imagination of Fehoy. So I changed it with Umm Kulthum, to be Yafadi.
Reading this work is a necessity.
A tragic novel. I was very touched because I always feel mysterious about the stories of real drug addicts. An optional reason for the novel is that I wanted to understand the sequence of addict&#39;s life events and how it slipped down this path. The details of the novel may be boring for some, but for me it was very impressive
A wonderful story, I finished reading it in two days, and its savior is still right now. The writer created in it an affirmation and embodiment of events that make you inside and contemplate it, linking events, and acts of imagination to the point that it made you deduce some events such as that Adam was the one who lived in the apartment and issued voices to frighten people and made them not to live in the building, and that he knew what the place of the victim The second is through interrogating the previous victim through the use of chemicals ,, a description that did not happen accurately in the world of state security ,, But, on the other hand, it is a bloody narration, horror with all the meaning of the word, meaning that whoever reads it will have a hard heart. You deserve Ngoom. And waiting for his readers, Ibn Ishaq&#39;s manuscript
Beautiful and touching, I loved Stephen and I was very indignant at Majdoline, Eduard, so she only describes the word bastard
Our Sheikh at the Sheikh Al-Amoud School advised us to read this book. After I finished reading it, I bought a small copy of it that I carry in my bag to re-read it whenever I step into a science lesson or interested in reading a book. These few words had a great impact on myself, especially his saying in the first message:. Boy: From among the things that the Messenger of God, may God bless him and his nation, advised his nation that he said: One of the signs of God Almighty’s showing off from the servant is his work that does not concern him. He has the best of his evil, so let him prepare for the fire and in this advice enough for the scholars. And still hesitating in my ears from that time he said, quoting the imam al-Junaid, whom his student saw after his death, so when he asked him, what is the news, Abu al-Qasim? The phrases were destroyed, the signals were destroyed, and we only benefited from the pillars that we knelt at night. And what he told him when he said:. Make the spirit in the soul and defeat in the soul and death in the body because your grave status and the people of the graves look at you at every moment when you reach them .. Beware of you to reach them without increasing Whichever you are. And here he collects what was said about good manners in a sentence set out on the meaning with great eloquence and he says: And good manners for people is that you do not hold people to the goal of yourself, but rather carry yourself against their goal unless they violate the Sharia. Perhaps the greatest thing that I learned from the pearls of this book is that the knowledge that its owner does not work and that has an impact on his heart from his increased attachment to God and his fear of it is of no use to him and that knowledge that does not keep you from sin and does not bring you closer to obedience will not keep you from the fire. In conclusion, I end up holding the conclusion and quote the following saying:. Do your soul, for the head of this matter is giving the soul. Would you, O spirit, choose between the desecration of the earth and the pillars thereof, and purify heaven and sublimation towards it, and they are not equal as darkness and light are not equal, and the blind and the sight are not equal.
Good place, location, cleanliness and treated upscale staff. everything. nothing
This book represents me very creatively
Beautiful . Very beautiful, everything. Lack of variety in breakfast items, not the required level. Slow room service. I asked for water. I sat more than a quarter of an hour. Wait and call more than once.
I was always afraid of the novels of the awards and I was apprehensive of them ... but the longing for the dervish surprised me ... Hamour Ziadeh. We enjoyed interesting narration and multiple writing techniques ..
Excellent. The hotel is beautiful and tidy. Delayed arrival of a car when requested from the parking lots
Book for reads only on pauses. Each piece is excerptable. Words read in the heart, not in the eye. As he said, read with the eyes of your heart. You see the most beautiful things ..
A brief biography of the greatest character in history from the point of view of the writer. Delicious, but I was a buyer at a time with a pound, I don’t know why I bought it:
Excellent. Close to campus, comfort, great view, price, and room size. The reception staff is under the required quality, is not organized, and the cards have problems every room. Every hour, you need to reactivate. The lobby is small and there are not enough chairs to sit and wait.
Great hotel. The place in the mall and the cleanliness of the rooms. The absence of a door lock between rooms, preferably a door lock between rooms for privacy
The comfort of staying in B is a taste of Libyan hospitality at its best standards. Everything related to our visit has been taken care of, starting with the travel visa through connecting the airport to organizing trips to Sabrata and Lebda Al-Kubra. Never miss the slightest detail. Ali, the excellent manager of the facility and services, drew up our picnic maps on foot for the city of Tripoli. Nadia also sent us instructions for our travel and supervised the preparation of home-cooked food. Staying here was going to stay in a Libyan house as a guest, rather than stay at a hotel.
good . . There is only one bathroom in the apartment
The first book I read to Chomsky, and it is clear that it is not the last. And like all tyrants use the ideals to legitimize their rule ... the ruling class in America as well. The enemy of humanity is tyranny, even if its solution is democratic
And thank God it was an excellent stay and everything was comfortable, and God willing, we will have another visit. The room is suitable and the air conditioning is good and the bed is very comfortable. The buffet is not varied
good. Free access to the water park. The balcony of the room is very small and I can say that it is not a balcony but rather a large window and the furniture does not shed the hotel level. There is no bidet in the room’s bathroom. The water in the pool was not warm enough, especially with the cold weather in February. Some games in the water park were not free and their price
Interesting novel, classy feelings, harmonious selection of names, and interest in interesting details, which I had the pleasure of reading
good. The hotel is excellent and the location is excellent. Room service is slow
It was a wonderful wonderful novel. It details the details of what happened at that time, hopes and pains, dreams and delusions. And that there is no way to recover Khaldoun, the peacock feathers, the house, Haifa and everything except with weapons and a new war that is bigger and more severe than its predecessor.
Lea&#39;s first experience with Noor Abdul Majeed. It is real sad that I have been without it for a long time. I am famous, I have downloaded it for a year, and I read the first page that I felt bored and did not complete it. I repeated the attempt and this time I couldn&#39;t leave it out of my hand except after I finished it. . Starting from the wrapping: very good, simple style. Style: more than cool. Words: My Janoor family, with your words, similes and style, is more than wonderful. Your feeling is very deep for the first time in my life. I feel with every sense in the novel a terrible amount of tears, even though I am not a queen of drama, nor do I love stories of drama or depression. You are the queen of sense, Yanur. . Idea and Events: Very diverse. Do not expect as much as any event, from A to A, and there will always be a birth in my eyes that is open to me. I loved famous and felt with every sense of love and love. She broke with her when Raouf was imprisoned, she felt her suffering after imprisonment, and she felt guilty after her betrayal scene. A scene of famous betrayal, how can I tell me to feel a famous feeling, how can I feel that I am a traitor, how can I communicate this idea to this way? . My feeling is that people until I read the novel were not affected, her thinking did not change, and my sympathy with a famous Shahira remained part of me, she betrayed my wound, and her refraction broke. She does not know how people are able to control Shahira even after she feels humiliated and regretted. Who was you who is without sin Fleurgmeha stone. The star is incomplete because of the worse style, coming in the sense of all Meiji happy event and finally, we will rejoice the scene with a very bleak sentence in the sense of improvised, strong, such as to the worst of the question, why Yanoor Speni rejoice a little, do not have to shock us like this:. I hope that I am a traitor, with the same level, and less depressing, because I am already satiated and filled with tears
Calm and comfortable. The hotel is very quiet, corridors are scented and clean. The room is adequate and the size is excellent. The restaurant is good, varied and the facilities are excellent .. The positions were available due to the lack of crowding in the hotel but the crowding time I think it is not enough to enter it for anyone because it is misleading external parking and not in the cellar. The value of the reservation was deducted before the morning reservation time, with noon attendance, and hotels usually deduct the amount in the event of no-show or in the event that the reservation is not refundable and sometimes if the hotel is full and there is waiting but the hotel was almost empty and my appearance was at noon and the reservation was possible to amend and cancel.
very good. Location of the hotel system. No breakfast with the rooms
very good. . Wifi is very tired
Sweet stay. Room capacity. The female employee on reception is tight
A very good hotel, thanks to all the staff, the treatment was very excellent and the service also, the staff were friendly and the rooms are spacious and clean
He deserves more than two stars. Magnificence and excellent reception staff, very close to the Salahuddin station metro, more than wonderful cleanliness and excellent room service. The presence of discos
good. Excellent, breakfast is open buffet, cleanliness is excellent, comfortable and great view from the window near the campus. There is no
Deep and positive thought. You recognize the prayer as if you did not know about it before. A really valuable book
Agile and attractive style, it is a light book that is especially recommended for jurists
From his splendor, I consider this brief to be a preface to the book, and I have intended to refer to it. Excerpts from a short book by Al-Matnawi Jalaluddin Rumi. The Book of Al-Mathnawi, which is the origins of the religion in revealing the secrets of access and certainty, which is the greatest jurisprudence of God and God&#39;s greatest law, and God&#39;s most evident proof like his light as a lamp in it, a light that shines brighter than the lights, which is the paradise of the paradise with eyes and twigs. . I wanted a chest that was torn by separation, to send the explanation of the separation pain. . And this whining is fire, not air, and everyone who does not have this fire is to be wasted. . And everyone is adored and the lover is just a veil, and the adored is alive, and the adoration is to death. . How can I know what is in front of me and behind me if not the light of my beloved in front of me and behind me. . Yanoor Al-Haq, advocating embarrassment, you are the source of patience, the key to relief. . I hope that you will receive an answer for every question and every problem has a solution for you without saying or saying. . Do not cost me, for I am in art. . The light is the light of the eye itself, the light of the heart, because the lights of the eyes come from the lights of hearts. . Against the light, I knew the light. The antibody appears against it when it appears. . The enemy, and if he spoke to you in his friendly accent, consider it a trap and if he spoke to you about love. . And the color of the face is a rite of heart condition, so have mercy on me and instill my love in your heart. . If the believer is not looking at the light of God, then how did the unseen appear to the believer visually? . As long as I returned from the apparent jihad, I turned to the inner jihad. . He takes time to show credit, then takes to show justice. . For this reason, al-Haqq said about himself that he is listening, until you close your lips from an outrageous saying. . If you are with all people then you are. Without them all if you were without me. If you are without everyone, you are. With them all if you are with me. . And the lord of a world without a share of knowledge, because he is a keeper of science and not a lover of science. . He said spend, then earn first, because there is no expense without income preceded by it. . It is as if in order to make yourself commendable in the speech, you have made yourself carrion in front of dogs. . The impure book, full of balal, does not come to the right but rather to the north. So look at your book and you are still here, is it worthy of the North or a right-wing creator? . Hurry and haste from Satan&#39;s deception, patience and reckoning from the kindness of the Most Merciful. . Never look at any unbeliever with contempt, there is a hope that a Muslim will die. . In the heart of the lover, there is nothing but the adored, and there is no desertion or desertion between them. . Muhammad was the intercessor of all wounds, because his eyes were only unnecessary. On the night of the world, when the light is obscured, he was looking to the truth, hoping for it. And from the pain we explain, I found his eyes Kohl, and he saw what Gabriel could not bear to see. . And Thao, Lord, in his grave as if it is dirt, better than water is alive for its benefit and spread. His shadow has receded, his soil is shadowy, and hundreds of thousands of people are living under his shadow
One of the best hotels. Hotel and service. Breakfast is not expensive
Wonderful ... simple .. rich in ideas and principles. Oh God, make it in the balance of its good deeds and benefit us to read it
A very interesting book
An impact book in a terrible way, and it is not an impressive book that deserves more than five stars
good. The location is excellent for proximity to the sanctuary. Cleanliness
The price is very excellent. Excellent location close to the vital places.
Good stay. Close to Al Hamra and restaurants. Inside a neighborhood
A book is a simple research on the morals of the Bedouins and the urban and what remained of it and how it has changed over time. The research is very simple, and it can be read in less than an hour, and it seems to me that Dr. Ali Al-Wardi, if he prolonged the topic, would be very good at it.
A wonderful book, interesting, and inspiring from the first class .. A man with principles, a unique mindset, and a biography of struggle .. May God have mercy on him, a broad mercy, and his reward is the best reward
I was very interested in the name of the book and its distinctive cover. The idea was very beautiful. Its end was surprising
Excellent. I liked the reception, the breakfast service, the calmness, and the respect for the best possible treatment. I did not like the price better if it had come down
Best hotel. Excellent. nothing
Wonderful. Breakfast is excellent and varied bed. nothing
Ahmed Murad’s novel, the first novel of Nqrhleh, a bottle of the last novel. The effort made to work is an excellent narrative plot, a cultural product worthy of celebration and respect. A historical novel that details the events that happened in Egypt were going through difficult times, and the English occupation is also a real novel. Just text on ..
Tourism and entertainment. The location is excellent .. close to the JBR .. minutes to a minute&#39;s walk .. as well as the marina promenade the same distance .. the level of cleanliness .. the room service is very wonderful .. the room has been upgraded to a room with a view of the sea .. from a room with a view of the city .. The entertainment is very classy .. The room service is very special. The reception is Arab staff .. administration .. inconvenience .. the hotel is not suitable for conservative families we asked for an extra bed and a very large amount was taken
I loved it very much despite the bump in the middle of the road. I don’t know whether it was from the weight of fictional events or from my moody mood at the time .. And Suramago is definitely someone who writes to me.
A creamy book, which I read with all my senses in order not to misunderstand, added a lot to me.
Comfortable and great hotel for the family. Everything from cleanliness, reception, comfort, services, and lunch. nothing
Sharjah is my destination. A beautiful hotel that deserves to be re-inhabited. The positions are narrow ..
I can almost assure everyone who read this novel, I quote, Do you know what the homeland is, Safiya ... the homeland, doesn’t that all happen? . Returning to Haifa is the first thing I read of Kanfan Ghassani. After finishing it, I felt a lump in my throat, and I felt weak, with the disintegration of the Arabs, with the loss of the homeland. Palestine is not alone now, there are Syria, Iraq, Egypt and Yemen. The novel embodies the Palestinian cause with a painful humanitarian principle, and that man is ultimately an issue. The story takes place when the couple Saeed and Wasfeya decide to return to Haifa after they left her and Khaldoun Dhi inside. Five months during events. How did Haifa receive them after a year? Kanafani talks about his position after pronouncing his son&#39;s name after a long time. It may happen to a person to ignore his harassment, such as saying that and your family or that problem. And also about his painful feeling when seeing the same place in two epochs of time completely different. Like looking at things that haven&#39;t changed over time, like the smell of the city with its streets and houses with its wooden doors. As if nothing had happened to the world except the human being has changed .. Returning to Haifa is a short novel in length that is deep in meaning, and it must leave a lump in the throat .. It is no secret to us that the simple and influential Kanafani style occurred .. Challenging the list. An award-winning book
Yass Island . The location is great. nothing
A great novel. The kind of greatness that makes all the words that are said after them ridiculous and totally ridiculous.
good. The site had the cleanliness. They did not give me my passport, I forgot, and I forgot after the account, but they came to me with the passport of the Ghuwaifat, and this is something they thank me for. Are you late in the time of the exit?
good. The staff is great and close to all services. Their policy is to receive guests
This book shocked me somewhat ... I expected romance ... and it was. But it was a painful romance. This book made me shiver. And tears flirted my eyes. Great book .. but very sad and handle
Suite overlooking the Kaaba. Screen and cooperation of all employees without exception from security to reception staff, cleanliness, speed of response of workers to the service, room capacity, Gulf coffee provided daily .. nothing
Exceptional. Its location is very special, with excellent reception and attention.
This narration expresses the truth of the human being, naked and cowardly, even if he denies that by profanity or even high positions, that the most insignificant person is to deny his truth until he reaches peace and the super-rich, really that our land is a land of hypocrisy even if morals are settled in it For centuries, we will come again to kill, steal and smile at each other and say the opposite of what our hearts are filled with.
/. The cleanliness of the hotel and the morale of the hotel workers are sufficient in the reception. The smile is not separated by the workers who clean the rooms. Urgent, God willing, the shower is a bit short for the tall one.
Al-Hakim told the story of the first part of his life, without falsehood or reverence for people, until he disturbed his relatives. It is a respectful experience and a biography of the most beautiful biographies that I have read
great experience . Garden, marina and walkways. The service is not suitable for the place
Excellent, but do not have older people with you, far from the campus. Buses are limited around the clock. / He lived in Ramadan, and during the evening, some Egyptian communities slept in the morning .... / The size of the family is very small and thank you.
: .... ..... an Arab upheaval remained: the book is attractive in my opinion because it is a big story divided into attractive short chapters .... I loved the center of the country that I do not know anything about it and I felt that I see the characters moving in places I can see by just reading about them. .... The last part made me cry because I spotted it and reminded me of the difficult and beautiful days
Okay . Peace of mind. nothing
A book devoted to the hardness of his blood, such as honey, which is alach, which has blood in it. Farghaly, this is poverty, and the sweetest story is the first story, heyyyyyyehiyeh. We are so fond of this year, so I laughed at the good soldier.
For those who do not know his yoke. English literature, Arabic novel, Arabic language and Arabic flavor. An Egyptian and Palestinian novel with a Palestinian accent with a Palestinian flavor. Congratulate you dear Wonderful, as if I were watching a movie, and I wish Marwan had a meeting with Marmar without wearing an eye What I liked most about the novel was the events of Palestine, which were more romantic and more intimate. I was ashamed with Mary when Marwan flirted with her, and I was sad with her and angered at her anger, oh, how much her character affected me. I hope, Nayra, that you write a second thing quickly
My son, I advise you to fly between the sea and the sun, because if you fly low, the humidity overburdens your wings, and if you fly high, the heat melts them, fly by my side and you will be delivered. . The truth is a sun that burns to those who approach it ... the truth is a path that you will not like to cross ... the truth is stressful ... the truth is frightening ... the truth is killing ... Mahmoud did not know this when he was climbing that mountain to see further .. He did not know the consequences of his dire action .. He approached until he was burned, and there is no going back after burning ... It is no wonder that the prophets are the chosen ones .. No one can bear the fires of the truth, and the ignorance of those around him is only a prophet ... Mahmoud rises to see his body on the mattress, and has opened his arms and feet to look like a large letter, or as if a giant leper fell on the bed on his back .. His eyes are open and they stare at the ceiling and do not see ... . The future of nations, the lives and death of people ... disasters are resolved and others will be resolved ... armies that disappear under the sand and nuclear bombs thrown from the barber and melt the souls ... a young man of mobs asks the princess for his bed and young people raise their faces to inhale a pure lawn ... a man searching for clues to his scientific theory before Cancer perishes him .. A science fiction writer draws scenarios of state conflict and their wars .. A couple searches for happiness in a child who does not want to be born .. A sheikh searches for answers to bequeathed by complaints he complains about .... Mahmoud says: I do not predict .. Nobody can predict .. I, only, went up the mountain and saw further .... Now you are in the picture .. Now you see the strangeness of all this ... a truly strange novel ... that takes place in the future .. then returns to the present and moves from it to the past, and then jumps to the future again, and so ... Ahmed Khaled Tawfik&#39;s projections on reality Extremely clear: the era in which we live and our situation, then our rulers and their rule of the Qur’an ... the convictions and thoughts of the ordinary citizen ... the idea revolves around the utopia ... it is not alien to it .. the same pessimism and a dark outlook for the future .. It seems that the writer is very worried about Tomorrow and what will come with it ... The writer does not exhort .. And like the hero, the writer searches for the truth ... I will not speak about language or style ... Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq and enough ... Not as beautiful as a utopia ... but beautiful enough
Excellent . The rooms are very comfortable, the location is convenient and excellent, and the Wi-Fi is also good and the staff are very helpful. nothing
to Egypt. My laws that I embrace. And my destiny is being embraced. ... Words that Salah Essa begins with stories he tells about the homeland. My question is here. Are our countries our destiny, or are we destined ?? . Are we the ones who bear it, or are they the ones who bear our follies ???. ........... Frankly attracted me more than a story in the book: comment on some of them. In the first story of the sultan and Sharia judges, the sultan exploits a forbidden love story to distract people from the high costs that swept the country .. It becomes more like a public opinion issue in our time. The Sultan pretends to stick to establishing the boundaries of God, while prostitutes are allowed to practice vice in return for a tax. Did Sultan Al-Ghuri had schizophrenia? ............ Despite the many details in the story of the murderers of Bloody Sunday, they illustrate how plots against revolutions are simulated. I always get upset when we make a revolution and do not have the courage to take control of ourselves. We go out to revolt against the French occupation, so we do not think of Omar Makram as our leader, and we brought Muhammad Ali an Ottoman officer, for he is our primary rule. History, of course, testifies to Muhammad Ali of the renaissance, no doubt, but he carefully examined the Egyptians and imposed taxes. The Arabians go out to revolt against Khedive Tawfiq and remove the Ministry of Riad Pasha, then we do not have the nerve to acknowledge the corruption of the Khedive and isolate him himself. You will not finish reading this book until you acknowledge and write in ten that history will repeat itself
A very fascinating novel, in which it has an excellent plot, is not final, and has many influential and distinguished attitudes that are respected and religious. Thanks for the great writer
Were it not for the inevitable social stampede, a civilization would not have existed and the earth would have been corrupted. There is no good without evil ... from the preachers of the sultans to the farce of the human mind an indescribable pleasure .. it is advised
I really liked the novel, and I enjoyed reading it .. It exposed many aspects of life. And we can see what hatred among people can cause .. I think that the novel embodies the ideals of the evil of Halim if he gets angry, perhaps
Suitable not for dimension. clean and tidy. Away from the Dubai Mall and at the end of Zayed Street
The book has a very sweet theme and the style of the writer is light and humorous at times
The second republic will not be born in Egypt except when the republic of officers is dismantled and extracted from the interior of the entire Egyptian state
Gods, you took my art from me and gave me a wife .. He takes her head in his hands and ponderes .. Do you know how Galatia made ivory? It is beauty distilled through a thousand refineries of long patience, painstaking work and continuous experience .. And I proved all this in ivory and I immortalized it .. Do not suffer my dear wife, all this beauty did not go away from you, no .. But what changed in you with that? Your looks are beautiful, yes .. but they have something of limited meaning .. As for their looks they were supervising unlimited worlds of horizons .. Your lips are thin, but I know what is released from the hadiths and what can be printed on them from kisses, but their lips were separated from words you did not say Never, and you will never say it .. This is the difference between you and it: everything in you is limited, and everything in it is unlimited
My first experience with the writer, and certainly not the last, will be a light and beautiful book in which Tawfiq al-Hakim concludes his interesting dialogue with the planet Earth that there is no complete answer to a question in this presence .. The important thing is to awaken thinking ... and that in the movement of thought the driving force for progress.
Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud&#39;s advantage is that he deals with giant ideas and complex theories, breaks them down, and simplifies them into simple ideas that are easy to understand..and this was confirmed by reading this book after Einstein and relativity. The book deals with the political and social dimensions of Marxist thought ... its founders, its advocates, its advantages, its faults, the reasons for its spread in a period that is not a condition that would be evidence of the success of the idea, but merely nurturing hatred that was fed through generations, then Marxism came out of the underlying hatred. Trotsky says:. The individual, regardless of the quality of his life, has an innate tendency to complain about his circumstances and ambition to more favorable conditions for his dreams. And between complaint and ambition is a psychological situation in which there are many potentials of hatred ... and hatred is the easiest of the class struggle. I talk about the failure of Marxism because of its totalitarian tendency and insistence that it takes up any need and every need and has a point of view in every need ... the most important reason for the failure of Marxism and other systems is the pure material thought that deals with the human being as an abdomen and instinct no more and deny the spiritual side and does not recognize With it ... in the end, it leads the reader to solve the Islamic thought, in which the solution to many problems in other systems and ideas: A very important book for every Muslim, in order to understand his religion with greater expansion as an economic system and social thought, especially Muslims who are fascinated by imported capitalist and communist ideas. Four stars =
Exceptional. Proximity and integration. The price is high
First of all, the novel at the beginning attracts any extent that it complements it. And I want to know more details about it. The story came in a very good way and continues its events, although it was a bleak place, after what Aida hit the house, but it is almost realistic. I liked the novel very much .. It contains sentences that I have read more than many times, while I loved it:. She taught me sweet needs. My character has more sweet needs. With love and affection, we can overcome any obstacle in our lives, especially with the understanding that is followed by sound thinking. Confidence in our Lord is that whatever we see of the pain, it is necessary that the vulgarity is a heaveny meaning the hedge is the promise of our Lord to us and my need is I am already very sure of it. Our life is not owned by us, but we are just .. We are an integral part of the lives of people who live together. You live for others when there is nothing more beautiful than it. Time will ensure that we forget any need that we suffered in a day .. The days, as soon as we go beyond ourselves, reduce our thinking about the same needs that we could not think of. Patience is not better than it:. You prefer static over your principles no matter what difficulties you encounter. Your smile, no matter how pain you are, is a key to delighting the hearts around you. love is life : . We must always achieve the dreams we wish for:. I would like her end to be happy .. But at the same time her end teaches us that not every need we want in life is estimated, we take it or it is soft ... and if we can, we adjust ourselves to the circumstances, even if we do not like it:. Let my last words and my opinion be: Despite the separation .. There are still hearts of promise that remain ... and you still see her longing as the only way to escape from the real world to the realm of imagination in which everything that you wish happens:
The first book I read of Muhammad al-Mansi. I like it very much, even though I am not sure about the stories. I learned from him that when I grow up, I need to raise my children sweet because this will affect them when they grow up
Sweet sweet. Fun staff activity, restaurant hygiene and quality of food. Smoking in the rooms by the resident collects water in the toilets, and there is no scanner to remove the building
Love map. A wonderful masterpiece. Yasser mix heart and enrich the mind. Yasser the heart with the story of love. Between Sherif and Baroudi I am English. And the patriot sheriff. Who loved it during the English occupation of Egypt. He found the woman he had been waiting for all his life. She supported him even in his case against the British with all its might. Then part history. He added a lot to me. He spoke about the history of Egypt under English rule. Since the days of my godfather and Mustafa Kamel. Since the problem of Palestine was in its infancy. In the beginning of the Zionist settlement. The Dinshway accident. And others. I studied it in history. But here is a great way. Then that confusion of the past and the present. Of hope. Looking at the history of her grandmother Leila. Jezebel, who reads the history of her grandmother. And the story that linked together. Until the picture is complete. Perhaps it was difficult to understand, beginning. But once the framework of events begins, they appear. Until she feels amazing Just as writing the story is absolutely wonderful. Do not forget about the magnificence of translation. Which is the best translation of its readers. And that was the mother tongue of that narration, which is Arabic. Worth reading
Excellent and recommend it. Everything I liked about the hotel is clean, tidy and luxurious, but the positions are a little gritty for you. The location of the hotel is in the middle of the lane and the parking at night was so I had to stop and walk
First the book was borrowed from the beautiful Simsma. Who almost like this beauty will help the rest of the company:. The stories are mostly known, and I read about it before. Omar Taher’s style is very beautiful in it. The important thing .. The stories are this. In Ramadan, I returned the one to a beautiful condition, because he wanted to live with the people. What is the beauty of this heart? May God bless us with their companions in Paradise
The apple of humanity; ... Sorry, the last apple ... Writer Abu Mad managed to provide a page number of suspense, from the carefully selected language of the words to suit each part, I read it very carefully and I did not find a word worth replacing with another ...: in terms of Language; At first I thought that the writer would fall into the trap of mistakes a lot since she is Lebanese and expatriate in a European country, but I was totally surprised by the strength of her language and she was able to choose strongly the right word in the right place where I did not find that there is one word worth replacing with another word. .: In terms of narration, the author presented her narration in a narrator manner, but from two living sides Th she made her heroes, Norista and Evan, each of them tell the story that took place between them from the point of view and their own feelings, and he admitted at the beginning, I found it difficult to accept, but then I enjoyed it very much as if I was watching the events with the mentality and feelings of each of them ..: The author presented the issue of the remnants of war, And how does war crush human lives and transform them from human beings to other beings who do not know mercy or pity, as objects that add to killing, rape and bloodshed without any compassion, and how societies are torn apart, how war did not mercy young Ivan Christian a year old and transformed him into an unstoppable killing and rape tool, And how did the Muslim Norista convert the one-year-old daughter to Exponential He has to master in torturing her after killing all that she had and raping her physically and spiritually as she is a little girl .. Then after that the writer shows us with great ingenuity that no matter how circumstances or wars transform us into bad people, goodness remains inside us and shows us this in Evan&#39;s love for Noresta and Noresta&#39;s love for Ivan ... and then finally, the ugliness of those speaking in the name of jihad appears falsely and shows that religion, whatever Islam or Christianity, is a religion of love, and that those who speak in the name of religion as a faction are nothing but slave merchants and merchants of personal interests ...: In my soul, I see it as a first-class human narration; It was better for the writer to put a warning at the beginning of the novel, writing: This The novel is for people with hearts full of humanity and the fanatics do not have the right to touch them: If not in my mind, then in my heart ...: Finally ... the author recounted her narration in a very knitted way, as if it were real events that have lived to the point that have hurt me so much, where in some passages I held my breath and in clips my heart accelerated and I was breathless as I read and sometimes my eyes cried while I was crying Only days in search of humanity ... My end: Thanks for Sonia Abu Mad on the novel and exciting events that are not fast at all bored me feel .. and really for the first time Oqri long novel and makes me bored ... I would advise them to read all lovers ..
I want to take this diwan and walk from the world.
Awesome. Everything is unique and beautiful.
The memories are the juices of the moments that elevate the cup of life, the honey foam that sweetens the taste of days, the chandeliers that grow the light in the night of the soul when its moon is absent behind the rubble of negligence, so it does not break the darkness of oblivion except the passage of the spectra of the past, those suns that illuminate the lips of the soul, and paint On our lips a smile of the depth of time when it strikes its roots in us. Flanders either harbor or harbor us. Memories are musk crumbs that touch the soul like magic, so their infertility transmits heaven and perfumes her paradise with the fragrant boyhood. The memories are the life and soul shelter. . What if there are no memories? What if you woke up one day and found your memories disappeared? Even worse, what if you replace your memories with those of other people? And the most insidious is more and more .. What if these memories are of other people ... you have not seen or heard from them before? . . An exciting experience to the fullest extent ... and a new youth talent We thank Aziz Muhammad Al-Mansi Kandil for her presentation to us. Our journey begins with the protagonist and the strange and strange world of memories that swept his mind in the day and night .. the memories of a Spartan and his adoration .. and memories of the Kingdom of the Greeks .. and memories of a Jewish merchant that I do not know about him .. On the other hand he forgets the hero himself and his memories .. and continues to search for an explanation of what Happen to him. How can he see memories of people from the depths of history when he has not read or heard about them before? How can he forget his memories? How can he wake up one day to find himself married to a woman he has not seen before? The events revolve between the hero&#39;s attempt to solve this strange mystery .. and between his travel in the memories that bring him his language and leave his language, he sees the events of the past that help him to explain his present and expect his future ... until we discover the surprise in the end. The great narration style makes you feel that the person who wrote this work is familiar with the keys to writing. Its defect is only a lengthy description and repetition of certain parts, especially the parts related to the description of the state of loss suffered by the protagonist throughout his struggle with the world of memories and parts related to describing his feelings towards his wife. The end of the novel and the interpretation of events came somewhat late .. A page novel that does not understand anything about what is happening in it except after the page .. You here made some readers prey to boredom or perhaps a sense of the absurdity of the topic ... On my own I thought that the idea of the novel would be based on The idea of traveling through time .. And what confirmed my belief is that strange device that the writer put in the events without notifying you what the device is and its function throughout the novel as if he wanted you as a reader to fall into the trap and think almost after the middle of the novel and after the delay in the interpretation of events that this device will become a travel device Across time at the end ... the novel is classified as a novel by Fantasia M. Repeat. But in the last hundred pages, the situation is turned upside down and was astonished by the scientific and objective interpretation of what happened. And the end that shocked me frankly. The references mentioned at the end indicate an effort made in this novel that deserves respect and appreciation. . I lived like a temple without a soul. My memory begged some of my past to sprout life on my shores today, but when it rained, I threw stones at me from Shajil, my hopes were more buried, and my embers were hidden in my future and turned it to ashes. . In the end, I repeat my thanks to Mohamed Al-Mansi Kandil for his presentation of this novel and this new pen. Amir Hussein will be a writer with his name in the near future, God willing
Wonderful. Parkes, Wi-Fi is fast, the price of the apartment for the amount paid, the location of the hotel beside it, all services near the Mall of the Emirates, it does not have a bar and wines very suitable for families of the apartment area. The floor brushes are dirty, the guest service is weak, as I stopped the car and worked to interrupt that the suitcase holder did not attend, except by asking me to reverse other hotels from the first time they stopped, they would receive you and ask you if they carry bags
A book that I should have read a real time ago .. It contains information that surprised me with scientific and psychological considerations for the first time that I read about it; information that combined biology, medicine, psychology, and sociology; even in my field of study, Ali did not pass. I liked it very much, and I found it lost, although I did not agree with some ideas, not facts.
O God, you are a generous pardon, you love pardon, so forgive us. :
Nice . Most of all, I liked the reception, very respectful and also a Lebanese woman who forgot her name, but she is in the guest relations office, I think, with his respectable and professional satisfaction. There is no isolation in the rooms
Exceptional. The hotel&#39;s frankness is creativity and the people’s talk about it is not correct here, but it is a pinnacle in the distinction and taste of dealing, rooms and hygiene, God willing, I will go there long enough that it is free to enter with you who want without anyone interfering in you.
I finished the book on my way back from college. It was light and very beautiful, relaxed while reading. Thoughts of the spectra are very thin and beautiful. She loved her first book and is optimistic about the upcoming
The pleasure of illuminating the idea is the mind, and the dark areas are confined a little bit, before the light of understanding ... a wonderful book full of ideas and correcting concepts, where the spaces are common between the three worlds. People, things and ideas. And what happens when one of them overwhelms the other. The thoughts of Malik bin Nabi in this book, worth reading more than once
The Sheraton team attracts you and the management let you down. The crew smiling rooms are spacious. The wines inside the room knowing that we are Saudis Muslim our religion is forbidden and punishes those who use those wines pay a high amount insurance and the amount is still with me as I left and I could not spend it and no one spends it in my place of residence being a dirham
Hotel next to the penthouse, yes the neighborhood. Good reception, fast response, quality of the restaurant, and dishes served in breakfast and suhoor meals near the Prophet’s Mosque only two minutes, especially the women’s portal. Furniture are mostly good and clean, many elevators are good and if some of them break down, but for limited hours. Staff are very good and helpful. I enjoyed staying for a whole week. Parking is not possible, especially for family cars. Expedition is by force. I got a parking lot on the sidewalk for four days, fearing traffic, but God will prefer to use the parking spaces, especially numbers. Myself, I only travel, and the modem is my right along me, where did I go out in the disturbing seasons of Ramadan at twelve noon?
The nicest part of the first part
A balanced person is one who does not step in vain ... and does not flounder in the paths of life ... He knows where to go ... and when to go ... and how to stand when the time to stop comes. A very practical and effective book
good. The room is quiet and its views are sweet, the furniture is good, the sound of the sanctuary, prayer in the room and corridor, breakfast is varied and excellent and the restaurant is large, the presence of two entrances to the campus from the commercial market and another directly from the side street, canceling a night and retrieving the amount without fees. I thank Brother Fahd from the reception for facilitating the cancellation procedure in coordination with the alternate director .. The reception does not have enough chairs to sit, the internet is very very weak, the elevators are sufficient but you may need to use more than an elevator, the price is greatly exaggerated, the prices of lunches and dinners are relatively expensive Real buffet, bathroom is small but acceptable, by calling the service asked to make calls from the room and they indicated to go down to the reception and deposited the amount of riyals and then contact them to activate the service and they refused to include it in the accounts when making the check out.
good. Location and hygiene somewhat. The high prices of drinks in the refrigerator
The beauty of Dubai in the residence of such apartments. They gave me two small apartments instead of one with two bedrooms, because they said that they were late and I pulled the card. In fact, I was not late, but they rented the apartment to another person. So I was compensated with two one-room apartments, and free breakfast, may God reward them. Everything is amazing, amazing, amazing ,,,,
A good experience. The restaurant is very very tasty and the bed is comfortable. The rooms are very narrow. The distance from the hotel door to the rooms. The walk in the hotel is large and gets lost and tired
good. Location. Standard of hygiene, especially towels
very good. The location is excellent. The absence of a major entrance on the street is necessary
Excellent stay. Beautiful, clean apartments that only lack a washer. nothing
It is one of those stories that you can not stop. Details of that half Jaddawi and half Eritrean crisis of identity and distress of the city and the capacity of the country. Historical details I did not know anything about liberating Eritrea, its Arabism and the sacrifices of its youth .. The novel is wonderful.
Excellent. Distinctive reception and dealing, especially worshipers and Mustafa.
Beautiful and lovely hotel. Staff service, room cleanliness, comfort, excellent, family hotel. The location of the breakfast and its diversity
it&#39;s OK . The place is good for the price. We were in an excellent cleanliness and comfort room. We extended the reservation and moved to another room. Generally, the bathroom was good, there is a wind, and it has a nuisance because it has a building that builds to the side of the hotel.
A dream within a dream. . The best numbers of the series to date
A novel for a daughter
A majestic prose mantle ... a crowded man sprinkles his ears of love on a sunny world and in his heart a thorn forest ... a beautiful surrealistic
Bilal Al-Azim’s style, a mixture of hatred that he has read about these works, and the great passion that I read them, has an awful ability that makes you love the book from his words before you read it
Gorgeous . More than wonderful selection ... Raffles means comfort ... luxury ... luxury ... honeymoon advice or a special occasion that you can&#39;t miss ... Thank you. There is nothing I dislike
Exceptional. Yes, the breakfast is delicious and the walk is comfortable even though the bed I had had a little inclination on the one hand, but it did not affect the evaluation.
Love: a disease we imagine we are cured of .. only because no one dies because of him .. in theory. I never hated her, she just .. I became a daily trigonometric lesson from a teacher I hate, a boring and rhythm teacher, his voice is annoying and his duties are heavy. If I could not set a good example, then I would be a goblin for children&#39;s stories
As a person who is not a fan of novels in general. I really enjoyed this novel. Qutb was able to transport all the thorns to my chest. And this novel came on a special chord
No reconciliation . And if they give you gold. See when your eyes woke up. Then two things proved their place. do you see?. Things are not bought
The five stars are for the last semester, Jean Valjan only ..... As for the novel, it deserves four stars, and the reason for that terrible dependence on the coincidences ... The coincidences of everything happened by chance as if the people were a family ...... and also made Paris as if Two streets with four houses. Everyone meets and does not get away, and chance is an explanation of all events. But the last chapter almost made me cry, had I not caught my tears, since I swore a long time ago that I would not cry ..... The five stars are going to the last chapter and sentence, namely:. The voice of a child saw in life was too much
very good . Location and price. The service is poor
good. . I didn&#39;t like the delay in room service and the lack of some demand devices such as the electric water heater and the iron
Wonderful. Thanks. Network vulnerability. Al-Wafi would be free and I would like to increase the lighting of the rooms
Creativity ... all creativity in the adaptation of the Arabic language. He is Naguib Mahfouz ... and that is new for him
Excellent. The price, location, and design of the hotel deserve to be duplicated.
Good book style, fun writer
I liked the way the writer read his surroundings, it was objective and realistic. Indeed, there are many negative aspects in our public and private lives that we must address if we want to live in a way that makes us more appreciative of ourselves and the other, for life is not me, but me and the other and the world. There must be an equation in life Each of us is to ensure that we live this life with balance, optimism and hope. You cultivate a smile on your face from the most beautiful what the writer referred to in the book and on more than one occasion, as if the state of his tongue says: Always start your day with a smile, you find life in which you receive you with an open chest and accept you with passion. One of the alphabet of the demand for life is optimism, hope and preoccupation with oneself more than the other if we want to be creative and contribute to making life a better place to live.
Good location, poor reception. The location is excellent. Paid Wi-Fi per hour, with a real hotel reception, bad and more than bad, entry procedures are accurate ... I will not repeat visits to this hotel
Wonderful stay. The distance from the campus to the campus, the price is reasonable, and there are services near it
The novel was read at the appropriate time, after losing all the causes of life and returning to hope..you may see everything around you differently only because you lost someone who gave each step meaning..I felt so much that Hussein Arif lost his girlfriend..I felt that what he was doing was the only solution to escape From a reality that was not before him .. The novel is the least that can be said of it as wonderful, it was transmitted to me the love of life ... The novel ended with regard to something that was a killer. I would like to read it continuously .. Greetings to you, Mohamed
Not because Naguib Mahfouz is the international writer, but I am really not good at words that describe my admiration for the novel, or what I learned from it. God have mercy on our noble writer and put it in the balance of its good deeds
When I used to read the name Al-Tantawi before I encouraged him to read it, it used to suggest his name to the weight of his books and the difficulty of his terms, but this book changed all my concepts, a pleasant style that is close to the heart.
One of the best things I really read, as the conversation was a new image with a European mindset that is deeply conscious of the meaning of Islam and has its European personality that it shares in the folds of the book. It was praised by Professor Dr. Abdel-Wahab Al-Masiri, may God have mercy on him, in a seminar that I and Mr. Abu Al-Ela Madi had attended for him, and the praise of Madih was very full and I did not know why they said what they said about the leader and Professor Begovic except when I read the book. May God have mercy on everyone
The most beautiful and finest novel that spoke about the finest and deepest types of love. What impressed me most about the writer&#39;s linking of events and their love is not a gap. I linked the beginning of the novel to its end in an impressive way that you started with the box in which you wish and with the word you are mine. And I finished it with the same box and the same word. Walid and Raghad were so attached to each other that it made me live in a strange situation that I had not lived before and in my life I had not interacted with the events of a novel like this that I insisted on finishing it in the shortest possible time. The only disadvantage of the novel is the length of its events, but despite the length of its events, it did not lead to fatigue or boredom, and the events did not recur in the form of a vicious circle. You afflicted me with an unprecedented state of romance and influence that was unprecedented. It was the first romantic novel I read. But I did not meet a novel that affected me to this extent. Actually, it represented the true meaning of the word you are mine
A novel that carries everything. I recommend reading it. I wrote something about it here. : //. . //.
I ate it twice .. It was delicious but the creamy sessions were generally shameful. It was a mamma but very creamy
good. Cleanliness. The interior lights of the hotel were changed to white. The bathroom was running away from the water. The inconvenience of the building under construction. The inconvenience of the workers in the upper floor to a heavy sleep. I did not sleep from the inconvenience.
The great
He discusses a very important issue ... The issue that preoccupied my thinking before, and I didn’t answer it. On the subject of intercession, and not everyone who says no, except God, in word and deed, will not enter Paradise ... and God knows best
good. The capacity of the rooms, the presence of the hotel chapel, the speed of the exit of the check-out, for the fire of the workers,. There is marriage in one of the hotel halls, and the sound of music reaches the rooms, the positions are narrow, the price is high at the hotel level
Enjoyable stay. Enjoyable stay. There is not enough parking
Very very very very impressive..You cannot stop in many parts ... here embodied the genius of Al-Qossabi and his vast culture..the only annoying thing is not to divide it into seasons..that was deliberately because of the digression that enters was a bit..but I think it is What made it an exceptional novel ..
Everyone is respected and I thank Mr. Muhammad for his cooperation. Everything is fun. Sometimes the taxi is late
Read this novel in the aftermath of the courage of the youth of Palestine and the revolution that they sparked by attacking settlers in all parts of Palestine stabbed and run over, and I finished the novel on Saturday morning after Al-Aqsa witnessed free Friday prayers for the first time in many years, you may be my age ... the death? How do you enjoy a kite in a sky that you see as free while others see it as occupied? . The comedy revolves around this, and this second story revolves around this ... where the occupation soldiers come close to it, approaching to the point of throwing rocks with the intensity of being sprayed with machine guns ... where the tank is like a toddler, and the boy or the young boy stands in front of it like a high sky that refuses to be teased. .. The novel also revolves around fame and Ramallah, the watchful, which does not mobilize the occupation, where celebrities, plays, songs, evening parties, songs and luxury restaurants, where Selim is immersed in the pleasures of life, and he owes Yassin all life ... and the comedy is still continuing ..
Wow, amazing gadget. The prose bureau is distinguished by the emergence of the texts of the issue in it, but in a different and renewed way. For example, the issues of women who have always been consumed and repeated were present and strongly here, but with a literary template I had never read the same before before, as some know, Ghada has shown herself in her texts adopting the As an idea or movement, and this may justify the reason for its bullying on Ghassan Kanafani regarding the subject of the messages Haha .. Thank you Ghada for the beautiful mornings I spent with you
If we talk about the style and narration method, then there is no embarrassment over the wonderful, but if there is something beyond the meaning, then I need a lot to say, but if the values are denounced, then nihilistic philosophy is a great field that needs scrutiny and study, more than just reading, it may be rash, times when I feel that a nasty philosopher is rude .... how God killed and died for the sake of the Muslims of our treachery .... And at other times I felt that we were given valuable things and made known by Muslims, and we also remove them forbidden ..... And I felt an end to every word in the poem of glory to Satan. I need many readings for the book and the author to determine my idea of ideas
This history, which is not like a nation like this world, which is awash with love, nobility, sacrifice, heroism and faith .. He knew about Tantawi his beautiful style of presentation, the smoothness of his phrases and the splendor of linguistic structures in his description. An interesting style of telling the story takes you in its events with an eagerness to finish the story ... from beautiful interesting story books. My companion was on the road every morning, and I never felt bored, nor along the way ... The Sheikh says in his introduction ... Even if I remain fifty years old, every week people know about Islam’s flags or tell them a story. Their heroics and their geniuses are not over, and when they are almost finished, and how ??. And I have in the small library more than a hundred volumes in the translations of men. If in every bound volume there were a hundred translations, that alone would be ten thousand translations of ten thousand flags of Islam .. We are Muslims ... Our faith is our prophet and our prince is our servant .. Our weak right is strong in us and we are strong Aoun for our weak .. We are all brothers in God, both in front of religion .. As for the stories were ::. In Jerusalem. God&#39;s trust. Mohamed the little. Son of love. The Samarkand case. Helena and Louis. A woman of illiterate children. Thirty thousand dinars. Hind and Mughira. Teacher Migration. Farewell night. Overnight. The last of Granada&#39;s heroes. a man and a woman. Scientist. With the genius Al-Zyani. In the Umayyad dish. The story of Al-Hayman. At the gates of the city. Abu Jahl. Evaluate him wonderful and on my way to acquire the memories of Tantawi. Obeikan library I think b riyals
Distinctive for families and close to the well-known malls in Dubai. Suitable for families. nothing
I can&#39;t really describe this guy&#39;s creativity. I&#39;m amazed at what his deep thought holds. What&#39;s wrong with his amazing pen? The book to say the least is a true creation of a creative writer. Indeed, this thinker is one of the most wonderful births of the land of Kinana in Egypt. Quotes from the book
Druze Belgrade Rabie Gaber Hanna Yaacoub. A beautiful novel, in which the author used thin rhetorical pictures, many details are few events and this is not one of their faults ,,, Terror breaks my mind like a sword. The little air extinguished it like a candle. My bones are heavy in my leather bag and I try to lift it. In short, Rabie Jaber, the Lebanese novelist, addressed a neglected issue in Arab history and perhaps an unknown .. Such an issue is very rarely that we read or hear about it .. Every Arab has torment, oppression, and pain. He will not differentiate between a Christian, a Druze, a Sunni or a Shiite.
Spiritual manifestations: ... I am very fanatic of this type of narration, thanks for the first time that I read a novel that has no sexual scenes and I talked about a purely spiritual subject and at the same time I estimated that you give up the subject very close to reality in a great and respectful manner at the same time
The novel has a very ordinary beginning .. I thought I would be in front of a typical model of the romantic novel that consecrates the meanings of loyalty, love and sacrifice, but soon the matter developed, there is an unusual event happening here, the way of narration and giving titles to the chapters was amazing, for the end of the novel can not To form a complete picture of the reality of what is going on..Who is a melody and who is Ahmed Salem and how did they interfere in the story of Taha Al-Ghareeb and his adoration of Ashjan and the loving square are rare and Sama and Ghada and Al-Tayyib .. A lot of entanglement occurs and there are no clear explanations, but the pleasure is clear Remarkably, at first I thought that a dialogue abandoned by colloquialism would become an impediment to the coming p Hat, but the matter to you is an obstacle at all, but it was like a linguistic breakthrough in which the dialogue sentences shined the luminosity of the gorgeous language, and Sadeq continued in our dazzling development of characters over time. A very accurate narration, and it focuses on the focus as well, casting it as it seems negligently, but it never does, clarifying and highlighting the psychological struggle taking place between Taha and himself. His drawing is sincere with an artistic glimpse of accuracy and magnificence ... Juveniles, I tried to read the novel playing the role of a critic, trying to find any loophole here or here K, Taha&#39;s last scene did not shake me at all, but as soon as Taha the little rose up on the stage and started to play .. then I do not know how to take off the dress of criticism, and my eyes started in a justified flow of tears, this moment in my eyes and the scene of the last Ashgan are from The most wonderful human experiences that I have read in my life ... Muhammad Sadiq in his first novelist experience ... the least that is said to her is a first genius that I did not share a lot of luck at the time of its release, but it compensates for this now .. because there is no existence of perfection .. P stars who fulfill the purpose ..
As much as greatness and genius in writing ... evaluation comes. It is one of these books, which lives in memory despite the long period of completion of its reading. Where did our uncle Mahmoud Al-Saadani come from with that ability that enabled him to portray that very painful experience with such irony, in which laughter mixed with crying. He found himself by mistake, in the detainee, and from one prison to another until he ended up in the oasis prison ... where inhumanity is the treatment of human beings, and where the true meaning of popular ideals is in prison. Although I read it a long time ago, I am reminded of many of its details, and it was my first experience with this great man and it was enough for me to love him and love his style, and I also love with him satiric literature .... Another need ... Our Lord, have mercy on you, Blessed Mahmoud, as much as I enjoyed Personally, in this book:
Is this a history of the catastrophe, or is it a description of the meaning of the homeland, which the occupation has robbed little by little, and replacing it with lost, lost, and helpless? When she talks about Razavi, she talks about a three-dimensional world, after time, after the place, and after the meaning. From fiction .. Razavi lives history and transports it alive among the folds of books, with its details and the breezes of the Sea of Tantura.
A good experience can be repeated. Restaurant and grocery services. Management staff more than service personnel
Best stay for a lifetime. The breakfast was delicious.
Iyeeyee sweetness de water me water oh Prince:. Medicine, divorce, our masters, happy with you. Not a single month:
The author told us that it is not a historical text, but rather an imaginative work, that exploits reality to build a fictional world parallel to the real world. And because it really is, you remain confused, suspicious of you and assume the role of the criminal investigator and adopt his method of drawing question marks whenever you finish eating a few pages, then you will repeat a question that will be repeated a lot in your mind: Is this what really happened or is it a figment of the writer&#39;s imagination? A novel full of literature, rich in events, the description is so special that you think that you are sitting in a large cinema hall and show you Iraqi events that you see with your own eyes with amazement and will not leave you throughout the journey from the first page to the last. It revolves around the world and life, it travels you to many cities of this world that gives you the opportunity to wander through its streets, show you the secrets of beauty in an artistic way that we do not always see in novels, you know Iraqi, Arab and foreign personalities from angles we have not seen before. A daring work that stretches an unprecedented streak in the Arabic novel, narrating epic events in an epic style reminiscent of the stories of Mario Pozo and the Italian mafia, made by the writer Telegram, fatigue, effort, illusion and passion. The neutrality of the writer convinced us or not, we agreed with his vision of Saddam Hussein with all this huge amount of ferocity, toughness and aggressiveness in order to gain power, or we did not agree, I must say that it is a novel that must never be hesitated to acquire it.
Good compared to the price. Location. The inconvenience the bathroom is narrow
In this book two articles emerge, the first being openness and seclusion in Arab culture, and the other the second in the Arab-Islamic heritage. As for his other articles, they are dominated by the psycho-analytical nature as we have returned Tarabishi, who has established himself as a psychoanalyst of the Arab intelligentsia, I think that he is either an adult in the analytical method or He was cautious about presenting his findings, especially in the article that talks about Zaki al-Arsuzi, so he does nothing but shyly and shamefully about the nature of the neurosis he is supposed to have .. and his article on Yassin Al-Hafiz also found great, and he touched on the lack of an educated bourgeois class a lot of Liquefaction.
Cynical stories tell the prostitution of social thinking in their eyes, no matter how much the woman learns and succeeds, this does not match anything compared to marriage, even if she marries the man who is not suitable for her.
Nice hotel, services and attention to a customer, but the room has some drawbacks. I liked its services very, its amazing, the breakfast is very tasty and on the level and their service is very nice for a guest. The room defect does not open the window, especially if you have children, the carpet is not clean, and the cupboards have stains from it. People do not clean
The Oryx Hotel is completely comfortable, and it is unparalleled in Abu Dhabi. Close to all services and corniche. There is no private parking for the hotel guests, only picking up the car from the house and parking it in the manner of the hotel staff
Comfortable and luxurious. His Excellency and views of the creek. Construction and equipment sounds
Exceptional. The hotel is clean and excellent, with everything the traveler needs. The bar is open to anyone who loves to drink. Arab food is not available or it is available, but it is not at all times around the clock and the prices of meals are a little high
I liked the book. It is a complete encyclopedia on the history of Jews, their types and methods in various fields.
Of the few times I hate a person in a novel even though his character is not bad
For the first time I read a biography of a person ... but it is really fun and full of judgment. I cannot thank those borrowed by this book ... I have been reading a book printed more than a year ago ... meaning: I have a treasure in my hands. Much of that judgment cannot be passed on without writing it down. And despite being a long time ago, he is keeping up with us at this time. The most I hoped for while reading the book: When he started talking about his library, I wished to include it and tell me about his impressions of every book and his best books, etc. . It is a biography that deserves to be read
Awesome. Cleanliness, service and treatment of reception staff, especially Majid Al-Mubarak, may God grant him success. nothing
Fine hotel. The only upscale hotel in Tabuk. Summit in cleanliness and calm. Staff treatment is very great. I requested that the room be arranged in a manner suitable for a couple at the beginning of the honeymoon
Comfortable hotel. The hotel deserves stars based on the package dealing with the guest and the services provided .. Lack of a bidet. The mattress is old and tired in sleeping.
Exceptional. Everything is good. Not enough parking and car wash only
One of the best things I have read is a book that will surely be sad when you finish it, because you will not want to end this journey between simplicity, philosophy and temporal overlap between people, and most importantly, the experiences of the characters of the novel. Thank you to the author for this creativity.
O my Lord . How can anyone live all these mental and physical pains without going mad. Madness is the least that can happen after these feats. Injustice, tyranny, humiliation, fear, oppression. Unimaginable. A novel you read and feel that you are reading a legend and not a true story that took place on the ground. Of course, it is noticeable that every prison employee has a psychological contract, and they take it out to those who control him. Even one of them tried to torture a dead person. It is a contract that they are satisfactory
The children of this generation, then, are different. They often learn and initiate a little while they are distracted and in pain, perhaps the happiest of them, but who knows what happiness is? All we know about her is that she fought against our country
Of course, Al-Nisbali was a book whose language was gross, difficult, and difficult. I had read the sentence more than once, to understand all its meanings, but the book was above the wonderful and a completely different biography.
It embodied distant imagination ..... in the coolest words .... Thank you ... and thanks to Abdullah Al-Balkhi
I appreciate the biography literature .. I respect Brown&#39;s suffering I respect his strength in overcoming everything that he went through. Despite the difficulties he faced. I respect his mother&#39;s support for him in all of this .. I love documentary writing. I watched the movie twice. Yes. At the same time, I felt a different feeling when reading the book from his author personally. Crises are a band aid we need to produce. This is what happened with Brown. A figure worthy of praise and a gigantic literary work regardless of charged emotions. However, it remains a large business and a huge production that affects a person, turning his suffering to success. He persevered and worked hard to reach a point that the whole world points to. Not for him to be referred to and receive awards and thanks. But for himself, above all. To make the difference in his life before he makes it in the lives of others when they live his story by reading.
Stylish hotel. Prices and services are excellent. No toothbrush
To be honest, it is very, very wonderful, and there is no defect in it, and I hope that all goods are of the same quality, this product is very wonderful.
A very good hotel suitable for families and its price is reasonable for the services I visited the hotel once a year and my stay was three nights, the service is excellent and the cleanliness is excellent in the room where I lived, and I will come back again next week, God willing, I did not hear a noise or loud voices and I did not see It doesn&#39;t hurt modesty ,, very suitable for families..the reception is very good ,,, breakfast is very good ,, my evaluation of the hotel is very suitable for the price ,, and if I have a large amount, I will go to five-star hotels.
I loved simple French literature, elegant words in the simplest possible complicity, miser in international plays, reflecting organized love with betrayal against the ugliest characteristic that a person might face, which is miserliness.
Wonderful ... even though the end shocked me somewhat. The novel talks about a lost mother in a Seoul station, and her husband did not realize her disappearance except when he was on the train, but I think this mother had lost long before that. This mother got lost when she gave up her life to make her husband and children happy. Unfortunately, they did not receive a single day of their attention. Painful to the maximum degree ... When I read the novel, I needed to reconsider my relationship with some of my closest relatives. Do I really know them well? Does your mere living in one house with your family make you know them well? . The answer is no ... Have you ever sat with your father or mother and asked them? What is their favorite food or is your father comfortable in his work? Does your mother love the kitchen, or is it a job she does only to your liking? Do they like life here? If they had the opportunity to travel to any country, would they travel ...? . What is their favorite color? Do you know the answers to these questions? . And when you look at these questions, you find them very simple, but you will not know their answer .... Why do we always know the value of others when they leave us ... Why do we not appreciate them every day while they are in our lives? The novel is an invitation to correct your relationship with others ... to know that they are not Muslim and that one day they will leave and leave you alone ...
A wonderful respectable novel by a respectable writer that respects the minds and hearts of its readers. I am anxious from now to read the next novel of Mona Salameh and from now on I am a permanent reader of her novels by the command of God. Thank you very much, Mona, for the time you spent enjoying Kegar. I could not wish for better than what you presented in this wonderful novel. really thanks. Your fertility. Kegar
Worth the experience and I will repeat my visit to him, God willing. Apartment space, games room and apartment corner. Cleaning services need to contact them more than once in order to perform daily cleaning
A very good novel that carries a message to society and expresses the broadness of the author’s horizon, even if his pessimistic outlook reached its conclusion, but there were indications of this black vision that the novel covered, which shed light on the risk areas that are concentrated in ignorance and injustice resulting from non-compliance with God’s orders and avoiding incest, and I hope that this vision will change Toward a better future for Egypt after the change, despite the current difficult challenges. May God protect Egypt and other Muslim countries
It is reported ... It is better to memorize history if it is alive .... And here he is, Aunt Naima, who keeps it ....... and he has memorized it with all its details, so that I can now complete the narration about him vigilant and dream, we can all be rose And I do not think that everyone will be patient as patience, until his calamity has stabilized, as we have always afflicted in ourselves. He believed that God waits and does not neglect, no matter how stranded life is left on the soil, and he meets your dwelling to live with determination. So everyone swore that he is the undisputed leader of the Yarmouk nation despite its diaspora, thinking and thinking. He replied ... He was passionate about life after all that he had seen and obtained. One moment of refraction met by one of us is sufficient to change his path and escape to the unknown. The pride of a bitter past. And there, where Naima lives behind the dirt, the bush of memories remembers with his tear, which dried up when his brother was martyred, when he left Irbid, and when Naima died. Dr. Ayman Al-Otoum, your most beautiful wonderful, I salute you for telling a history throwing us, I felt that I was at the highest summit on the roofs of Yarmouk sitting and watching how the truth was split when I asked the blood from the foreheads of students asking for it, they endured him not caring and then we came without knowing them to give them salutations to the depth of our hearts and life. Rattle my pen after completing the narration of the soldiers ’speech
Gorgeous . Attitudes, hotel smell, cleanliness and full screen crew. I asked them to extend for two hours and they refused
I find myself involved in criticizing the novel of a Sufi scientist, this telling novel by the Norwegian writer Justin Garder .. Garder shortened two books in one book, one of which is a non-fictional book dealing with the history of philosophy, and the other is a novel that runs slowly in the background of the book .. the book can be divided into two parts: the first section It is a history of the most prominent philosophers, starting with Socrates .. Plato .. Aristotle .. ending with Darwin and Freud and the rest of modern philosophers. In this section, fictional events are simple and slow, concentrated at the beginning and end of each chapter to advance the plot of the novel. Each chapter mediates the history and information of a philosopher as a lesson given to a mystic by an unknown and strange professor of philosophy provided by mail messages .. The second section begins after the end of philosophy lessons where the book turns into a true narration in which the strange teacher appears and the reason for explaining the lessons of philosophy to Sophie and what they must do, Hence the events are accelerating towards the end of the book .. What attracted me in the book is the diversity of voices between Sophie, the voice of the innocent girl who does not know many, and the voice of the elderly teacher who knows the philosophy. I also liked the division of chapters based on philosophers .. The novel contained an overdose of ambiguity, which might cause the reader to lose interest in deciphering the mysteries of this mystery, especially lovers of short and light books .. Sufi scholar is a good book as a general and quick reference for the history of philosophy in a novel form with a beautiful and sophisticated plot. I recommend it to fans of philosophy and fat books.
The hotel is clean and well-maintained. The hotel is excellent. There is no
Comfortable but I will not stay at this hotel again. The location of the hotel is fairly good and the hotel staff is very friendly. Room smell, there are some stains on the floor that feel the decor is used up and there are some parts of the wallpaper open
Baffled. This gray misery in your eyes. What is her secret? And what can i do. To color it? A wonderful
This book assured me that the Egyptians are their revolutionaries as long as they are not revolutionaries, as long as they do not convince us of our longevity that the Egyptian does not revolt ...
A beautiful and genius book with his idea
Raaaaaaaaaaa. I read it and published it to people, the feature reads that it played on and revenge for me, and I remained completely convinced that I am very ordinary. I make small mistakes to avoid big or small mistakes.
French flavor in the center of Jeddah. This was not my first visit to this restaurant .. but every time I discovered something new..and enjoyed a different taste. The level of elegance of the restaurant, the quality of food, and the intimacy of the service make one really live in a Parisian atmosphere, even for a moment .. Prices are relatively high, but that does not preclude enjoying the atmosphere of the restaurant and its luxurious meals, even even on occasions.
One time, you said, you&#39;re almost like Gramsci. I said thank you and his money. When I read the letters, I knew that the similarities did not form. His grave picture in the book was the last message, and I was very shocked, even though I knew from the beginning that he would die. in prison. The organic intellectual, leftist thinker, and researcher in the history of Italian culture and the Sardinian civilization did not have his analytical capabilities and mental models. We are in front of the son of a weak health who tries to communicate with his mother and his shattered family. And seek any information about his spouse and children fleeing to Moscow. The prison guard did not forget to knock on the door violently if he felt Gramsci&#39;s nap, thus the horrific torment of a restless mind and a distracted mind between illness, family and partisan responsibility. Even when his sister-in-law came to live nearby to send him food, books and letters, he got tuberculosis and fell asleep .. Messages to my mother. She is a naked, humiliated, isolated thinker in prison, eager to know any news about people and the world
The book is said to be colloquial creamy. Creating a thinker, a book in which the beginner finds a little bit of difficulty. But it is realistic and realistic. He gives many examples until the idea he wants becomes clear. The book is beautiful .. I think that when I read it for the first time I found it difficult if I read it again it will be easier and clearer to what the author intended ..
As in all the books of Dr. Zidan, the introduction is distinguished and rich in benefits. In this introduction, the reader explains the importance of communicating the literary heritage, as he warns of the position of those who preceded him by publishing Hayat bin Yaqazan in various texts. Then he tells us what his study is distinguished, so he states that he achieved all the texts as he did the biographies of its creators and he selected from the most fulfilling of what was found .. Then comes the biography of Sheikh Al-Sheikh Ibn Sina in a part that Ibn Sina tells himself about his pupil Al-Juzjani, and the rest of the rest of the Juzjani completes himself and Who accompanied Ibn Sina until his last days ... followed by the biography of Ibn Tufail, the author of the longest and most famous text among the four texts. It is a text that drew his idea from the text of Ibn Sina, and called it the same name, Hay ibn Yaqdhan. In addition to some of his poems and what was said about him and in his narration, which apparently affected European literature .. Then the biography of Suhrawardi, who is the dead sheikh or martyr. . He who comes up with his text completes Ibn Sina&#39;s text and calls it Western alienation. However, it is a text that is more complicated and more symbolic, and most of its words are derived from Quranic verses .. And for the severity of their symbolism, Dr. Yusef Zidan writes about Western alienation:. The story of Suhrawardi, in which he reworded the story of Ibn Sina, is one of the most magnificent texts of Arab and Islamic heritage, and even though it falls on a few pages, its intense symbolism and intensity of Quranic inclusion in it are worthy of generating the aspirant of meanings every time you read In it the story .. not to mention the accuracy and compassion of the content, so that it can be said rightly that this story may not be read except for the special, as the common people can not get any of its meanings. . And he believed ... And finally, the biography of Ibn Al-Nafees, the author of the fourth text, called B Fadil Bin Nateq, as an opponent in the title and content of Ibn Sina&#39;s story. The four bots are impressive. And as for the texts ... it raises wonder more and more. In Ibn Sina’s text, it appears that he was influenced by Al-Farabi and without him .. Although there are some symbols in his story that I am not sure of my understanding of them as required, but it is an interesting story in the poetic language and its philosophical meanings… As for Ibn Tufail’s text .. it was a text Extremely beautiful, with his accurate language and lessons in philosophy and ways of thinking ... It is true that Hay Bin Yakdhan may be a fictional creature, but he is the example of a person who lived by common sense and learned everything with his mind, and not with another&#39;s mind. Then he got acquainted with Absal and learned on his hands the teachings of religion ... The philosophy of Ibn Tufail comes in this novel between the philosophy of Ibn Sina and between the philosophy of Ibn al-Nafis .. In Ibn al-Nafis text that is limited in the book to the literary part he lives completely on an island alone and learns as himself In the text of Ibn Tufail, except that when he meets other people, he escapes to them from his unity and remains with them .. The text of Ibn al-Nafis was primarily criticism and opposition to the text of Ibn Sina, and it seems that he did not take care of the literary side as his predecessors did until the story seemed very direct, Crediting for its introduction: In this letter, my intention is to crop what Fadil bin Nateq mentioned about the man named in full, regarding the Prophet’s biography And Sunan legitimacy, on the whole road, committed to leaving verbosity, and an exhibition Alagmad, and explaining the demands as much as possible, and a decent face .... However, the science and philosophy of Ibn al-Nafis often outline his text ... As for the western alienation, it is a very mystical text ... and how it is not and its author is the murdered Suhrawardi ... and therefore it is not permissible to read it except for the special, because the common people can not obtain any of its meanings. . .... when I read Ibn Tufail’s text while I was reading it for the first time, I felt unfair because I did not know about it before now..It is true that I used to hear the name, but nothing but the name .. and I felt the unfairness because it is not taught in our schools, but is not mentioned about it Something in the literature curriculum as I remember. So we are deprived of receiving these sciences and this heritage that we need so much so that we do not start from where the previous ones began ... And as Dr. Yusef Zaidan indicated, the first Arabic novel was not Zainab by Muhammad Hussein Heikal, but it was necessary that the text of Ibn Tufail should be presented as It is the first Arabic novel .. ... Reading this book makes me love our Islamic Arab heritage more and more, so thanks to Dr. Zaidan:
Comforts . Location, price, convenience, check-in and check-out. nothing
A wonderful book with its details, explaining a weak personality who loves Aziz, the jealous possessor. Aggressive, his personality I never love, but she loved him until she drowned and woke up when he married others. A wonderful book. She was sad with the heroine. She rejoiced with her and I liked it when Haifa spoke about Aziz, knowing that he does not deserve Jumana&#39;s love.
First and foremost: If you want to read this novel, take off the dress of greatness and forget that it has the biggest Arab award in the world of the novel. Second: After reading the novel, you will wish if you lived in that fateful era to protect religion, even if that led to your neck, or even if you ended as Hypatia ended after the novel, you will despise the Egyptians in this time and know that they are the root of this sectarian and religious conflict between sects. Third: The novel is somewhat boring, very interesting for anyone who likes to be stuck in the secrets of history .... Fourth: Do not be surprised if you loved twice or longed for Octavia&#39;s arms
A beautiful stay and a favorite to repeat .... Breakfast is varied and interest is high in calling the guest before and after the stay .. The lighting just needs to be changed to an orange color to give the room aesthetic feel.
. /. Initially, it deserves, but I am not much inclined to a group of anecdotal stories, I love novels more ... Secondly, I am still aware that the writer&#39;s style remained very sweet and in a shift, I liked the group very much and did not forget the moment of this, but the end was beautiful and I advise Professor Amr begin It composes a novel based on the wonderful ending, which is seriously an international end. Of course, I liked very much diagnosing psychological cases in each story and the profile to explain in a simple way and briefly explain this about the disease and its discoverer, its symptoms, its causes, all these words seriously, making you very enjoying and you are a reader and beneficiary Very, you read and greet the writer a thousand times over the genius end. Indeed, I liked the philosophy of Dr. Kamal Al Sharif and his view of very many things, and I sometimes felt that he had many times dealing with criminals and psychopaths, and he was very aware of diseases. He had doubts that he himself had mental illnesses ..
Every word in it bleeds sadly of love and the misery of lovers ... really cool
My last reading in Abdul Wahab Mutawe. Oooi made me happy
Excellent. . The reception staff
Wonderful. Hospitality upon arrival. The lighting is dim
A beautiful book with ideas for freedom to study, observe and follow in the present masses. The book focuses initially on describing the audience psychologically, as it introduces subjective characteristics that are not related to the nature, diversity, and difference of its components. The overall masses, whatever their components and their cultural and intellectual level, possess basic characteristics that they do not deviate from:. As the susceptibility to agitation, the dominance of subconscious emotions, impaired capacity for mental trial and influence of leaders and motors. It focuses heavily on the importance of the spirit of race, being the primary and most important factor in determining the beliefs of the masses and the differences among them. It is difficult to summarize the book’s ideas and analyze it to the masses here, but I may return later with a brief, brief summary that summarizes what I learned from it. But there is a strong tendency in the writer to emphasize the irrationality of the masses and that all world beliefs, the most important of which are religions, are nothing but emotional delusions driven by dynamic leaders with personality traits and impressive prestige. And that these ideas and beliefs exercise tyranny over the soul. I mentioned this point because I do not agree with most of it, but that does not deny that the ideas and analysis that the writer has done are beautiful, valuable, etc. It is interesting and not boring while reading it. And if I tend to put examples on all the doors and features mentioned to establish this concept as it is inductive
A book in an easy and simple style, fun to read
In this restaurant, you get a value meal equal to what you paid, unlike some other Chinese restaurants. They are over priced. The service is excellent. Decoration renovation
Sultan Al-Anazi. Overall, it was excellent, and the staff was wonderful and helpful .. On my first day, I woke up in the morning to the sound of Dril, they were doing maintenance in the basement of their word, and they apologized, and they started working in the afternoon, and it was less harmful and other than that. I noticed something worth mentioning .. Generally, I did not live in a hotel unless I got maintenance :
Amazing amazing
. Very beautiful. And supported with useful stories and quotes that degrade all aspects of the house, so we can consider them. In the midst of the tales beautiful and light jokes and laughter: paradoxes between husband and wife, lover and sweetheart. ... a genius
Secrets that we do not know in our life and are in our hands ..
How does a person believe after reading a similar story that he can forget the details, It enters every story afterward, mixing with your spirit, entering your feelings whenever you sit. You remember and meditate, wonderful, you are the story
Algeria, the great city of meaninglessness, the free bird, dear prostitute. Sad to the point of bitterness because a man erased this city, preceded me to this speech that I wished to be saying, and yet I am absolutely certain that I will not be safe from being hurt. Sons of the bitch, they will stick to me the accusation of this saying, and they do not know that they are raising me to a toxic world greater than me .. Let it be, they are like this, they spoiled their ages and blood waiting for the chances of offending. ...... amazing and amazing, with some reservation and a lot of awesomeness
Sex, prostitution, theft, drugs, murder, rape and misdemeanor A story full of events and bright description and drawing characters makes you think that you are watching an American action movie whose corners are complete, crime, dramatic love and unfinished love stories a new experience worth reading to the fullest extent and worthy Stars.
Tantourba, Tantura. And Radwa Ashour and will remain in every novel as it is Radwa. But the Granada trilogy is still the first in the heart. It is the first thing that I read for Radwa Ashour. And the first thing that I loved her. And the first place in my heart is among all the novels. Mentioning the Granada trilogy here, is it unfair to Al-Tantooriya? No, the beauty of Al-Tantooriya .. I felt from the beauty of Granada in my memory. :. Tantoorism. It was wonderful, rich and overwhelming with documentation, information and events ... I am from a generation that is ignorant of the issues of its Arab homeland, I am this generation that has been preoccupied with the issues of its homeland from Jerusalem ... I need to know the Palestinian cause truly. Chakra Radwa .. May God bless you and forgive you ...:. Here are some quotes. That stopped me. :. As if it is the last person on this earth. It is as if those who have passed on their story to reconstruct the land in their name and in the name of their stories. Or as if she was seeking in the world and they are setting her eyes to be satisfied with her and the little garden that they dreamed of perhaps planting .. It affects her flesh of a strange type, the fever of agriculture, wonderful cultivation outside the land, because the land was stolen and the cultivation became impossible except in the home space ...: . :. Your fear turns into a pernicious disease that it eats from your body every day until it comes to it. The shell flies you and kills you. And if your fear diminished the amount of an atom, and you did not rush to the stairs to the shelter or sit on the stairs away from the windows and balconies, the shell kills you in the blink of an eye, because the bombing means the street you live in, and perhaps the building in which you reside ...:. :. Memory does not kill. Painfully unbearable pain, perhaps. But as we endure it, it turns from swirls that pull us to the bottom of the sinking to a sea in which we swim. Cut distances. We judge him and dictate our will to him ... on the paper of the expelled from Tantura Palestine. Also, Radwa Ashour portrayed her novel in Al Tantori.
The . The rooms are excellent and large areas.
A book is one of the most beautiful things I have read with the book, it is difficult to communicate it other than when I used to read novels but rather a book and it affects me in this way for me the first time you get it in the end, I am not the one who will hold a book at this level because I have real needs that I did not understand and that I enjoyed in its rich Arabic language Jaddah .. Although from the foreground knowing that she died, but when she reached the end she really suffered and was affected by her death, I was living with her details of her life, which is her writers .. a book that moved many feelings ... all this is not an evaluation of the book, I really do not know, I speak with my feelings But the one who senses it. I express the expression here. It is possible to keep silent in the campus of beauty God bless you, for cooing:. The stars are not because of the needs that I do not understand. It means the defect in my understanding. I am not in the book, but he deserves the. I certainly cannot do it but I am loyal. A wonderful person with a pure spirit, may God have mercy on her
Wonderful. A beautiful place facing the sea, for rest and relaxation, I would recommend booking. nothing
she said to me. It delivers fun and creativity. Peace be upon you luck I got from her with the sound of the bogey ball. My point of view : . A pretty idea that really addresses a terrible social problem. The narration is gorgeous, fun and exciting. Easter language is impressive. Exciting unexpected ending. Good psychology and philosophy as I have not understood
As if in things attributed to the Commander of the Faithful, God honored his face? I mean, from Mutanabi. Or all there is to it, it is just a coincidence and coming up with ideas?
These kinds of novels, especially those that must be read at least once in a lifetime. As you read the novel, you will know how magic began in this world .. How Lucifer came down and taught him the first magician in history who is Nimrod ... Then you will know how magic was popularized in the people of Babylon until their magic became the rule of evil .. And you will know how God revealed Harut and Marut to teach people magic The counterpart .. Then you will know how God sent the great prophet Solomon all the magic .. and you will see how the jin defrauded and buried the books of magic and demonic sciences under his throne and then after more than a thousand years Satan Bafumet descended to nine French Jewish knights and told them where the magic and science books were written and extracted from them and be after they extracted Organization was the richest organization in Europe, Knights Knights Organization Which changed its name later to the organization of Freemasonry, which was organized by the mother who branched out many of the organizations and other confidential will know that the most important achievement of the organization&#39;s achievements was the establishment of the State of America. After you finish the novel, you will know at the end the great purpose of Freemasonry, which is building Solomon&#39;s holy temple in the Promised Land and why they wanted it so hard
Exceptional. Everything is beautiful and comfortable. Its network is almost non-existent in the basement
About me and myself the first time I read this author. Indeed, I found it distinctive, radiant and creative in every sense of the word. The title attracted me and its pages grabbed me more. As for the most important lines that stopped me and misled them, I read them carefully: every political dish in the region, America prepares it, Russia burns under it, Europe cools it, Israel eats it, and the Arabs wash the dishes. The author excelled in description, expression and very analogy here and memorized these lines for the intensity of her eloquence in expressing the reality of the situation .. In this book, we will find the writer distinguished by the diversity of style, subtraction, subject matter, unity of purpose and significance, I liked the multiplicity of his stations and his smooth transition between them and enjoyed his sarcastic simulations of the political situation in the Arab countries .. But I also found some stations as if they were very repetitive and not saturated with their independence.
Wonderful stay. The hotel is excellent after the last renovation.
good. Excellent versus value. nothing
good. Swimming pool and hotel location. Wi-Fi access only the room
good. . The price is high for the duration
An amazing start, able to penetrate the details of the finite characters in accuracy with an unfortunately weak end
A vibrant journey from the ancient bar to the court of prestige and reverence, both artificial and fake dipped in the water of impure swamps to drunk everyone with a false ecstasy, the characters are drawn with a very high professionalism and all come to life as if they are real jumps before your eyes, frankly the author is a writer of a very high caliber, I was the first time I heard about him Or read to him, I apologize for this negligence on me, and I promise to read all your works. Greetings to you, Professor Ashraf Ashmawi
This book was the key to my knowledge of Mahmoud Darwish
Wonderful. The resort Khoravi Maybe has. Rooms Its design is self-contained. I took rooms in hotels of lower standard than this resort, but it was sweeter
good. Very clean and quiet. The rooms are incredibly small, out of place especially for those who want to go to Dubai
Very good . Good in the general sense, but the internet is weak in suites and speed is not suitable for wings. Al Diyafa coffee is not the only required
Uncle Naguib and enough
A group of articles for Dr. Abdel Karim Bakkar ..
Excellent hotel. The price for a night barrier was in dirhams, including taxes, cleaning, and services. External parking and heavy traffic sometimes happens in front of the hotel, hindering you from leaving
I think I have not read a book so quickly before :: a page in less than days and not in normal circumstances, but after a break in reading that lasted for months, I may not have finished a whole book of this size or less a year ago. At the beginning of the reading, I did not pay attention except on the page. Another type of book was this my first era. Novels. I wish there would be enough for us in this art without violations. And as Abu Haroun said :: Five hundred pages of pain .... and it is not without trouble in legal matters. This story is cloudy.
A person may turn from a demon to an angel if he gives him a helping hand and gives what he did not expect from trust .. The story of Jean Valjean is the story of instinct that has been contaminated to fill the hunger of poverty so people rejected and chased her except that a white hand extended to her and woke her from her negligence so that she woke up and formed Meaning of humanity in the form of an angel .. an influential story in which love, sacrifice, courage, freedom and humanity came together.
Excellent. The whole hotel is scented with exquisite scents, and the breakfast buffet is varied, tasty and of high quality.
Beautiful and sad ... the fall of the caliphate ... the loss of Palestine ... I felt that it was a difficult time ...
Excellent. The reception staff are very nice..the hotel is very beautiful. The price is rather high
The walls of silence are a reading of the individual civil rights in Saudi Arabia. I got this book on the first day of the Riyadh Book Fair. On the evening of the same day, author Walid Al-Majed announced the withdrawal of the book from the exhibition. At first, I was amazed to raise a reading in civil rights, as the title says, the sensitivity of anyone, any one, but reading the book showed me The book has not become a problem dealt with prevention as usual .. The book is divided into three different sections, the first section is its weakest, and it deals with basic human rights, the right to housing, the right to treatment, the right to education, the right to work, and I considered the section weak because it was structurally free from any statistics Or studies that support the material and give it depth, even if the section is not devoid of conflict A real pity for the author in pointing to the problems, which is the courage that accompanied him throughout the book ... The second section was devoted to Al-Majed for the rights of the accused, as he dealt in nine chapters with the rights that we consider intuitive for any accused, but unfortunately they are not often applied, in serious violation of the rights of the poor accused, who faces lonely devices It is not acceptable for him to confront them, unless this legal culture is entrenched in society, and the security authorities are obligated to follow the procedures stipulated by laws and regulations that ensure that the accused is treated on the basis of innocence, and that he is investigated with him in a way that guarantees his rights, and also ensures that he is released after the end of the investigation period, If he is not charged, it is K. If I say things that seem to us to be intuitive in any system that seeks justice and applies it firmly ... The third section was devoted to the rights of women, and launched a strong campaign in which it addressed the painful situation of Saudi women, in terms of the right to fairness, the right to equality, the right to protection from violence, and the right to reject guardianship. And the right to work, and finally the right to a mahram during the investigation, which unfortunately violates the rights, and the author has presented the reality of some cases that have suffered great injustice in this aspect, and whoever follows the public affairs in Saudi Arabia in recent years when the media has published what was hidden can enumerate a group of Painful cases in which violence against women was practiced, not regulations and powers Nin and security authorities firm enough to intervene and save the wretched women&#39;s privacy lawsuits and the protection of the family .. The book is very important, one of the books that included the reader Aktaibah space earth-shattering, getting worse for a long days.
Very cool . Everything was great. I thank Brother Hossam at the reception.
A realistic novel for Egyptian society, the style is beautiful ... easy language. And the end is tragic
Exceptional. Everything was great. nothing
Once again, my son, this sea, which bears witness to all conditions of the labyrinth that I have suffered from .. He is the one who carries you today to your last exile ... I was in Rome, the son of the African and you will be in Africa, the son of the Roman .. Wherever I will, some of them will wish to explore your skin and prayers, Be careful not to tickle their instinct Japanese, and be careful not to give in to the burden of the crowd ... as a Muslim, Jew or Christian, they have to satisfy you as you are ... or lose you ... And do not hesitate to move beyond all seas ... to beyond all homelands and beliefs ..
good. Calm and cleanliness. Non-responsiveness of employees
Wonderful. Overall an excellent hotel. Cold unbalanced toilets water with unstable hot answers disease
Perfect business hotel close to Taksim Square I stayed in a hotel for three nights. The hotel has a very good location, close to Taksim Square, where there are many restaurants, shops and tourist places. But I didn&#39;t like the view from my room, which was on the first floor. The rooms are ok and I feel good for sleeping at night. Wi-Fi was free, had acceptable bandwidth, and was available throughout the hotel including the spa / pool area in the building. On the ground floor of the hotel there is a steak restaurant which is prepared in the morning for breakfast. Breakfast is included in the room rate, which consists of a variety of foods.
Not long ago, I retired from reading Arabic novels because my belief is that the art of the story is not Arab, so there is a rare Arab modern narrator who mastered this art in my opinion. My Lord, and in view of our Islamic values, many writers are anxious to engage in some matters that may be a reason perhaps in planting an idea or an opinion that contradicts our teachings .. I did not find in this account any of what I feared, as the writer stopped on some matters with a hint that did not express what I gained Realism, allowing the reader to imagine what is forbidden. I could not leave the novel since I started reading it today until I finished it a little while ago, and this is an indication, in my view, that it is an interesting novel, because of its approach to our social life. I may have some reservations about what was contained in it, but it does not violate the content. We may change the names of countries if we want to change the lives of some of those who suffer From this bitter reality. Perhaps the writer used a new method of writing as the reader thinks it is translated as it happened to me and it is not
Excellent. The location of the hotel. The breakfast is very bad and the level of the breakfast is not appropriate for the level of the five-star hotel and the Wi-Fi is very, very weak.
Exceptional. Reception, parking, hospitality, espresso, quiet transportation to the campus, furniture, breakfast. There is no king bed, no room in the Asian restaurant, no aromatic scents in the rooms and hallways
Exceptional. Everything deal, hygiene and services.
Great, and I thought of Khairy Shalaby&#39;s account of sleep and sleep
business trip . Everything is nice, resting, eating, sleeping. When I asked for a delay to stay until an hour, the receptionist told me that he would inform his manager and then inform me of the result and was surprised by another call from the reception asking me to go out and asked the same first request and he told me the same thing as his colleague said this is not a style and I did not like it did not like me and I will not go to this hotel again and God is the conciliator
Very fun, and although he is more than a century old, that is, before the advent of television, for example, he carries illuminations that are still valid despite all the changes
Qushtumur ... The place is the hero of the first novel .. Qusmtur, in which friends meet over a lifetime ... I liked the narrative method and their seventy years of friendship:. Jamil Awi The political events that we knew from the novel, even though the pace of events is fast .. Wonderful depicting the lives of friends in childhood, youth and the pyramid also:. Likewise, love, marriage, and politics, despite their different sects, did they respect this difference well .. their love for reading, standing next to those in distress as if they were all the owners of the ordeal and not only this individual ... I read this narration in a very long time that is never appropriate With its short size and whenever I read some papers, I pray to God. Our friendship remains with me and my companions until the end of our lifetimes, as in the novel ... In the problem of Ma’aya in the novel, which is friendly, and before that Miramar and chatter on the Nile, after the novel was concluded with a sense that I am. I forgot the names of the heroes, and sometimes I am working there, and I return to say I see in the previous pages Maine Da:. In all, a very good novel, and the most beautiful start of what I read for Mahfouz, then I read the honorable and it was a masterpiece.
Excellent. Close to all services, available in the apartment, the restaurant is clean, there is a mosque nearby, clean apartments, two-room apartments, one of which is open on the hall, no kitchen. The presence of maintenance work in front of the hotel, there are no parking spaces for smoking
Wonderful. Yeah. The problem with the delay in preparing the room because we waited an hour and a half at reception.
Beautiful times with a beautiful company. What I liked most about the hotel is the good cooperation of employees with customers, especially the reception staff. The hotel is very quiet. It is far from the crowd of the city. Therefore, I recommend renting the hotel car.
Of the most wonderful or less than the smartest of what I read ... Amin Maalouf has excelled in analyzing the political and social reality of the last ten years of the twentieth century. Deadly identities or taming the cheetah as he would have liked to have addressed and wished that an act provided a view of the persecuted who had gone to terrorism without formulating excuses for their bloody actions. Note: I hope that someone who has read it without the writer’s faith does not get carried away by his involuntary bias towards Christianity at the expense of Islam.
good. Proximity to the sanctuary. Upon check-in, the delay was due to the fact that the rooms were not ready.
The hotel overall is excellent. The hotel is excellent and close to the Dubai Mall, the airport, and Sheikh Zayed Road. The staff treated the area calmly. nothing
A beautiful book in which there are many lessons that we can benefit from in our lives and a good motivator to think about reorganizing our lives for the better and in an orderly way and that moving away from the noise of our lives a little may be useful
This work is undoubtedly a masterpiece. I cannot even describe it.
However, if most contemporary writers have impeded Al-Rafii and overlooked and forgot his affiliation, a new generation is about to extend its authority to a creeping, creeping authority that does not prove anything in front of it, and that day .... And then the hostilities go with their owners, these floating bubbles are extinguished, the ash fades, and the face of the truth is saved . .... and that day .... and that day the word of God rises ... This is what Al-Arian concluded his book, and it truly summarizes the lack of appreciation and dumping in the ash of the Emir of the Arabic statement .. This book is considered one of the truest books that dealt with Al-Rafii’s life as a writer, lover, husband, father, worker, fighter and religious scholar ..... He is the face The invisible life of Al-Rafei, which no person can complete the image of Al-Rafei literature without looking at it ... Exposes many aspects that are hidden from the life of the Imam, may God have mercy on him ... on his love, love, wars, hopes and pain .... God bless his soul ... Had it not been for him, many Arab literature would have died, and the Holy Qur’an would have been stabbed in his language, and it was at a time when the store had a lot and the Qur’an .... lived poor and died in secret ..... and The people of his time knew the capacity of ... Al-Rifai, as Sheikh al-Shaarawi says, may God have mercy on him.
An interesting novel .. Details of the events and their sequence are beautiful .. Although the end was very ordinary, but it is a novel worth reading
Wonderful. The presence of the hotel near restaurants and the sea, and I thank Brother Ahmed at the reception for his good handling and his screen. Logging in was not as fast as required
At least five stars, no less. The book, and its philosophical ideas, included wealth, and revolution in Islam, between the spirit of the East and the materialism of the West. Going forward to the explorations of the spirituality and the logical logic of materialism, he reconfigured concepts to their proper forms, how the balance is necessary between the universes and the wilds, which represent two main poles in this universe, and how Islam balanced between materialism and spiritual Christianity. A translated version of Muhammad Yusuf Adas is very special due to his studies related to philosophy, so the translation was without distortion and added value that is more evident through his valuable additions to the margins of commenting, responding and increasing the clarification. I recommend very, very, very, very much, to read it needs great focus and understanding and I will read it again after reading the references that the book replied in order for the image to be complete so I read from it not about it
Great services. Hotel services. Cleanliness
I was surprised and did not wait for all the boredom that I used to reach:
I used to extract myself from the pages of this book until I finished it, and I went through various cases of pleasure, laughter, sadness, anger, and despair. With it, it is true to say that the hadith has divisions, ramifications and labyrinths that make you wonder how this branched out so much, from colonialism, Orientalism, evangelization, and the Dunlop system that aims to assassinate a nation Entire Arabic, and to the date of the call to the colloquial language, and what is the language What are the words What are the meanings What is the word, and what are those symbols and terms that we use without knowing what is behind them, to many of the statement of this inattention applied to us and that the great colonial powers Preparing to swoop on us as k This was stated in the margins a lot in the fact that these articles were written a year two years before the setback or not of a respondent, to much of the defense of the Messenger from the absurdity that he writes about him even from the sons of Islam, all these branches let alone address the dementia of Louis Awad, which this book revolves around in The original and the source, and that it is one of the ignorant of God Almighty’s creation to understand the language, i.e. any language, and his gross mistakes in the correct reading of the meanings of the word, in sound logical thinking and in his ignorance of the meanings of symbols and words, from his hostility to Islam, from the lightness of mind and the weight of blood, and from his translation that is unparalleled in the recklessness of the play of Aristotle It is his response to the interpretation of a verse in the Qur’an lied about His statement was attributed to the old interpreters while he was the only one who bore its burden, and Mahmoud Muhammad Shaker could not respond to him had he not held the position of cultural advisor to Al-Ahram newspaper itself, so lost the literature at that time because the press is the one who creates and does not direct only the views, so our teacher Abu Fahr Al-Ahram frequently in this book by excluding this preacher the false supplication from the chair of the Literature page in Al-Ahram, and presented in recent articles that many do not differentiate between objective and personal criticism after some articles that claimed that he was crossed and attacked reached him, so he presented to his method of using these characteristics in The description of this human is that it is not safe L say on the face of it without evidence, but whoever hears, he entered the prison unjustly. So, before Shawqi said: Stand up without your opinion about life, striving ... that life is a belief and a struggle. Then, Nizar said: The prophets were crucified for the sake of opinion, so why should not the poets be crucified. This book is an integrated life, finished on this last page :. Then the doors closed on the third of Jumada al-Akherah in the year of August, a year, and the walls surrounded me, and the world was darkened, and I heard, and I saw, and I was dismayed, and it was disgusting ... It was what I was .. and I knew, even what I asked one of the knowledge of one to increase it. And I gave up everything that was said by the Sheikh of Ma`ra: They make things up without a mind, and they execute them, and politicians say. Fife of life, and more than me and the time of his presidency sensitive. . May God reward you, the highest paradise, O Abu Fahr and Fahr, born by the way this year, after Abu Fahr wrote about half of this book.
Great views, friendly owner and staff. This is a great value and I stayed here for a week in January. Excellent location, the owner and crew were really friendly, and they were doing their best to help with anything and to make you feel very welcome. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and if you have any problems, they are promptly solved, the breakfast was good, and the food and drinks available at the hotel are good, beautiful value. I booked multiple trips through the hotel and it was excellent, as there is an excellent driver and guide named Ahmed, who knows what he should know. We went on a hot air balloon flight arranged by Mohamed the owner of the hotel, and it was great. This was our first visit to Egypt, and we feel that we could not have chosen a better place than this. We highly recommend going down here, but if you want something luxurious five-star expensive, not for ordinary people, you often have to look for one of the big hotels in the East Bank it is not for us. We will definitely stay at the Obelisk Hotel again. The hotel is very close to all the tourist places that can be reached quickly and easily. It takes a few minutes to walk to the east bank, and it costs only one Egyptian pound for one Egyptian pound. No hassle on board, everyone is polite. When you get off the ferry, you are almost in front of the Luxor Temple.
Exceptional. The beds are very comfortable, the sleep in general is beautiful, and the room atmosphere in general is excellent. The location is somewhat difficult to find, Wi-Fi is very expensive at almost dirhams, but the staff was helpful and gave me a free subscription for the length of stay.
The lady from Tel Aviv returned to the Palestinian novel a bit of modernity, using the novel in its positive form and giving the spirit to the text, resurrected within the novel from a place and time, and opened the songs on a bleak night. I rejoice the moon ... The beautiful thing in the novel is the quad-painted writer. Al-Dahman, who impersonated him, painted a fleeting picture like a shadow in flirting with the other and analyzing Dana Ahova closely. The novel is unique. The ability to enter the Hebrew language gave a beautiful meaning, as if the writer wanted to say that peace is possible and decent living for the two peoples is possible, and that the state of siege and the time and place that followed confirmed the writer&#39;s ability to understand the talents of the Palestinian character, or perhaps Gazans, and his ability To infer peace from within them
Exceptional. Everything is excellent and close to restaurants, supermarkets, pharmacy, metro station and taxi station are always available and there is absolutely no inconvenience. There is no
Perhaps the stories of the sad orange land have a feature that I have not found in other Ghassan Kanafani books that I have read, even a book belonging to Haifa, men, and rifles. This feature is the living environment of the story, as if the cages just come out of an oven .. I wrote some stories a year and maybe before that, i.e. ten years before the occupation, deportation and displacement. Perhaps, therefore, the reader feels that he is in the boxes of apples, oranges and olives, and he hears the sound of guns from every direction, and sees a long line from the rest, and a small lake of blood of odors. The pictures of their accuracy are a bit of a sting, and the names have given up on their metaphor, and they have become more real than the name of the reader and writer. Everything is surprisingly real, alive, terrifying and violent. A page that seemed heavy to me not to make but to its horrors, I used to read and sip the water sometimes I do not exaggerate and I play the air sometimes other .. It is not surprising then, that when I arrived at the last story the land of sad orange I was exhausted, and when I read the last phrase and when we arrived in Sidon in The times have become refugees. I admit, I was caught in a hot, jerky cry.
Exceptional. Location close to Al Haram, free parking available, fast service, and you will strongly recommend it. Breakfast is normal
good. . Failure to respond quickly upon request to anything.
Excellent. Service and hygiene. The lobby is small
Wonderful. Do not look at its external appearance ,, the interior is completely different ,, the rooms are spacious and clean and the price is totally attractive at SAR per night .. all the stores you want under the hotel .. the hotel is on Macaroni Street a main street ... no kettle ..
A lot of jin was the last masterpiece of Al-Otoum. A novel that contains many meanings and expressions that reveal the trade-off between gin and humans. And places
A book deserves to be read more than a wonderful account of Palestine and there is an article in the book that I think summarized its diamonds. The Palestinians paid the price of the massacres that occurred to the Jews and I think it is the most beautiful saying I wrote about the suffering of the Palestinian people. I liked her father’s culture very much, and when the earth said it and all its dependents could be robbed, but no one can take your knowledge from you, how wonderful it is to admit that it is possible for the Jewish community to take everything, but it will not take its knowledge, I will not take its feeling that this country may rob the land, but it will not resist the resistance. Semen is a very important part. I cannot tell her that Jamal’s life has been stolen to give a word through him later meaning for this word in it. I cannot say that the child who carried him, fed him and loved him is buried inside the word its new form of smile. Jamal and his two big ears. I think that Palestine has given many words with meaning other than the word Cross it like resisting, not giving in, and self-sacrificing. Some of the quotes I liked. We are all born of our newest greatest treasures that we can obtain in life. One of these treasures is your mind and the other is your heart and time and health are two tools that are indispensable to these treasures. What you do to develop yourself and human assistance indicates how much you appreciate this blessing from God. Injustice. In my attempts to maintain my balance, I walked in life, rocked by the uncertainty of learning to reconcile with the present by cutting off the strings of love of the past without knowing me, as I grew up in an atmosphere of impromptu dreams and national aspirations, just everything seemed abstract to me, nothing can be seen as No brother or homeland remains. I can explain this, but the glass covering the flap may break, and nothing works. Compassion was a luxury we cannot afford
Epic in the full sense of the word. A lot of great meanings, courage, pride, nose, justice and love of good for people. It mixed with the meanings of betrayal, humiliation, self-love and ego. Ibrahim Nasrallah created again. He painted the people and events and drowned in the details of the cities of northern Palestine, the majestic, in the creativity of his counterpart
Wonderful blood
Very excellent for those who have the purpose of the outskirts of Riyadh. The reception, courteousness, and hospitality were a plate of fruit, chocolate, and Arabic coffee. There is no
In the sense that the largest. Laila Al-Juhani. The first time I read to the writer, on the recommendation of a friend, but I do not know when I postponed my readings to her, perhaps I was more hesitant to read that she would not differentiate from another tragedy vulgar .. I liked the name of the book, so I preferred to start with it ... The book was a surprise to me. In our cultural milieu, the author of his biography presented in a literary form in this beautiful, sincere, and transparent manner .. The pictorial language was honesty, spontaneity and spontaneity in which the writer&#39;s spirit manifested ... and if I had contented myself with a wonderful and sufficient comment .. he would have been informed in the description and incitement to read the book.
Beautiful stay. The hotel is beautiful and clean, its location is excellent, and the food is delicious in the hotel restaurant. The attention was before arrival and after going from the hotel, thank the reception staff for the warm hospitality, and a special thanks to the sister, Hephora, for my next trip, I would choose the same hotel. The reception does not speak Arabic
Excellent. First, the hotel staff dealt with guests and visitors, very sophisticated, and their reception very beautiful, in addition to the cleanliness of the racks are a high degree of cleanliness .. The prices of shaving in the hotel salon are exaggerated, as I was shaved and added to me some creams for the face in the amount of riyals n and this amount is very exaggerated Very, since I agreed with him on the phone that I would shave my heart and told me Real and agreed to that and after I finished shaving I gave it to him and he said no amount because I added some creams to you.
A beautiful book Ui. We will present ideas objectively. Some of Freud&#39;s irrational thoughts are criticized. My problem with him: The third chapter is difficult and complex, and it contains many complicated terms that are possible due to translation. However, he is very similar to some of the ideas of CS Lewis, the four beloved parts, knowing that CS Lewis, author of the book, almost years ago. He will go on with ideas without what he organizes, even though he talks in Chapter Four about our great need for order in our lives.
A very beautiful novel. She loved it. Because it is very romantic and at the same time of a religious nature she was able to communicate the message in a beautiful and convincing way by quoting verses and hadiths. And the style of the writer is the most beautiful because it is distinguished by the lawsuit ... hard, a great novel. May God grant you success:
Finally, I found a book on the art of creativity ... This is not a trick ... I actually did what I read a book on art ... and finally I found it. His village is in minutes, but I think about it a lot .. and in his words. This is not poetry .. and his age will not be frank .. but it is better ... The drawings are two stars .. They were really expressive of words. And there are two stars because he smiled because he smiled despite his saying ... and whoever does not know the art of innovation, read this .. and he will understand:. : //. . / / .... And away from any need .. I did not believe you and I am a cow in the book. The lyrics of this song. : //. / / .... I was stunned frankly: but whatever it was .. it was really ... a pill that came back to one’s soul:
good. . The family suite does not have a living room as agreed upon, and also having one bathroom for the suite is not enough
Exceptional. The hotel is very beautiful and the location is beautiful.
Masterpiece . As a novel worth reading. As a novel worth reflecting:. And a novel ... has much more meanings than some books can contain
Ah ... my generation of betrayals. What a commission generation. What a waste generation. And prostitution. It will invade you, no matter how slow history is. Stone children ..
Excellent . Cleanliness. Capacity. the service.
The place is close to the sanctuary and the expansion of King Eid Allah. The room and Suhoor meal. Reception staff
I did not find anything else to express this genius .. As if the writer returned to what he had written and removed everything except the strange in his rhetoric, language and depth .. I do not know how the writers stand in front of this giant. I was puzzled whenever I said to myself: This deserves the quote that caught my attention. Camel I wrote to quote, all .. But I choose this: Love is love only a eagerness that wastes its roar in the blood; and the eagerness of love was not created the first thing that was created except in the mother’s heart over her child, whom he tarnished and longed for, and he will not save it to the world except this heart itself. The child may be two days old, but his mother&#39;s eagerness for him and keeping it safe for her is keeping her eyes, making for him a long life that he can resist with the normal fate for him in its theaters. Otherwise, these destinies would destroy him, as every child who neglected his caregivers had destroyed him. For the mother&#39;s eagerness for her child was as if it were a number of years in the body of this child. Because in the lover always with his sweetheart is the greatest meanings of childhood, and in the lover always with her beloved are the smallest meanings of motherhood .. The mother’s love in the name is like a tree: it is planted from a weak stick, then it still has curiosity and its effects, and it is still able to have its roots and extend its branches until a tree is complete After her paper counter died nights and days .. and love of lovers is like the fruit: the sooner you grow, the sooner it ripens, and the more it captures You pick, but forget the lips that were tasted by that long history of earth, sun and water in the tree .. There is no pleasure in the tree, but it is with the rest, and it is the product; there is no survival of the fruit, but on that it is the sweet, which is delicious, and it is Singing in its name .. And so the man: Satan seduced him in the sky with one fruit, so God forgot us alive, and he seduced love on earth with another fruit, so the mother forgot with her sometimes.
Exceptional. Frankness is a beautiful place. There is no
Look ... Pain ... I accept. Forgive yourself and others ... start again. True love is you. And true recovery only comes from within you. The book explains the precise psychological meanings in a very simplified manner and in the Egyptian colloquial. Reaching the reader easily and conveniently. I strongly recommend reading this book not only for those suffering from mental illness but for every person who seeks to reach maturity and psychological awareness. The truth is that we all need an honest journey with oneself under the guidance of specialists in the psychological field and with books that communicate deep psychological meanings easily like this wonderful book.
Comfort and calm. The hotel is awesome and I would recommend visiting it. nothing
. The credit is all due to the abilities that God has bestowed upon her, as it is due to her teacher Ann Solfan who gave her life to teach Helen the life matters, the nature of things, and her long patience. Also strong desire in. Learning for Helen helped her teacher a lot.
Boring at first ... fun afterwards to the extreme
A beautiful, upscale and practical watch, waterproof, I never take it off my hands, youth, its price is appropriate with its luxury and quality and it is enough that it is made by Casio, I advise it to my friends
Beautiful and wonderful hotel. A spacious junior suite that gives total comfort, seventh floor.
very good . Furniture, hygiene and reception staff are great. There are no bus connections for the campus or parking, the delivery to the laundry and the grocery store is not all the time, I mean, depending on the employee&#39;s space.
Style as a style..great. Things open with you inside. But the novel was almost purely romantic. And I do not like that. Even the political inclusion of the parts in it. It did not appear in the splendor of which I got accustomed of dreams. Four points of style for similes. For moments, true love, unconcerned in the novel
Regular and organized. . Lack of cooperation
One of the most amazing things I read ... I felt that the writer is trying to address my generation, the generation that does not depend on specific ideologies ... the generation that does not get drawn into the myths of this and that and who threw everything behind its back to unite against injustice and corruption and who is sure of his acumen and awareness of its human and social types and who are interested The only one that is built from the stones of justice, tolerance and love
A novel worthy of five stars. The novel is very interesting, interesting, its events are fast, not filling. Mix the past and the fall of Andalusia with the present and real information about the Vatican Library that contains it. Many of the ancient books and rare manuscripts have been placed under a very strict system. And the observation and order explained by the writer at his length, and yet he steals the Book of Destinies in an amazing way. The danger of this book lies in that it is an unusual book, some of its pages contain an ancient Greek and Arab incomprehensible, and the rest of the white pages are white in which something was written. With his right hand, i.e. as if you were writing your destiny with your hand. What is the effect of this book on the protagonists and how will they deal with it, and is it a book of fate, deception and great illusion? This is what you would know if I read the novel
A fantasy that explains peace. everything is OK. The Internet with a subscription
A book of the most wonderful reading in prison literature I used to watch the book as they strive to transfer their books to the soul of the reader ... except that for the first time I am watching a writer who succeeds in transferring the reader himself to between the pages of his book and the bitter reality of people living with us on the same planet This may be due to his professional cinematography. I lived with the narrator for two days, which I could not leave except for necessity, despite my reservations about some of the words used in the street, which could have been dispensed with, but it remains one of the most important researches that dive into the depths of the human soul to overcome the tragedy of imprisonment, torture, abuse, pain, death, cruelty and atrocity, to reach you To new aspects of the human soul that we do not know, what comes after torture? What after life Muta? What is inside the frozen human relationships? . From the weeping party that passed through me during my reading of this book, I completed the book and did not know what country or the Arab system the author is talking about. I thought it was Egypt, but after discovering the author, I discovered that he is Syrian.
The hotel is great and the service is super. Cleanliness. The hotel&#39;s lack of agreement to extend the stay in the hotel at the same price that I booked and their insistence on changing the price for more than my means and I was hoping to increase the number of days of the visit, but your refusal forced me to end the visit and cut off the vacation and return I hope you need to pay attention to this point. Thank you
A strange novel. I had a flip-flop like a hard sport. Her language and style are simple but very interesting. The content of the novel was to make me wear:. Unfortunately, the writer after her did not produce anything at the same level, but perhaps it is possible
Sometimes, even false talk of development. Realistic and logical words, and this is what I always like about Dr. Sharif
Seventeen novels in one novel. A complete building created by Rabie Jaber with its apartments, seven floors, a spacious roof, and its residents, both indigenous and displaced. The bromine, which is the name of the building, refers to what I, as a Palestinian reader, can benefit intellectually through this work. The Lebanese Civil War, from an implied point of view, the Lebanese Civil War as a catastrophe also affected others: calamities in Christian homes, the three brothers martyrs on the windows of their sister&#39;s car, which hides her Muslim husband in her bleak apartment. Colette Zaghloul, who came out and did not return, Raymond, who is having sex with Catherine Harb in the Holiday, before his fall and the rest of the hotels in the two-year war. Storming in Za`tar and many others .. The novel is exhausting, but it is valuable and useful.
Representing events and seeing them with the mother’s headmaster was a brilliant idea. The truth, it does not come white nor easily so often tries. One of their blackouts, ignorance of something means more opportunity to play on. Minds The novel does not include Russia alone, but includes. All of the world&#39;s most vulnerable classes, the ones that drain. Its energies are for positions and greed, although these classes may reject freedom for fear, and this is a strong factor after ignorance. The social classes are a recognized thing, but there is no acknowledged slavery that means that you work for me because you are less, not because you need, to judge against you not because you are a thief, but because you are from a lower class, No matter how the throats shout, there will remain a defeated layer that thinks that everyone&#39;s life is like this and does not think about changing .. The writer is successful in the dialogues, and I was often surprised by his description of the characters in terms of length and color of the eyes, etc. I do not know, but he made the life of the mother and her companions simple, beautiful. Such goals teach us how to have honey in the midst of gallantry, and it is one of the stories that I have never predicted.
A wonderful book from a Coptic writer that surpassed many Muslims in understanding the exploits of the Messenger of God, may God bless him and grant him peace,
Excellent by all standards, watts per minute
The first novel I complete reading in one session without going beyond a word, line or chapter. A novel that deserves to be said about it. Realism mixed with imagination .... needs great focus ... It talks about the struggle of good and evil ... the struggle of truth and falsehood ... our struggle with ourselves ... the struggle of thought. Linking the present ... to the past ... to the future was amazing. I was lost between different worlds and I could not determine at what time the story occurred because it is truly valid for every time and place. There is always a city that breaks the laws and sank, and there is always a ship that can save them
Beautiful .. flawed in the manipulation of bookings. I liked the calm. The bed is very bad
A play that makes you remember that you have a lord that appreciates the things of life and is not in vain
good. . I don&#39;t know what their problem is with the Czechs
The book summarizes the stages of dealing with emotions so that you can understand them and deal with them and understand the message that these emotions deliver. The author focused on the fact that emotions are not the ones that make us happy or sad for example, but rather they are a message that communicates to us, according to the lens through which we look at things and values Our concepts are the lens through which we view reality and what is going on.
Any secret I do not know. All your secrets tempt. . The fairy tale of Dr. Ghazi Al-Qossabi is the first thing I read to him. A novel, sorry, funny and beautiful story. There is more than one situation I laughed at. Dari conversations attracted me with Qandish, with a lot of information. I read it in about one session. Of course, after you got rid of it, you will be more curious about this world like me. God bless you, Ghazi Abdul Rahman Al-Qossabi
Great hotel. The cleanliness, location of the hotel, breakfast and spacious rooms are excellent. The hotel is next to Hamarain Market and all services are close to the hotel.
Sanaa Dhabyan Jordan writes:. The president .. for the enemy. I have never written about a novel that I have read, and this does not mean that what I have read many .. The novel often passes to you the idea, sweetened, summarized in a dramatic form that passes through a series of events so that you will be present in mind and affection together .. And while I search for an idea I always try to avoid emotion .. I am not looking for her in a novel. Simply provoking emotion provokes in us a strong spirit of faith or disbelief with this idea, and this is somewhat dangerous unless you are armed with the power of thought and the ability to separate it from your emotion and your emotions .. Perhaps when I finished the President’s account, which charged my emotions and my passion with violence I felt a great excitement .. But he Positive .. It is not necessary for me to take a position or believe in something, but it dictates to me in a coercive way that I pursue the search openly to close those open answers in which the enemy indicated me at the beginning of the thread and then said follow yourself .. The enemy in all lines of his narration is very prepared for the movement .. he In a constant movement .. very active in turning people and the idea of turning times and The places are amazing when the description takes him to a place or because he feels that he is permissible, considering that he is the narrator that makes you live with him that situation brilliantly .. I look at him when he describes the outlets of letters .. The description made him a conversation between himself and himself in reference to his real presence in the novel or made you see it your way. I look at him when he kidnaps you in the dialogues between the various personalities that he presented to us from Ghada This mature beginning that required deep, strong questions waiting to knock the ax until you extract it from its box ... and the ax is not knocked except by a young thought that takes it strongly ... this Ghada which comes as the beginnings as big as the past Explosive to research .. This comes from the depth of Baghdad from the depth of truth and essence. Ghada, who asks him, does not give him the answer, but guides him in order to search while his eager soul is tired, so the search begins with knowing us as much as he can and we can appreciate .. The life of the countries that ruled this region of the world was turbulent. I mean politically. The world did not conceive of stability for a long time, it never conquered, and even. Morally, wine, singing houses, and maids were a constant thing in this society ... They had immorality, thieves and tyrants, and yet they arose in their presence. A high civil renaissance, which absorbed the heritage of the world and developed it until extradition to Europe. In Ar-Nahdhah, it is the questions that are discussed mainly and the reason, not the symptoms and the results. The caliphate is not that all Muslim countries should be ruled by one man. No longer. This is possible, and little time has been achieved. The caliphate is the just ruling though. In a small house. Al-Adawi responds to us that we can get out of the box from the stereotype of rigid thinking from our desperate attempts to impose one form of coercion that must be repeated regardless of the alphabet of the times and its different requirements .. It takes us with Ghada, which seems to be larger in its features than its age, to link the walls of Jerusalem or close to it from The Kinana side of Egypt ... that safe land that will soon revolt the Ezz Revolution and freedom .. Baghdad and Cairo, these two cities that bear the great historical connotations .. To reach a city we are unable to explain this sad and luminous aura never and surrounded it since eternity .. Palestine. Ghada said: Glory be to those who hold hearts on this earth. They brought him separated. In it, if you do not bring it, then send an oil that lightens its lamps. This land is also one of our mysteries that I do not understand. Thus, his red phrase, &quot;Jerusalem, the city,&quot; is riddled with mystery throughout all ages ... the gate from which all nations crossed ... the land of peace, prophets, and the great legacy ... Thus begins his narration with those questions that make you think about the reality of things, not in form and shape .. what is. Then Al-Adawi begins this journey inlaid with the present and past with history and the future with heritage and culture with literature and knowledge of beauty where he sees it is more worthy to write about. He travels with us to the country of his friend, the president, who enters us through the different halls of his life .. He excels in introducing personalities and exchanging them through dialogue, discussion and ideas. I do not know him nor do I know the problem that revolves around him .. But I felt that I wanted to know who inherited all this beauty that this novel revealed .. At the same time he addresses these questions about boredom, religions and doctrines that we are afraid to ask or know about But he did, as I mentioned in the introduction, put it with confidence and strength, that when he travels the land of Tehran, he knows what he wants .. And when he sits among its residents he knows what he wants .. he never hesitates .. A rose . He brings it from there from the end of history to live in what resembles what Ibn Sina lived with a rose .. This seductive rose whose face does not cover dyes or colors that lived like what happened in my heart what Sherine lived in some way, so evil is only part of a rose .. This was what made her always turn to the Lord, rest her, and feel that she contained her anger, ambition, and all her questions ... the certainty that was within the roses of the sherin’s magic that the woman who was curious about this religion .. rose that was Magusi .. and which became living in the spirit of Islam .. and his love When I met the president more, this is the most beautiful narration by Ibn Sina ... this great philosopher ... before he collects his papers and leaves. R. Tehran and throws a few stones in the stagnant water in his meeting with a passing Bosnian woman who wants to overhaul .. He carries the infection to the fullest of his conversations on Ibn Sina .. He begins it with a dialogue with the Emir of the State in his talk about the parish and how the cities are built. He passes you a few years of parish policy .. passes through his childhood That converts a genius ... a salvation and a response to it .. Then his Musta’li predecessors from the travels of matters .. What is more beautiful when it happens and responded with the spirit of the philosopher and the spirit of the lover together .. What is more beautiful when he invokes standing or sitting..and how to master the question and supplication ... Thus are the scholars. The great ones ... and that&#39;s how their lives are ... I admit that I was curious to read more on Avicenna. I want to know him more to tie the thread of the threads. Which the enemy has indicated to me ... And I judge the holding and passing through it to every idea raised by the novel in my imagination. The president is a young woman’s narration in asking her and seeing her in her questions and her composition. A young woman in her details and liveliness in her feelings and emotions. Young woman in what resembles this bloody, tumultuous spring that the people live and pass by the country. He did not side with the right thing, but he did not agree with the lines of his time .. Muhammad Al-Adawi, my friend Sanaa Dhabyan / reader. /////////////////////////////////////////. I loved every moment I spent reading and preparing for it, and I loved every moment I spent writing, reviewing, and following up on publication. And I would love to share my joy with her and my love for her .. I hope that God will write her acceptance
Don&#39;t be optimistic about your reservation confirmation, you may not find it. . With my confirmation of the reservation and reservation of an amount on the card, I did not find the room that I reserved, and we were sent down in two different rooms and separate roles due to the absence of the family room that I booked and confirm the reservation by phone and we were delivered the rooms after more than an hour waiting at night and the situation was modified on the second day
The book is great and I recommend reading it. The book attracted me the following things: The sequence of the book in which he took into account the developments of the revolution before it started until after its completion, and the questions that accompany each stage .. Identifying in depth the space media may not allow him to see a farewell jurist known to the size of Sheikh Salman for the Arab Spring revolutions .. Discussing some prophetic traditions that are widely circulated Concerning the legal policy and the position regarding it as evidence and significance .. The ease of presentation and the beauty of the phrase in many of the paragraphs of the book are very similar to the method of Al-Ghazali and Al-Qaradawi .. Discussion of the book on separate issues in the legal policy, may not be available in other books the size of this book .. But Saini In the book losing the copy that my hands for forgiveness The last came from to the end of the book, so I didn&#39;t give it the full score in the evaluation.
Among the beautiful novels that have sweet memories with me who have come for more than years:
Emotional fatigue par excellence
What Zoskind really meant by the story of a murderer, was a journey in the search for self, and the empty body turned into nothing like the soul of Jean-Baptiste Garneau ... a wonderful book, an exciting experience and a writer who has gone crazy what made him compel us to walk in the streets of Paris without smell and without color
One of the strongest books in theatrical art from my point of view .. A play that permeates the Jewish mentality from ancient times through to becoming a Zionist movement looking for a homeland .. I understood to a large extent the Zionist mentality as I did not understand it before ... As for the style, formulation, selection and drawing of characters I believe that the writer has brought her to the highest ranks of creativity.
Exceptional. The employee Shaaban. nothing
The best place for recreation and relaxation in Sri Lanka I stayed in the classic suite and it was large and spacious and it has a personal butler Forms, of course, are a cause for terror and caution at every step.
Magnificence ,,,, with a reservation on openness
Its sweet, clean, tidy place, romantic, and I would recommend what I tried
Excellent. . Elevator system
Its proximity to the sanctuary. It is not separated from the courtyards of the Prophet’s Mosque except for a meter. Breakfast is good. The hotel is quiet. There are elevators to serve inmates near the campus courtyards and the basement positions of the sanctuary, where the basement can be parked in the sanctuary at Area A. The parking of the hotel is so narrow that it is not suitable for large cars. The hotel rooms are small.
The book talks about Islam’s view of the world, and of course it compares it with that of other religions. He then proceeds to compare the East and West response to this religion and their response to other religions. The book is distinguished by an in-depth look at all aspects of life between East and West, and this is helped by the writer&#39;s broad culture. This book is one of the books lost by those who have not read it
The story of Umm Saad is the story of a people reduced to a woman. A woman who lived through displacement and suffering and waiting for return and good news. A story of wisdom, born by the bitterness of the days, and hatched by years of betrayal. Saad&#39;s words are still ringing in my ears: When I&#39;m hungry, very simple words shake the mind and move a volcano. But I felt it as though it was shorthand or fragmented, or perhaps my version is incomplete ... I yearn for more from Umm Saad from her patience, wisdom, hope, and wisdom ... From her guidance to the holders of the pens, the understanding is not limited to you .. To make you wallow in the mud that my palms waved Saad to come to the truth of science and the truth of the country. Really, Umm Saad, we live inside a large prison ... but its names differed
Beautiful hotel and worth the experience. everything. price
Abu Abdullah Good reception, cleanliness .. Smell of smoke in the reception cafe, poor lighting, poor water in the bathroom, location is not clear.
Good experience and affordable price in dye. The location of the hotel is great, close to Mall of the Emirates. The staff at reception did not have sufficient experience
The first acquaintance between me and Professor Tawfiq al-Hakim, and almost the first book I read deals with Egypt in that period. A method that is easy for the reader to understand. From the first lines, the writer feels the writer&#39;s pride in the originality of his origin. Us because of what our country is going through now.
Beautiful stay but away from the campus. Quiet and clean. Very far from the campus
Zaki Naguib Mahmoud is one of the geniuses of the last century and among the modernists in religious and social thought .. He has a special philosophical view that summarizes you in a wonderful way, just as this book was that I enjoyed a lot and made me search for other books for this feat, may God have mercy on him
,. .. I liked the book in terms of telling the story a true experience. It tells about his personal suffering. This is a few in Arabic books. The style is sweet and simplified. The book is from small pieces and few pages. You can read it in one sitting
A strange biography, I know that the writer was a genius and proud of his philosophy and disorganization, and he did not care about the whirl of doubt in which any reader might enter ... doubt the usefulness of such a text. But he undoubtedly singled out his style, and discussed purely philosophical meaning, in depth and symbolism many topics: existence, creation, ego, language and word, mind, mind and thought. The moment I completed it, I had the feeling that I would dive into it again. I must probe into it and give myself an opportunity to understand it more. In their minds their prose swims, Hussein Al-Barghouthi, Mahmoud Darwish and others. We read it sitting on its beaches
Narrator is very interesting and I was having difficulty stopping to read it. Until the cover repelled me. Its language is very simple, one of the simplest and most interesting novels. But the end hit the story with some coolness.
Inspiring and enough ..
I wish I was disappointed. View of King Fahd Road. This second time that I live was not at the same level as the first room in which I also inhabited the room on the supposed eighth floor where there are no smoking rooms but my room smelled of smoke I could not sit in it until it was cleaned and sprinkled with perfume by the house kiping
Excellent. Everything in the hotel ok.
Perfectly we spent a wonderful week at Villa Oriana last April. The kindness of the staff and especially Elio, the homemade cakes at breakfast, the sunset and sunset every night on Capri and Vesuvio, everything was absolutely perfect. The only weakness is that you can hear well what is happening in the other rooms, but this certainly does not constitute a reason not to visit this wonderful family.
Enjoy with Damac Dubai. All workers there are at the level of understanding and service, the family suite, which contains a bedroom and a separate toilet for the studio, children&#39;s beds, kitchen, dining table and second toilet.
Exceptional. The price is very good and an excellent addition.
Gorgeous . The buffet is more than amazing, the service is excellent and the rooms are very comfortable.
Excellent. Good value, clean apartments, excellent reception and workers treatment. The inconvenience of a company or hospital is important, and it sometimes causes inconvenience
Very close to the largest malls in Riyadh. In all honesty, the hotel is comfortable with all standards of comfort. The hotel manager is a fine, considerate man in his dealings. The hotel staff, from reception and sophisticated and elegant workers, breakfast is very excellent, especially the wonderful Arabic coffee. I liked everything in the hotel
The birth of an idea. In my opinion, the best stories in this group. I liked the depth in the dialogue in the whole group. In some stories, its philosophy is flimsy and superficial, but the general impression is that it is really a philosophical anecdotal set. Its ideas are liberal and the splendor of dialogue is always characteristic of any work of the sage.
Nice but no wifi. The hotel is beautiful and well located. Wi-Fi is said to be a service but it really doesn&#39;t exist
good. The scenery and privacy. Cleanliness
good. Reception and service staff. The bus
Five stars in support of Ashraf:. I read the book curious to know the reason for his execution and I did not find any sentence calling for atheism or polytheism.
Reception staff treated very good. Excellent. nothing
My first book was with the late Malik bin Nabi ... Suddenly, an idea lit up in a cave, Hira cave, where it was secluded, contemplating it, and carrying a flash of it began with a word that reads like this was the beginning, as Malik said in the beginning of the book. So the beginning was with a supreme idea that brought people along the lines of it in the form of sophistication, understanding and tolerance, dealing with society and adapting its energies that were wasted in the abhorrent ignorance of building high civilization. And those ideas died only a little. Not only this, but the harm goes beyond the people and their ideas, to reach the things where any things return and regain their authority over the minds and hearts, declaring the closure of many minds and tying them to matter and subordination to it and its affairs .. Suddenly, the society found itself after all that in the post civilization phase again ... Unfortunately, at this stage that Malik bin Nabi did not go beyond in his book, those ideas that were subjected to deformation and betrayal tend to retaliate for themselves from society. This can be clearly understood on the technical level, for example, where immediate revenge if a machine exploded for bad design or collapsed bridge for misfortune .. Actually depth Rare in thinking from the writer. This is the most wonderful idea I read in the book. With these phrases and without them, the writer formulates problems in the ideas of our world .. But what makes the book fall from it the fifth star is the balance in the discourse between problems and solutions, the book presents problems after problems in ideas and thinking, but most of the time without a solution and a rescue strategy mentioned only in some few citizens. This is one of the clearest negatives of the book. As for the other negativity, it is the difficult method of Malik Bin Nabi .. It has a lot of ambiguity, philosophy and lack of directness in the proposition .. You even have to repeat some ideas in order to clarify .. But the fun remains in reaching the sparkle of understanding:. The book needs to be summarized first and re-read second ... I do not recommend it to new readers and I recommend it to anyone who wants to exude more intellectually:
good . Windows must be fixed. Sounds come in from locks, ruined locks and maintenance of air conditioners
Unique mirror. From the moment I thought I buy the novel for several reasons, including some of the opinions that I trust in the novel and the writer, and my confidence in the editions of Dar Al-Riwaq, they are valuable works hard, and everything that shows the novel in the library with a sense of attraction to her and unfortunately postponed her reading a lot and finally read it ... The novel talks about a young journalist Living her life alone without a goal in the luxurious world, and her life will change at the moment that the editor-in-chief of the magazine is asking that she is working hard and begins entering random areas and surrounded by psychological pressures from each side and surprises come to her during her investigation ... The first thing I do not expect is that the novel will be at this level I liked Oh very, and I expected an average need for honesty, and I apologize to the author in it, who remained very confident in her writings from now. Again, the idea of the novel that revolves around it is very beautiful and important, and it can be close to me because I saw many cases like the characters of the novel in fact and I have a simple background About some of her personalities and life in their dictionary means eh ... the third need for style and language ... The author relied on the novel style of the protagonist who spoke in the novel and did the best choice because I merged with him very much and interacted with the feelings of the heroine and her problems and the situations in her confrontation, which she tells of her airspace .. And the style of the novel was Very easy and smooth, nothing tainted, except that I was feeling lengthy in the first hundred pages of the novel. I felt that it went a long way from the necessary situations, along with the heroine, her friend, and the rest of the characters, and also needed a lot of love, which is a lot of English words in the novel that for me personally, I had no difficulty in it. But other slides of readers can be difficult to find and of course it is estimated that it is a character in certain classes and in return there are many, almost satisfied with these only notes, but on style, but the rest was very beautiful. The fourth need, which is the most important need for me in the novel, which is the development in the plot and the heroine. I was impressed by the plot of the novel, frankly, I did not feel very bored except in the first quarter, as I said, because of the lengthening, but the contract in the city was very good, especially from the time of the assault accident on the heroine from Hamdi and could be affected in The scene is more than a little for the little girl who saw this particular girl, and she was very difficult, but the pressures and problems that came down on the heroine, and how much she was exposed to, frankly, I greet the author to formulate the feelings and plot, because she executed it brilliantly because of her smooth style and of course the change that occurred in the heroine in the late The novel was above all This one that impressed me in the whole novel is more than the need of the last fifty pages of other life. The author&#39;s description of the heroine’s emotions changed in the end. He was frankly frankly ... The novel is frankly considering it close to me because it addresses many needs in the way of life of many people, all the problems that people feel with The novel is of their presence in evening parties in places at night, living without rules and goals, looking at the poor and the psychological conditions of the heroine, and all of this was close to me because it is realistic for us to live, especially the young people, more so that the effect of me and I frankly affected the story with me and frankly I think again about everything I mentioned, I think about everything that is positively positive more because of this with the conclusion also in the novel I finished the last word in it and I say in myself a wonderful end more than wonderful for a beautiful novel worth reading and I am confident that the writer has a great future and, God willing, work Next, I will be one of his first readers
Excellent but I would try a hotel with full and direct view. The hotel is close to its high level sanctuary. I chose a suite overlooking the Kaaba..but I was surprised that the view was very small ... only a small part of the room..and not as in the pictures. View is side and small.
As usual, Abdel-Wahab&#39;s articles are enjoyable with the diverse cultures it contains. It is the summary of a reader who compiled the book he loved and attached to them, and his fictional friends are the heroes of novels he read or from the life of the writers themselves.
As I am a student of Dr. Ahmed Amara. Salah Al-Rashed. Wayne Dyer and others .. The book is very timely .. Every part contains a hymn, peace, signs of affirmations on the meanings and facts we forget about in the way .. I very much enjoyed the narration
good . Buses are available around the clock. Unavailability of a restaurant inside or near the hotel, you need to cross the street to the other side to find a single restaurant
Wonderful hotel. Beautiful hotel, great location, spacious rooms, almost the sixth time I live. There is no
Book summary, in my opinion. When I think my servant thinks of me, he will think of me as:
My favorite hotel in Mecca. The hotel is great and extremely comfortable, as well as a well-treated reception. In addition to excellent bus service to and from the campus. Also, two-store parking is available at a very good price.
Finally I found and read the book. It caught my attention since I heard about it. Strange that I felt from the start until I finished it. As if the writer knows us .. he knows our stories and knows what he says in order to relieve us. Like an old friend. The colloquial language did not bother me even though I might not accept it. In other books. The book is awash with optimism, positivity and peace. I read it in one session, but I think it deserves to be referred to several times
Awesome in every sense of the word in every need the writer is excellent I was able to use the appropriate words and words to influence you inside it is considered one of the best novels that I read
Sinja is a novel that takes place in a poor Egyptian popular neighborhood called Dahdera El-Shennawi in the days of the revolution. What distinguishes the novel is its distinctive characters, which are inspired by reality, and which may confuse you in the beginning .... The novel does not have a specific hero, but Dahdira all play this role. The way the events are described and the characters and situations described are wonderful and smart as we are used to from Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfik. The novel may be blamed for some depression, but it is definitely far from boredom.
good. . The baby&#39;s bed is not available, knowing that the room has been pre-ordered and the size of the room
A useful book with beautiful tips. It is true that it is adapted from other books, but what attracted most attention was the interesting style of the writer .. It is predominantly religious in nature, which made me harmonize while I read it to him ..
A very nice hotel, but it lacks lunch and dinner in the restaurant because there is only breakfast and close to the Grand Mosque in Mecca. . Tomorrow, for dinner, there is no breakfast
Very beautiful . everything.
Honesty and humility. With which he wrote his diaries made his words run smoothly into my heart. I am confused in his relationship with his wife and children. However, as soon as I finished his book, a mystical sense of peace wore me
Mohammed Maghout owns that queen by making the bitter reality we live in. . And we accept him as a laughter and anger that one .. through his criticism of the fixed way of life, political and changing masks. . Maghout is looking for ways to express it. Fear many of us have regarding the slogans that are written and not implemented by many officials. . And an attempt to guide readers to reject a accepted reality. Given the need and not the conviction. .. I hope the rulers will read it too. .. even if only for laughter
Exceptional. every thing is excellent . The staff is excellent. nothing
Exceptional. Staff very good, clean room, free wi-fi and good connection, good location. Nothing, everyting is good
On this corresponding day. I have finished reading this book that has given me another life. It is a painful book for whoever means. I learned unspeakable things, and I can&#39;t explain it, just feel it. Our highness learned about the conquests and the difference shows the treatment of Muslims for the people of the cities they conquered and the treatment of these Castilians, whose first and last goal was to erase everything related to Arabism and remove all traces of it. I learned that whoever is able to do so has done the dream of my Almighty Lord, and forgive us and we are weak. You have learned the meaning of identity, meaning that you have to keep the key to your house, even though it has become wrecked, or that you have left your homeland despite you. Were it not for some embodiments that I understand are of interest to the novel as a novel, I did not like it
A darkness. Makes and wraps it. a bat . ....
Weird in every sense of the word. It was comfortable, quiet and wide, I enjoy staying in the hotel and recommend it to everyone.
Exceptional. Everything is excellent and great in the hotel except that in one of the floors lane I saw many ants.
I was pained when I knew that you were dead before I started reading the original story. A book for me ... at a very convenient time. God bless you. Among her words:. Give me a place that has neither a door nor a window. Give me my room without knocking on its door .. give me reassurance not to respond to repeated calls and the comfort of complete disregard .. I need to give me myself. It is scary to return to the day without dawning. There was nothing left for me but nothing filled with night and nothing. Time does not pass .. Time lasts .. People pass by. Another day passes without leaving me anything to remember. ..
A wonderful book, especially in presenting the political and economic philosophy of Islam, simply, and showing it as general principles and rules .. I just have a problem with linking it to material and Marxist philosophies with the Jews and considering them a conspiracy against humans and religions and so on ... This could be the nature and intensity of the Arab-Israeli conflict in this period. BS Bardu does not see any value in linking philosophies to the religions of their owners and trying to explain them within the framework of the major Jewish conspiracy against man and religions.
This book is really a journey .. short in pages / deep in soul.
Excellent . Comfortable rooms, excellent food, great staff.
We thank you for the wonderful hosting and reception. I liked everything. Inconvenience at the end of the night from the disco and sometimes parking is not available
Exceptional. Comfortable room design, perfect welcome and free parking added a huge advantage to the hotel. Getting to the hotel by car is extremely difficult and the hotel entrance is not clear in light of the reforms around the campus.
Entertainment. Very suitable for the family .. and the proximity to the metro, knowing that the opposite side is also a hotel belonging to them called Yasat Gloria .. exactly the same level .. and this hotel has an Arabic restaurant that is always open .. its proximity to the Palm Jumeirah .. and the Dubai Marina .. and the hotel is conservative I drew very much during my entry into the lobby, and I found a young man who lives in the hotel with a girl and they want to enter the room, but hotel security absolutely prohibits visits and prevents them ... The prices are somewhat exaggerated .. even if it is at peak time and seasons .. It is very important for me with children that the hotel is raising The fence for the balcony or the dormitory closes the balcony while you are in, the lighting in the rooms is quiet.
Excellent. Calm, comfortable positions, and views. Eating bad taste, also very cold unfortunately
I ended it yesterday on the first anniversary of Radwa&#39;s departure before realizing that the book was not dying and that the lady had not yet gone.
Lifetime trip. All beautiful.
very good . Accommodation was almost perfect. The breakfast buffet was unsatisfactory
The sweetness of poetry is that it touches you and feels it. You enjoy reading. Mustafa Ibrahim Hayel writes poetry. Simply easy and refrained, how to describe it brilliantly a scene you lived through, but your letters. I was unable to describe it, the court is like a camera that records the events of the revolution. The first thing I read. So and so, I was very excited that I read the book and read all of its works. John Doe, who was then a pleural, had an hour when they started hitting bullets. So-and-so, whose name I do not know, so I always say by my cousin and salvation. So and so, the rest of his sandwich was a night when he saw me rich and hungry. So, who is not a thinker other than a look and a look? So, whoever wished for a smile, so what he said was really going for a walk. So, who told me the way to safety, an hour when we said we were bored. . See every word that came and went. There are two words that are not spoken. And all the tears were hidden by her lamb. There are two tears that are not covered. I see all the cup of sorrows. I forgot. It has a thousand cups of millions. They don&#39;t want it. . See every word that came and went. There are two words that are not spoken. And all the tears were hidden by her lamb. There are two tears that are not covered. I see all the cup of sorrows. I forgot. It has a thousand cups of millions. They don&#39;t want it. . Salt and sugar the same white how? The rose red is the color of blood. I know where the laugh is from? If you laughed joy. Neither you laughed. . I am the best one convincing you to tell. Wmabakekish. The best one persuades you to cry. ... and what Pepkesh. I am the best one that convinces you to rejoice .. The best one persuades you to hurt. I am the best dead one .. He can persuade you to live
To summarize the pain in one room of the whole earth. To take you to her secrets as the boy takes to the corridors of her body. To stand between compassion and pain is incapable of overcoming one towards the other. The voice of a woman who is betrayed in her family, and goes with your mind, with her and her madman
good . The cramped. Long wait at reception to log in
A wonderful book on its style and on its topic, as if the writer whispered in your ears and told you what was on your mind
A moon on Samarkand ... What do I write about that wonderful journey that will take you against your will in another world full of history, civilization, contradictions and bitterness similar to what we have .... between rivers, plains and valleys ... with gypsies ... Uzbeks ... Kazakhs ... Jews ... the Russians ... jumping to Egypt, then returning to the Samarkand world with all its magic. ... it is a journey to be fought. ...... What is wrong with this novel is the multiplicity of sexual relations along the line, which gave it this family size ... but what is forgiven is its successive events ... the forgotten history of a dilapidated civilization ... the map discovered to the reader throughout the trip ... Gore probed the human soul with all its contradictions .... ........ The creator of Mansi in his writing, and this is some of what stopped me from his phrases. You, me, and all those in need need a new insight, an insight that keeps you from all old ways to search for other ways that have not been touched yet. ....... It is not resistance to seduction, but living with it must be virtue adjacent to seduction without conflict, no one can resist throughout his life, live with it, but do not give in to it. ........ It is difficult to inherit yourself without someone giving you condolences. ....... Who are we to make our destiny
A book from the books of cute, light and encouraging to read ... It deals with its young author Abdullah Al-Maghlooth, social issues that he sees in his small Saudi community, and it is in fact when you read the book; the morals and actions of all Arabs if we do not fear generalization ... The author tried to display and spread these morals and behaviors to constitute an awareness For the Arab reader, in order to abandon the attributes that are closer to the underdeveloped nation, far from the guidance of its religion, than to the nation that carries a message and good for the world.
Al-Hazmi, the receptionist, is a very helpful person. I did not try breakfast but the bed was comfortable.
One of the best chips I found in this book, which combined literature, wisdom, spirituality and simplicity, I sat the book so long that I felt a kind of weird when I finished his last page. But hey, the return to his reading does not make you feel any boredom. The book is renewed despite the rigidity of his words, as well as his ability to simulate the mind and answer questions that were answering my mind. God have mercy on Imam Ibn Al-Jawzi
Enjoyable stay. Excellent location, excellent staff and especially the receptionist. The positions are not wide, especially in the seasons
A good narration in terms of historical description and the special part as far as some to accept humiliation and submission, but cheering for the occupier .. Muhammad personality carried within it a tremendous bitterness and lack of confidence in those around him and is the case of a contemporary of a lot of disappointments and lack of variants, which led to his being He no longer trusts even himself or his ability to confront .. His property is the living embodiment of everything that is different and that we really fear change and strive to kill the difference .. An excellent account of events, a beautiful description of the Oasis and the habits of its people and the beauty of nature in it .. I loved the Sheikh Yahya..a good novel in general, but the end is not the same as the narration
have a good trip . The overall hotel was great. Wi-Fi is bad
Exceptional. The staff is the hotel&#39;s highlight .. nothing
It is simply simplicity in its simplest form. Easy style ... interesting ... fun. Wonderful. I like it very much. Downloadable :. : //. . // ...
Muhammad al-Maghout made me cry, then made me laugh, then made me cry and cry at the same moment for his sincerity, revolution, and his understanding of the issue and the Arab reality for more than thirty years. . Omar Al-Banoubi
It is nice for the unknown to have an identifier. This book touched on a number of personalities that influenced Sufi poetry and were not known to the general public, due to the intensity of the reputation of others and its fame as Ibn Al-Fardim or Jalaluddin Rumi. The book took me to a beautiful spiritual journey, I deliberately slowed down the movement through its pages until I enjoy and enjoy what it contains because it is brief and its purpose is to introduce these people and to mention them, so I intentionally mentioned references to those who wanted to increase the poetry and biography of this or that.
Gives you a wellness . Excellent in all respects, safety and calm. I think the situations are few and far between
How do I read the book?
Very interesting. Wonderful style
A beautiful novel that I did not feel bored with. It passed quickly, I could not leave it until I finished reading it shocking at the beginning, but it is full of life. Conflicts revolve in the same Dr. Hana about her ability to manage her life, emotions and work, and I liked the end very much.
Although Ahmed Ragab is not characterized by deep ridicule, such as Muhammad Afifi, for example, or that stems from the experience of the painful character, such as Mahmoud Al-Saadani, he writes very professionally to blow your laughter when he wants that book. I love three books written by him and the other two are inverted pictures and songs of Al-Argani.
My mind is almost unbelievable as I am readers, is what I read a creative imagination saturated with sadness and gloom or is it a painful reality that took place in the crowd of life away from us or perhaps close to us but in both cases we did not feel it .. the king&#39;s gardens are the beginning of the journey of torment of Fatima or Afqir and her children lasted four Twenty years, including one year spent in detention and five under house arrest ... Fatima, the mother, was imprisoned while she was thirty-six, and she went out when she was fifty-five. Malika, the oldest girl, was imprisoned when she was nineteen and left. She was thirty-eight. Mary, the second daughter, was imprisoned at seventeen years, and she was discharged when she was thirty-six. Raouf, the eldest son, is imprisoned at fourteen and left at thirty-three. He has a guest book that talks in detail about the life of the detainee. Maria, the third daughter, was imprisoned when she was ten and went out when she was 29. Sakina, the fourth daughter, was imprisoned when she was nine and went out at the age of twenty-eight. She has a book of life in my hands. Abd al-Latif, the second son, and the youngest of them, he was imprisoned when he was three and left when he was 22. Ashura, Fatima&#39;s cousin, was imprisoned when she was thirty-seven and exited when she was fifty-six. Halima Abboud, one of the workers at Fatima in the household of Oufkir, was imprisoned with her when she was nineteen and left and she is thirty-eight .. That is, the conscience of this who bears the imprisonment of children is nothing, because their father committed a crime and was punished for it. What kind of human being who issues an order to imprison a three-year-old child with his age in retaliation for his father .. He admired how hatred and hatred in human hearts reached such a degree .. Despite the sadness and depression, it is a book worth reading, followed by other books until the picture becomes clear from All angles.
I will repeat the visit. Very family, excellent location next to Lamcy Plaza Mall, restaurants, laundries and supermarkets, close to Al-Waleed services, excellent, and speed to meet the demand, fast internet, and this is not the first visit. I am a permanent customer of Walid Plus. Power outages, hours of value, are relatively high
I think the book is a pretty introduction to Sufism.
On every Eid and the joy of our memories, people who did not share this occasion are recalled, their death or departure was a judgment of God and his destiny, but there are people who rob their lives, their homes, their loved ones and even the simplest rights is a judgment from God but with the injustice of Satan, this narration described the oppressed from Our brothers in Palestine and the ugliness of the occupation and the Zionist injustice, and also .. The extent of denial and betrayal of the Arabs .. God suffices us and yes the agent ... On every page I cry with ruqyah and even in funny situations the laugh is a lump, it makes joy and pain lies .. I pray to God that we see the day when our nation celebrates its anniversary and it is a healthy recovery. Its tears have dried up and its wounds have healed. Oh God, grant victory to our oppressed brothers everywhere and release their anguish and help them in their ordeal, urgent, not later, with your mercy, O Most Merciful ..
very good . . The lack of food, tea and coffee
A short and quiet trip ... The location is excellent, the air conditioning is good, the cleaning of the furniture and furniture, good handling by the staff, the breakfast is good and clean, and it needs more diversity .. poor water flow in the toilet, lack of additional devices such as a washing machine, a kettle for water and it was later reported that they are available upon request, We were not notified of this upon logging in.
Book of Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa about the life of the Prophet, may God bless him and grant him peace
Let me see and understand a lot of needs in our country, let me feel how much our Lord has a higher grace, and I do not see ... hard a great book
Were it not for her reading her exams, I would have concluded it on day and night ...:
,. A very painful novel. I loved Stephen&#39;s character. His sincerity, loyalty and love for someone who betrayed him. I loved how he made a successful personality. The result of his pain and sorrows. .. Majdoleen did not like me at the end of her life. Treachery remains treacherous in all its colors and shapes. ,. ,. I think I branched out by Al-Manfalouti&#39;s writings. I will suffice with this limit of his novels,
Exceptional. . But the amount of the insurance to date has not been refunded
Excellent. The rooms are spacious and location. Wi-Fi is not free
My recommendation to family members is to have a lovely time at Gloria Hotel. I liked staying at Gloria Hotel as it is an excellent family hotel in all respects. There is no
very good . Furniture and lighting. Take an overpriced security deposit for only two people for breakfast
I always believed that there was neither a philosophy of death nor a philosophy of death that would stand up to death. But the philosophy of Youssef El Sebaei will hold, and inevitably, it will withstand, until God&#39;s judgment strikes us.
An excellent book if you believe in the subconscious abilities of the subconscious sometimes, especially from the mental and internal side. Which most certainly reflects on your external life and your general success, and each of us has his own experiences in this field. Whether by accident or on purpose. But the book mentioned that the steps are: ask for security and receive which in my opinion some of the exaggeration. Why and your goals will not be achieved while you are sitting in front of the TV. The book reminded me of a saying by Paulo Coelho. When we really want something, the entire universe compels you to fulfill your desire. :
good. The location is very good. Including the absence of the receptionist in the morning until the morning in the morning and the alternative to the cleaning employee, who is not authorized to finish accounting for the inmate upon leaving
A wonderful book describing paradise and its bliss. Oh God, I ask you for Paradise and every action that brings it to us, and we seek refuge in You from Hell and every action that brings it to it
Until now, I consider this novel to be one of the best written relief. In this novel, relief came out of the ordinary, and I went out to mention the details of the personalities and places .. I even forgot that there was a crime that needed to be solved ... The protagonist is: Anne. Not a single known figure in the Agatha series. Anne is a girl who lives with her father, the scientist, and he loves science so much that he may forget that he is indebted to his friends for the money, forcing Ann to provide for the needs of the house, she may go out sometimes to have fun and watch Pamela&#39;s adventure, and her surprise is the hero of the movie, the adventure that seeks in every part to catch criminals .. This film Anne inspires when her father dies, so she decides to become an adventure too, and goes to London .. When she arrives in London, her curiosity forces her to go to the station, as she is used to wandering the streets of London in search of work and adventures. At the station her chance comes on a silver platter. You will see an accident for someone standing alone and then falling onto the train tracks, but was it really an accident? . . At the beginning, the novel may seem to contain many characters, and you may get tired of its abundance and your inability to remember them all. But after a third of the novel has passed, the picture begins to become clear and some of the characters begin to be liquidated because they are really one person..I loved all the characters, the criminal, the adventurer, the politician, the soldier and the lover, each of them has his own characteristics and relief that did not hold us back in mentioning their stories that may seem insignificant but they all lead To the train crime
Oh God, how affected me Malika .. I lived with them and felt their suffering. One of the most beautiful and painful reading
An excellent restaurant and enough to cook, Topkopi Museum, excellent food, moderate prices, good guys, with breakfast, lunch, and shisha next to the Top Kobe Museum.
Disturbed feelings and mixed feelings that felt when every page of this novel was folded..the bold and exclusive approach to space, time, and personality. As if without preparation I had decided to suddenly take off aboard an unknown journey, so I released my soul to the novel, ejaculating it wherever you want .. whenever you want .. a journey Exciting in all its details is from the beginning, a trip to the prohibited lands from the lands of Muslims, a graceful journey that passed through Tehran from Esfahan .. to Shiraz .. to Tabriz .. to these two, during which I enjoyed the splendor of the place and the charm of the overwhelming East present with its features, myths and sprawling tales at this unique building Style or that tall mountain or on the fabric of that The rug, which is almost as beautiful as its designs and accurate to pronounce a tale of its drawings .. I already knew that the novel was talking about Ibn Sina and when I began reading the novel I was surprised that the first was almost as close to the autobiography of the writer, so curiosity prompted me to push to know what way the son would enter Sina on the events .. And when Ibn Sina glides into the novel smoothly and easily .. He entered it as a light visitor and left from it and the mouth of the novel says I wish you stayed more .. I would like to revive the intelligence of the writer who did not dwell a lot in the controversial issues about Ibn Sina and man was the most thing Controversy may God relieve him of his illness .. may God intercede for him with his knowledge and benefit to S ..sobhanh does not forgive him and to engage forgive without it for those whom He knows traitorous eyes and breasts conceal ... studying the philosophy of Plato, my eye, Socrates, and the study of their curriculum and share their words and repudiate Ibn Sina. I raise the hat to Newton&#39;s attractiveness and Einstein&#39;s relativity, and deprive the biography of centuries before them. The West opened their studies of medicine with the contributions of Avicenna while some here compel us to disavow him. It has been my habit to measure my admiration for the novel by how I influenced the situation that it might impose on me while reading it .. When I started reading the president, I became surrounded by soreness, soreness that resembles the pain of loss ... that narrow feeling in you when your nose breezes the winds of Andalusia, or your ears retrieve the sound of a rustle of trees Olives in Palestine, or you diagnose in front of your eyes a picture of the minarets converging at sunset to remind you that the caliphate has fallen long ago ... something that makes sadness a burial in control and a voice of what is inside you is indifferent to what you are to tell you that we are finished .. we have finished and gone our wind .. we finished before To start .. we finished since the strife began .. we ended since the category took the breach Yeh Powell, Muslim strongholds outside the Arabian Peninsula .. It is, as the writer said, a long test that we failed at its beginning ... Is Persia less of an affair than Andalusia? Are the countries of India and Sind less than Persia? Are the countries of India and Sind less than Russia on the day that they were Muslim? . Every cancer is of a different type, and is it true that the affected body is part of it even if it is young with cancer .. The options are not many, either to eradicate the affected part and live to suffer the pain of loss .. or a long and arduous journey with a treatment that may not work, or that the whole thing ends and gets lost Everything ... Remember Persia .. Remember the cradle of conquest, good news, and victory for the state of Islam .. Find common connections and cultures between us and those countries that have portrayed us in the media as forbidden and prohibited countries, it is not permissible to go into their path except with criticism .. While the flags of the Jews fly safe on our lands . Pay attention to what the media issues about terrorism that is growing up in Palestine and how the future generations will look to the Palestinians and the Palestinian cause .. Be careful how the faith is changed .. How to transform the symbol of resistance and steadfastness into a symbol of terrorism and hatred .. Be the best of a nation and realize the unique moment so that Palestine does not become Iran Other ..
good. did not. The hotel was unsuccessful in the following services: one bed was provided for two people with a choice of two separate beds. No parking was provided for the customers, which forced us to park the car incorrectly. Providing a service that was not smooth since we were unable to use the service .. Providing a service that was not smooth since we were unable to use the service.
Worth the experience. Beautiful and luxurious and wonderful full option frankness. Meal prices are very expensive, annoying adjustments on the upper floors
Recommend and stay strong. Cleanliness, the presence of bedding, soap and hospitality, its location near the campus, and the screen of the staff and their good handling there is nothing
A beautiful experience staying at the Hyatt Regency hotel, and I would recommend staying there, reasonable prices and fine service. Hyatt Regency Hotel is one of the best hotels in the region, close to the sanctuary behind the Dar Al Tawhid Hotel, the breakfast buffet is one of the best buffets, the hotel is new, the colors are coordinated, the modern lighting system and the Italian restaurant we wish to maintain on this high level. I liked everything, the hotel
Hooliganism. I like the amalgam text .. Faisal&#39;s character is worth pursuing. What I liked most is that its texts were born from the womb of the street..Yes, this Faisal is an original citizen who knows exactly what the citizen feels .. and does not drum
Regardless of the many details contained in the novel, it is only one of the most beautiful things I have read
The name of the novel is enough to make anyone fall in love with it .... The novel is beautiful, but wonderful. The author has a terrible ability to tell without being bored. And his proficiency in using sentences and phrases .... He writes a lot about Ghassan, Darwish and Fairuz and this is enough for him ... Maybe the narrative side or the plot of the novel I missed .... I cannot say that I came out of the novel with a novel but in a style, sentences, words and feeling. The writer has beautiful and distinctive ideas .... special sentences to describe love .... However, I loved it. This novel is unique to me and will remain .... it is one of those novels that lives in a special case with its reader ..... and the end is the end that does not She heals whenever I read to the writer. I do not get the end of my healing, but this is beautiful so that the novel remains with me in my mind present .... waiting for the next
For conservative families. Its proximity to the metro station is close to services, and there is no bar and discotheque inside. The restaurant is small and the options in the buffet are few
Simple style and tone close to the heart. The character is so loved that you think the heroine is sitting in front of you, speaking and preferring you. And you are trying to keep your laughs:
They say reading is a journey through time, I could not believe this thing. As a Saudi person, I did not go outside the borders of our beloved bay. In this book, Greece, Britain, Italy, Denmark, Austria, Turkey, Sweden and Finland went all the way to the Baltic Sea. Do not be surprised in one of the stories that you are in the middle of a place and in the same place and time go back hundreds of years back to see this place in the past .. I heard in this book an unparalleled enjoyment, I liked reading more after reading this book.
Destiny
light. Clean. realistic
A wonderful and most wonderful book that the writer speaks from the inside, as he presents some evidence and facts that happened before him and he cites books that are approved by them to revoke their doctrine. Thinking for a few moments is enough to show the extent of corruption that underlies Shi&#39;ism. The writer stated at the beginning of his book that the origins of Shiism and its origins are related to the Jews, as well as in the end, they shared their goals with the Jews, such as the demolition of the Kaaba, the Prophet’s Mosque, and other goals, as it indicates the development that Shiites experienced since its appearance, behind it, and whoever serves.
Excellent location with elegance of the place. The location of the hotel. Breakfast is good only
I first read it from the Metaphysics series, and I liked it, but I have read it for a long time. I will read it again.
Exactly two words .. who doubts the existence of God for any reason, such as his deification of science, for example, he reads the entire first Qur’an and understands every letter in it and after it, we can talk. After that, I still need a guide. Read this book.
A standard hotel I would recommend. The location is excellent and close to important places the staff are very helpful. I forgot to request an invoice for my company and requested it by phone to send by email, but it has not been sent yet
A book that talks about social backwardness and causation in developing countries, and it focuses on the main reason that all branches of the causative branch of backwardness from culture, education and economics branch off. An important objective study made me see more clearly and understand what is going on around a very important book.
Among the pages of this book ... there is no compassion, no compassion, no human being. Among the pages of this book is a strange world inhabited by the demons of hell in the form of human beings. Among the pages of this book is a world that summarizes all of its words, letters and mother tongue in all the meanings of pain, torture, intimidation, humiliation, ridicule, slander, sorrow, killing, torture, and death. ... a world if the concepts of torture are compared to it will not reach a tenth of what a person has reached in all the languages of the world in the ancient or modern world, or even in the future .. a world that has no parallel .. a world of prison in Palmyra. Where is this place ? How were they able to discover him while he was outside geography, history, man and life for my country ... he wonders whether this place is real or an invention of imagination .. he wonders at his ability how he endured what he saw and was exposed to him .. he was always swearing that they changed his skin with another skin And they brought him out another kind of creature that was not discovered even if on Mars .. And it will only be discovered inside the walls of Palmyra prison. Today, the symbol of the turquoise romance, which we have always adored, summer and winter, and for its voice we stayed up during the nights ... but in Tadmur Prison .. the voice of Fayrouz comes with another voice calling out to whom the benefactor chose next to him .. When Fayrouz sings on the windmill, I saw your lips on the mill and with another Section .. You see them swaying lightly in the execution yard .. It has turned into a smell of musk and roses .. But you should not think how to dispose of the bodies. If you are in a dormitory that includes more than one of them, who has been infected with tuberculosis, scabies, typhoid and virus, it is best that you never know .. And from the splendor of what the writer mentioned in this book is a comparison of her contract between a prisoner of Palmyra and a free man, and I specifically identified a prisoner Palmyra says: The shadows formed by dormitory walls and wards are not like shadows formed by poplar trees on the banks of streams. The two shadows are different, but life is life .. the sky that changes to those who look up through the sunnah here is not like the sky that changes to the people looking at a green carpet and sends a party at the top .. the sky is different, but life is life .. but in a prison that destroys life is not It is life .. heroism may be a force or destiny, but it is not necessarily a choice. Many found themselves starring because they had no other choice ... they had to turn into champions and in turn they could turn into outcasts. In both cases, it is not possible to sanctify the first or defile the second ... in the presence of the demons of hell ... you who come upon it have death ..... read it .. and you will not regret
A wonderful novel from beginning to end. I am saddened often by what happens to Fakhr Al-Din. Let&#39;s look around and find millions of proverbs like Fakhr Al-Din in its purity, and I do not say its ideal. Millions of people are killed by society and we also kill them daily .. I enjoyed a lot with the first reading of the accomplished writer Professor Izz Al-Din Shukr Fashir and definitely will not be the last Start
Thanks and appreciation All thanks, appreciation and gratitude to all employees of the Intercontinental Hotel Amman for the good reception and generosity of hospitality throughout my stay in the hotel. The employees of the hotel are a principle and this is something that deserves praise and thanks and does not fail in this participation to offer special thanks, appreciation and gratitude to the dear brother Mr. / Edward Haddad and the virtuous sister / Rania for every effort they made in order to be in complete comfort throughout my stay in the hotel Greetings to everyone A How / Hammad jameed
A special place . The presence of buses continuously and periodically, the reception staff, and the personal hygiene materials in the rooms are very special. The restaurant has breakfast and lunch and dinner is of a poor standard
I read it for years, but its content was not, and I will not forget it ... I read it at a time when sadness reached my end. From the first pages of this book, I found that I did not grieve and what I went through is not saddened by the comparison with the one who cited their stories.
Why, dear? . I will not comment on more of these words:
Quiet stay. The location is good. Restaurant services for rooms
very good. Providing a great location for the villa. Cleanliness of the site. Easy reservations. Good help from the staff. Disturbing guests close to accommodation with loud music in the indoor swimming pools of the villas
Quotes from Writers. : //. . /. ..... |. :: Atheism ::. Where the universe is stripped of the Creator and the ratio of everything to nature. There is no god for the universe and this universe did not originate from scratch. Science rejects, as they say, the idea of a deity. Although the same science that they are talking about says that the material is inexhaustible. And do not create from scratch, do not create from scratch, and do not create from scratch, O children of Adam. But the vocabulary of the universe came like this or nature created it. . What nature created the vocabulary? Alice before the singular not. And this leads us to a ruler of the universe? I will assume with you that no universe arose without a deity and this is an assumption only. Where did life come from? And science has proven that chance cannot create a single cell. I will assume with you that this cell has some kind of mechanism. And this is only an assumption. And I will also assume that it is random development. Random, which science also proved unable to provide better strains. But perhaps it is an evolution directed by an evolution directed by God. But let us not assume that with what happened there was a random development and a person appeared. Where did the language we speak come from? Linguists have shown that it did not develop, but that it arose out of creation. direct. I will assume with you that she appeared. If it is staying the fittest already. Where did the concepts of good and evil appear and appeared on any basis? A universe without God is free from concepts of good and evil. And all of the above are just assumptions. :: We are in front of a group of people who have come across a mathematical problem. They chose to have the answer as the number and then they changed the mathematical equation. And they add to it and create symbols and make it more and more complex. And in order to reach their desired answer. Not indifferent to the fact of the matter that this is not the correct answer. Although the mathematical equation is easy and simple. And her answer is simpler and she is the right one. One God One. A message to every atheist. But, Captain, it does not mean that the clergy do not understand the origins of the universe. And they are not deep in philosophy and do not know how to respond to your imaginary theories. This does not mean pure if you are correct. Absolute means that they do not understand and want to provide their knowledge. Not only, and the debt that you attack based on the behavior of the underclass. Originally, they are innocent of their behavior
Misery, broken security, broken dreams, simple dreams, hard to reach. The dead body who dreams of the grave of the grave dreams, while thinking that his reality is the nightmare. It can be because he does not believe in his air that there can be life in the misery that he is living in. Indeed, ignorance and the resulting bitterness can never be allowed after the day. It is the state of people in our country or anywhere in the world
Exceptional. The restaurant is wonderful and excellent. The housekeeping service was not as good as it was on reception.
good . Location, restaurant, service speed, hotel cleanliness. The bathroom is poor, slotted in the washing machine, narrow bathroom, and a small bathtub
Excellent service for the amount paid. The hotel is clean and excellent for families because it is far from the crowded area and does not want a bar, as well as close to it services such as the supermarket and laundry, as well as restaurants in the Silicon Building and also delivery service to complexes as well as restaurants and also its proximity to Dubai Airport. The rooms are a little cramped because there is a new building next to it, there can be some inconvenience, some people standing without a permit in the position of the disabled, and not preventing them from that.
Serenity . The location is great and the location is very quiet. Water collects in the water cycle, the bathroom surface level does not help to drain the water
Rarely read a short story and this deep impact on your soul enriches you. A dream of a funny man who was ridiculed by everyone around him as I read the story. Find me cross the shadow in a group of events. He decided to end his life so he suddenly fell asleep. He dreamed that he committed suicide to move to that beautiful world, which has long been dreamed of a world inhabited by people who are unhappy and do not know neither hatred nor envy live in sharing a world of pictures the writer in a wonderful way that makes you wish that you are there
good. A place for marine sports tourism. Size, spaces, and services
An interesting book that makes you feel as if the writer talks to you and tells you the response and the various events that happened to him and other people.
That revolution in feelings that caught the heart with a state of external stillness as well. The memories, stories, and images overlap .. They become confused, then they gather and go to settle in some corner of the heart and mind ... As for the rest of the space, it is for another temporary world, the world of the novel or rather the world of the prison in which I enter it if my hands touch its pages. I will not go into politics, but who is ignorant of it today, other than those who wanted to ignore it voluntarily? But the politics of the novel liked me a lot ... Maybe the poet’s body was imprisoned behind bars, but his soul remained fluttering in the sky of freedom .. Maybe the writer was banned from the pen, but the words did not prevent you from memorizing, writing, and weaving… Does he do the taste of injustice and cruelty to humans like this? Does it make him a poet or writer with a heart that flows and beats words? ..As for what I liked the most, it is being alone with the soul, long meditation and the company of books. ..... ... .. once again thank you for writing and writing ..
Very cool and classy hotel. Permanent smile from the staff, speedy fulfillment of requests, fulfillment, cleanliness and sophistication in dealing. I hope that the Wi-Fi is free for all of us, and I was given free Wi-Fi throughout the stay
Exceptional. Cooperation and dedication by Mr. / Waseem Al-Sayed, and Hussein at the reception. Cleanliness and meeting requests The restaurant is delicious and sophisticated treatment in the service of everyone in the restaurant so they have all thanks and appreciation. Good understanding and apology by Professor / Waseem in handling and remedying what was asked of him. I hope to have a future stay at this high-end hotel and facility .. change the suite that I have not rented to a lower class suite and that was not remedied only after alerting them that what was booked is not despite my introduction to the receptionist reservation number but I don&#39;t know what the reason is That? There is a sound of music with a disturbing sound in the hotel entrances and halls. The presence of voices and inconvenience by the workers who complete some of the remaining parts of the restoration work in the hotel. There is no sound barrier as they indicated in the room.
Between love in God, the scene of their madness and the answer of Malik that you are abundant, and the presence of the most merciful of the merciful here and there, this book spoke .. In the beginning I felt bored and was not attracted much to the first part of the book, but I do not deny that I have overwhelmed that man to his thick owner who did not tire of sending The messages are his, insisting on his guidance, and from love in God to faith in him, not any faith that it is the life that lives and dies, the great news in which they are different .. And then to the court of hell yes there where the faces of loved ones and friends and possibly enemies, shackles in the neck Hell is inhale, exhale, and the owner knows only one answer: you are staying. To me the mercy of the Most Merciful, the One who always here and there always waits for us at all times to plump us and contain us and compels us to break. There is always one of the most beautiful and honest things I have ever read in this part. His words touched the soul and the heart, words that could not be read from her readings, as if what comes out of the heart enters him. Thank you friend .
A light book that you can finish in an hour, but the wills that you need will and will to implement them throughout your life. Many commandments touched my heart, I needed it very much
good. Close proximity to Dubai, but also as a standard hotel with repairs.
Wonderful package. Poetry from all over the world. From different times ... but I do not deny that most of the compositions have felt that they are expressing me .. really it is poetry .. madam. Thank you Dr. Ghazi Al-Qossabi
very good . The presence of a small market in the hotel and its association and save the visitor to go out to buy simple things. I told the staff at reception to clear the entry and exit procedures
Why did they knock the walls of the tank? ... painful:
No comment written by Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud. I am not able to classify it as a book, a philosophical research, or a novel, but in the end a great message arrived
I do not know where to start from describing this novel, or its author ... I liked the language that he wrote, and his regular style ... and its events are very exciting ... a deep and enjoyable account in which I liked strong questions ... worth reading.
Exceptional. I hope all hotels in the campus will be like this. By God, I have years of frequenting Makkah and consider this number.
It may be in it, but in the general overall it is very sweet
Exceptional. . The only thing I didn&#39;t like about nightclubs
Exceptional. All of the hotel workers are highly respected and upscale, and I advise young people and families to stay there. security guard
A small novel by a boring person ... a government employee in the early twentieth century, I think, believes that life can be summarized in two words..welcoming and bidding farewell. He is coming from a very poor environment, he completed his education by a miracle, and he became an employee in the government office, so his days pass through and he tries to reach the highest position he can reach in this system. Rather, he is only concerned with the degree of his job that he is looking forward to following his occupation, and he fully believes in God despite his heinous mistakes .. A small narration about that period in the history of modern Egypt .. Good and worth reading, but I do not recommend it to a beginner in reading or someone who gets bored quickly as it needs to The readers ’insistence and determination to complete it ... p Basma countryside inherent reflective. Pardon the human being in his torments. R God has created beautiful stars to motivate us to look up. P at a moment in life that equals taking it seriously and whoever is in it is messing and joking.
Exceptional. Everything was neat and beautiful.
Exceptional. Excellent in everything, especially the services, location and reception, especially the wonderful sister Zeinab and all the staff. nothing
This evaluation for business floor. The speed of entry into the room is excellent preparedness and the application of a good treatment agreement. Renovated and very clean rooms for information. This evaluation is for the floor of businessmen.
For the first time, I am reading a novel that recounts Eastern love in a gentle and beautiful way ... not even in a way similar to the stories of royal imagination ... With all this love permeates grief, destruction, and separation to try to scatter it to destroy it, but with strength and steadfastness to the heart of the great female, and with love for that steadfast East, there is hope, hope
Beautiful view of Burj Khalifa and the dancing fountains. everything. Building sounds in the adjacent buildings in the morning
good. Its location near the emirate mall. Room cleaners are not perfect at work
Nice . Quiet security site. No Arabic coffee, no spa
..To them. To the deceived by a copy of Islam they still chant it by their prophet, while the first fact is that the prophet went with his copy, and we remained for the copy of the priests and sultans .... It is a book that managed to pull me from dedication to the last page without getting bored. Al-Jubran is a bold thinker who speaks louder about things that have always been on my mind, but I have not found answers to them and I have not tried to discuss them with anyone. Is religion to perform prayer in a temple, or is it religion to establish a person in people ??. Is the revolution a homeland for another country, or is the revolution a homeland for the people ?? . The author believes that religious institutions based on sectarianism or what priests call them took control of the minds of the simple and the weak and traded religion to achieve worldly ambitions. Jesus, Moses and Muhammad die in the face and the priests live in a thousand faces. One word between heaven and the prophets has become alpha. How? And there is only one Gabriel. Always there are those who visit the gait of the prophets. . Religion in the Republic of the Prophet is what gives life and not what is granted a synagogue and a priest, and that the Prophet searches for man in religion and the priest searches for the stones of his temple in religion. . Likewise, priestly historical Islam built another ignorance that is greater and greater than the first ignorance. When building a temple became more important than a hungry person, the issue of permissible and forbidden is more important than supporting the weak. The Prophet, may God’s prayers, peace and love be upon him, summarized the reason for the deterioration and underdevelopment of a nation in total. . Al-Jubran calls for a coup against the temple based on sectarianism and calls for existentialism and the need to return to the principles of prophetic Islam and destroy the myth of historical Islam built by jurists and sultans. His words need contemplation, and his thoughts should be stopped at length
I read this book years ago and enjoyed it despite the presence of large parts in it. I see no reason to mention it. It is a beautiful novel.
Very beautiful . The reception is great, outstanding, cleanliness and services. a thing
The parts that transmit the mystical soul were not saturated to me, they should have been little increased. The title of the play suggests pain and injustice, but my reading of the spirit of Hallaj was not suggesting that he received what we call humiliation with a sense of sadness. He received his imprisonment with consent. bravely. When they were interrogating him, I did not feel that he was aware that he was in a trial, but that he was in. A mystical dialogue that tries to make every word of it peace on earth .. It was actually in another world that only sees the face of its beloved, and for this I imagine that his tragedy was not a tragedy.
Wonderful enough sadness to inhabit you for a full year
Exceptional. I advise all families to choose Marjan Resort because it provides an excellent family environment as well as the geographic location that was carefully chosen to provide a canopy throughout the day and enjoy the fresh air. It also has electronic games and a restaurant that provides a fun family atmosphere for children and all family members. I strongly recommend choosing Marjan Hotel on an island Marjan also does not provide alcoholic drinks and this is a very good feature in the hotel, which strives for the comfort of families .. I have not seen any negativity in the hotel, all the hotel staff is very respectful and helpful.
Hotel evaluation The hotel is very small about a room which makes you feel that a small family The hotel is very close to Taksim Elham Square in Istanbul and close to the bus station and very close to the metro station The hotel kit is very helpful and the hotel is very clean and spacious rooms and breakfast is excellent The reception set is very hey and very helpful
Among the best literary books, I am surprised how Radwa Qadr describes the feelings of the Palestinians, even though they are not among them is a wonderful miracle, may God have mercy on her
Leah&#39;s first meeting with the writer ... I am not able to say, but I actually concluded the whole novel in two days .... the language is close to the bike language of the currently educated youth and a description of the situation in Egypt at the time of writing the novel. I think that the revolution was difficult to succeed in this rapid fashion in a country like Egypt, like what Ahmed Murad described through the novel.
I apologize for writing review in this work .. I think it is better to change the name to the story of humanity .. or man .. I do not want to go into details or in its characters, or in events that you will not feel for a moment that you are reading giant volumes each of them exceeds three hundred He forgot it and seals it with the last part of five hundred pages. Time passed by a generous passage between us. We only cut us off from the voice of the human beings .. A literary epic is really ... He left you with only one side of your person and entered into it from the side that you deny ... He must study this work For our children to create a normal upbringing ..... it is sufficient to describe the work as the epic of the greatest humanity.
Gorgeous . Cleanliness, buffet and staff. Transfer to the campus
If I were asked about the most enjoyable moments of my life, I would have answered without hesitation that it is the moments in which this triple read me to the last heart accuracy ... Yes, you have read me, but have adopted me and have intertwined with me as much as their events did not intertwine ... In another book, praise Al-Awad, commented on his tunes and my passion for them, how much I wanted to meet you, oh, praise .... it is complete abstinence. .. between Bukhara and Riyadh between the Mongols, the Turks and the Mamluks ... you abhor these facts When I mentioned the subject of history ... and how much I loved it now ... until now I did not understand how the title made me read a thousand odd pages in three days ...
Beautiful hotel. Cleanliness, attention to room service, and comfort for guests. The location is relatively close to the campus. The breakfast buffet is great and varied. No Wi-Fi in the rooms
Reassure him who have children. Good reception and hospitality, cooperation and indulgence by the reception, cooperation and smile by Rum Spurs, affixed to the Mall of the Emirates, and thus makes you have reassurance for those who have sons, that all your needs exist without trouble. The presence of maintenance in the hotel, which causes you some inconvenience from time to time, but does not prevent public comfort
Why did they knock the wall of the tank. Know yourself to know your enemy
Yes, uncle Qandil .. this was my favorite novel in the bathroom .. why did he stay because I found a very difficult thing that I read it once so You digest it ... this history is like a lamp of love that tells us about it .. from time and soon ... It feels like we are in a maze that is more distant than it is near ... continuous struggle for power, money, beauty, immortality, from what I found most true in our history : Kill a king and become a king ... what a wisdom it would be if the oldest had learned it ... Perhaps she knew it and the relatives did not realize it ... My problem now is that I have no need to read it in the bathroom
The title does not seem attractive to the reader who begins to read Dostoyevsky. Demons still have a better title, while crime, punishment and Karamazov are getting more popular. Perhaps if the Russian critic who had sealed this novel with a small article, in the Russian version of Raduga, believed that Dostoyevsky was seriously considering the name of the disorder of this novel, he might have caught it in sight. This is the second work that I read to Dostoyevsky after the crime and the punishment, and the requirements of his reading were that the book, which I found fit for loaning from the Sharjah Public Library, so I borrowed it. And I never imagined that I would read one of the best literary works out there. In fact, most of the attention is directed to seeing the work within the method of self-education, where it becomes clear to the narrator: the teenager Arkady Makarovich, that after he wrote these notes he re-educated himself with a new education, and that self-evaluation and self-cultivation is the purpose of this novel. I do not dispute this logic, especially since the novel actually tolerates this interpretation, but I believe that the work needs to be read from other levels, and therefore I will start with giving my impression up to my final opinion. Initially Raduga Edition is a very comfortable edition, the book cut allows you to carry it and hold the book with greater comfort, the font size is appropriate, so it is better than the various large editions, even from the Arab Cultural Center. In this novel, Dostoyevsky&#39;s true greatness, unparalleled among other novelists, highlights his amazing ability to probe the depths of the human psyche and depict the motives, motivations and behaviors, and the smooth transition between the inner monologue and the external dialogue, but he increased it here twice: first, he relied on the narrator’s voice It was interesting to see all the strewed threads of events being organized in this manner, as Dostoevsky had to balance the role of the observer and participant in the events, and the events that took place outside his circle, and perhaps the diary style is the most appropriate, because it makes Macarovich say that he used Ed leads that lacks after the events ended, but it is told here in the context of an agent Abt reader. The second issue is that he narrates the biography of a teenager with great ingenuity, including the contradiction of great dreams and rushing dreams, great ideals, the desire to show off, eagerness to draw attention and flaming emotions, how did Dostoevsky enter this adolescent&#39;s mind and highlight it with these precision and folds? Adolescence is inherently very difficult, because it bridge the transition from childhood to maturity. Also, when we are transformed into maturity, we forget these ideas, as if our current personalities are the product of sudden casting, not a process of passing experiences, remembering adolescence with a kind of nostalgia, attitudes here or events there, but we forget how these events occurred on our souls at the time with a degree of exaggeration. And amplification, and most importantly, we forget how we were thinking at the time. With Dostoevsky I somehow managed to get it back, as if I had crossed Makarovich but I was re-reading myself. I don&#39;t like to burn events, especially since the acceleration of their impact, especially with the second volume, makes it more enjoyable to read them. It can be said that for me Arkady represented the sensitive naive, who suffered a miserable childhood from marginalization, and he tries to impress his family and to have a role in the events despite his claim to the opposite, and that despite his negative problems, his mineral was good in the end, but evil is its source As Dostoyevsky mentioned in his talk about the merchant: Maxim Ivanovich expelled the orphans from the house, not only because of evil, but also because one sometimes does not know himself the reason for his stubbornness and his insistence on his idea .. In most of my belief that fancy and stubbornness is the source of the evil deeds of Dostoyevsky, The proverb that followed Persilov, his intense fascination with Kat, leveled Rina Ivanovna, our infatuation is no way to ward off his evil, or the naive form of Makarovich&#39;s stubbornness, the narrator, and his desire to have an idea that prevails over people, and Varsilov revealed this idea very easily. This is not an intelligence from Versilov or a good one, but rather because the father and son are very similar in character. Makarovich did not improve until he realized that he could preserve the content of his idea, but to change its shape and orientation. For this only was the self-evaluation of Makarovich, not because he was able to write his memoirs. Rather, because he chose not to be a captive of stubbornness, and to hear advice from those around him
My first reading of Suzan Aliwan&#39;s works. Some prose pieces came out normal, some came out more than cool. I chose them: ==============. I have a lot of silence. And wonderful coffee. Crazy cylinders. I know you love her. As a dark spot in the light, Suzan Alywan. Alone I am alien. Not like anyone. Alien Susan Aliwan
good. Close to the sanctuary .. not to eat breakfast every day the same eating. Narrow rooms.
How can I, as an ordinary reader, fulfill this wonderful novel, its literary right, every time this writer surpasses himself? I don’t know where he has that tremendous amount of sadness. This novel is wonderful with all that the word means
Romantic hotel, a beautiful and luxurious hotel, romantic view of the sea
Wonderful. Very luxurious and clean. Internet only browsable washer does not work
Gorgeous . Everything is beautiful, the location is great, close to the sea, the balcony view, the Wi-Fi, the staff are all excellent, especially the Emirati brother Hashem. I was separated by three rooms, two rooms with two single beds, and a room with a double bed. Atoni, the three rooms with double beds
The novel dealt with artistic and sophisticated clashes between civilizations and the position of the third world
From the Afghan literature of the writer Atiq Rahimi, the events of the novel to the end were good, but I have a little reservations about the end, how a human who is the length of the novel who is almost dead does not move and does not speak, only the thread of breath connects him to life, suddenly and quickly when the woman finishes recounting her secrets she is surprised by beating her to The wall violently? When and how did he gather his strength so quickly?
A person’s life is of good and evil, pain, suffering, happiness, joy, nature of his personality, aspects of good and evil in him, and strange depths are among the most wonderful and most beautiful things in this world. The book is distinguished by a wonderful aesthetic and poetic language that wandered in aspects of its personality and what irony of life The psychiatrist suffers from mental illness and undergoes the most difficult forms of suffering in the book. Life shows as it is with its beauty, its suffering and its contradiction.
Excellent hotel. everything. Wi-Fi was weak
Excellent hotel. They respond to all my needs. The bathroom is not enough
Exceptional. everything is great. nothing
Although I do not know much about Sufism, I enjoyed reading the novel, and I found myself sometimes tempted by the rules, sometimes disagreeing with them. For what I liked is the combination of the narrator&#39;s life and his attachment to the past time. I am satisfied with the four stars because I naturally do not like the sad ends, and you endowed me with the end of Kimia
In a city whose inhabitants are not dying ... If you think this is good news, you are mistaken. One cannot live without death even though it appears as a seeming contradiction to life, but we really must die in order for life to continue.
Amazing and successful choices that Mohamed El Dabaa brought to us. It is one of the books that you will read repeatedly and will not tire.
May God rest his soul, Dr. Genius. This book brings out another aspect of his personality, which is his political awareness, his forward-looking view of events, and his shaming of criminals and his defiance of Islam and the weak. History has followed his truth. Suffice it to mention the word Burma time and time again, the one that we did not know existed not long ago
The coolest book by Sheikh Al-Arifi
Exceptional. The responsible employee, Grace.
When the writer addresses you and listens to him when he argues, listen to him when the book is truly companion, then ask questions and answer you when he makes your prospects. You open up on something you had overlooked a book of truth, a right writer, a teacher, and a friend who enjoyed reading and accompanying this book. God have mercy on you, our teacher, may God have mercy on you
Inside every community his people bark behind the one who throws their bone, and inside every person that dog that barks, but it is important that we silence it
Exceptional. . Everything is complete
The next comment was before knowing that a second part would be released, God willing, in January. . What is left? . I dont understand . I was enjoying, not normal, and I said Tamer Ibrahim, I am not taking his right, and the novel is proof that he is an unnatural genius. Suddenly it locked me. Until the last part I was amazed by the suspense. Terrible suspense is not normal. I would not be able to read the book had it not been for the circumstances that prevented me as well as an hour to read without interruption. The style is beautiful. Really a student of Dr. Ahmed Khaled. Suspense of mockery of the speaking style with the reader. You are so cheerful. Suddenly the story was concluded ... to the point where I was thinking about missing pages. And so it really remains the same style of Dr. Ahmed Khaled at the ends that sometimes flare up. I do not know . I feel that I need time and need to read the last part again to evaluate it. But there is no doubt that Tamer Ibrahim is a terrifying talent. An accomplice who is completely in control of events ... and fully capable of controlling the reader himself ... as if he is content with me and says to me, &quot;You will not stand apart when I am saved.&quot;
Beautiful stay. very good. The internet and mobile horoscopes are very weak
Wonderful. . Prices are very expensive for drinks and restaurants
Comforts . I liked everything. nothing
Exceptional. Fast entry and exit, room cleanliness and quiet. Provides all services around the hotel. The sofa was consumed, g needs to be changed
The most beautiful vacation with Mr. Mahmoud Hashish is an excellent hotel and special service especially on the swimming pool and the beach.
Patrick&#39;s creativity lay in integration ... before he created his character, he created the place with its dimensions ... France was the stage of events for being the stage of perfumes, and among the most odor-infested country ... a psychopathic character seeks perfection ... Jean was not killed for murder, just as The killing was nothing but a primitive way to extract the smell ... the smell seduction is dominant, and its smell was perfect ... and it is all that is sought ... It was hidden without smell, its existence is equal and lack thereof ... he struggled to remain from the beginning, as a curse that afflicts the people Usually ... Have you ever tried to see the world around you with a sense other than sight? Thus, Jean, seeing the world by smell, analyzed, inhaled and kept ... He did not intend to be a murderer ... except that he wanted her, or more precisely he wanted to fragrant her ... her perfection, which contains the whole secret ... He did not know Something about the Lord, as he did not know what the feelings were ... it was a parasitic curse, which does not constitute an entity, a tick that hides itself waiting for an opportunity to throw itself on a creature ... He needed the smell to continue ... to breathe their perfection, try perfection, and die after it ..
Joanna’s story is a vivid illustration of the Kurds ’struggle for freedom. The worst thing is that every painful, painful, and brutal line of what characterizes the policies of Saddam Hussein and his collaborators was realistic and I spoke to the ground that what really disgusts me is that there are still people today who sing the glories of this tyrant, but I don’t know. It is about human beings calling them or have pity for their ignorance because they may be ignorant of some facts and crying out from their chests of sectarianism and racism that are still tearing our countries apart, the story of Joanna is a cry not only from the Kurds but from all humanity .. How can the souls of people be cheap in exchange Greedy greedy mercy do not know or t Pest .. Pictures of torture, killing and fatigue of the wheel are still circling throughout our countries today .. Joanna the Kurdish voice who is fighting who is looking for his independence that courage that has overcome difficulties and hardships in a dangerous and bold adventure for the Kurdish cause and the pursuit of freedom is what I liked in The souls of those Kurds and that stubborn Kurdish continuation of patriotism. This enemy will never be able to conquer Kurdistan. We, the Kurds, sow for later generations the embryos that we carry in our guts, we women, for a free life for them, not immersed in refraction, nor by oppression, and we are ready to sacrifice everything in order to reach our freedom. .
One of the most famous restaurants in Seattle is a sophisticated and elegant place in downtown. I tried many dishes, most of them are good and few were ordinary. The favorite dish of Louisiana Pasta did not enter this place and what I asked for.
excellent . I like it excellent, I like it.
good. The apartment is large and brother Ziyad is a respectable person. Slow entry and exit procedures and no free Wi-Fi
A hotel of utmost respect and thanks to them. Thank all staff of this hotel. nothing
Wonderful, although the magnificence was little to describe it, I ended it nearly a year from now, but the second reading has another taste that opened my mind to many things. An experience I will never forget:
The best regency life. A wonderful experience, an excellent location right next to the sanctuary, free parking, and truly wonderful staff an unforgettable experience that I will repeat, God willing. Only internet speed is slow
Exceptional. Everything was amazing, especially the reception staff, and their sophisticated treatment until we asked to change the room because our crowd disturbed their families with their clothes, and they gave us a bigger and better room than our room, with a quiet place and a free buffet tomorrow as a satisfactory. , I advise and stay strong.
very good. The service is special. Building sounds outside the building
The novel is a masterpiece that deserves four stars. All people spoke of it as tragic, horror or police. No one has guessed it, it is a revolutionary novel of the first degree. Indeed, the injustice of what makes the human being more aware of the needs of his life, what he imagined was in him
Reading challenge. A book that you did not buy. A crime in the desert or an appointment with death if we translate the original title of the novel is a police novel from the novels of Agatha Christie, which takes place in the Middle East and exactly in the cities of Jerusalem, Palestine and the Jordan Patriarch, and this reflects the impact of Agatha in this region during her visits to her .... The investigator here is Hercule Poirot, whom you likened here to Detective Togo Mori from the Japanese manga, Detective Conan who wherever misfortune befalls him, and a crime occurs, in the King Solomon Hotel in Jerusalem where he spent his vacation, he heard from the balcony of his room a strange phrase: and for this all must be killed to happen after two or three days A member of the Pontoon family, a mother, was killed T was also required Attlltha Booze hotel .... The novel is not without suspense element and as usual with Christie Valenhaah is unexpected and the criminal who is always unthinkable. . A third work I read for Agatha I hope there will be other readings. The book is from small pieces, the quality of the paper is good, the writing is clear, but as usual, with the books of freedom for publication and distribution, there are some typographical errors, and there is a defect in the sequence of pages, even though they are numbered .. I give my thanks again to Salma:
Excellent hotel I would recommend staying in. I liked the location, excellent cleanliness, good services, comfortable room, varied breakfast, respectable parking service, and excellent internet services as well. My note about the place for entertainment, sports and swimming pool where he needs more attention to cleanliness, especially around the pool
very good. Good handling and speed of reservation. Quiet and cleanliness is second to none ... The room is very small.
Not so long ago I bought a novel from Japanese literature so that it could be the first reading of my reading in this field. Days passed and I did not have the opportunity to read it. But Kafka&#39;s novel on the beach has always appeared in front of me, so I see it in the arms of my friends, and I always see her in the interface of this application, and she often reaps the full five stars. To extinguish the curiosity that flared up inside me, I decided to read it, and I am sure that the Japanese are more superior than any other people and the reason is due to the enormous distance that their imagination can travel compared to their peers from other peoples, according to the Japanese, the distance traveled by his imagination is not measured in kilometers as is the case With others, it exceeds that; it is measured in light years, as we know the light year is a unit for measuring high distances and not for measuring time as some believe. The Japanese use of their imagination is what makes them at the forefront, in everything in inventions, in art, in cartoons, and in literature as well. Kafka&#39;s novel on the beach This narration, which came to a page to deal with opposites, a fifteen-year-old escapes from himself, and elderly people in the sixties would like to regain himself; events intersect and the sky falls thick and hung, and the elderly cats happen and the dog follows and ends with him killing a father The child, but the child is stained with blood and not the elderly, and the boy gives up running away and the elderly struggle to regain himself. And I will count as a liar if I say that I understood the astronomical philosophy behind the folds of the book, but there remains a wonderful philosophical experience and something beyond what we have written in our literature.
very good. . The toilet is closed by a glass partition
Great, but Wi-Fi is not free. The hotel is great and the staff is very friendly and courteous. The only problem with the hotel is that the Wi-Fi is not free and you need to pay AED 1 per hour
Wonderful. . I asked to extend the exit time, even though I am a HIG member, but I did not attend the card, but I had membership in the Priority Club, so they extended to one and a half.
Heliopolis is one of the most beautiful hotels that I have visited, where its location is excellent, the reception is good, and the most beautiful is the varied buffet. Right on the sea and the prices are right
Take from the atmosphere of the society and its hidden things and bring them to the surface so that people will see them .. against those who blame them for the audacity in the style .. the shame should come and go so that people feel the crisis that we are in ..
I did not read the book read, but I heard it and was exposed to it through the documentary film in which the Egyptian philosopher himself, may God have mercy on him, participated, where he shows you his geographical and intellectual journeys, especially his story of doubt for certainty and what affected him. I influenced Al-Masiri and revealed to you how much this man was a human being with a common sense, who later realized it despite his volatility and his experience in the world of conflicting ideas.
Exceptional. Everything was beautiful .. especially the reception deal.
As usual Karim El-Shazly:. Clear style, selective words, salary ideas. He touches the heart and communicates his idea with a success. :
Very beautiful hotel. Nice.
It is true that this novel is fictional, but the writer managed to live the imagination as a reality in a way that describes and narrates, the novel is beautiful among the best novels that I have read.
Although the name did not tell me about the content of the book. Except that the book is good. And it is worth taking into consideration every word in it
: //. / / =. Three posts I wrote about the configuration part. :. A great biography, may God have mercy on him
The good is good, the price is acceptable, the factory is well known, and it has a reputation and guarantee, Al-Arabi, fast shipping, and preserved the good well
The best books on liberalism ever. It discusses the fate of the liberal theory in an impartial and objective way, away from foolishness or extremism. Strongly recommend it ,,
The use of language to denote the meaning, attitudes, and ideas that covered this bloody period in the history of Algeria was a very moving and suggestive effect of the horror of the war .. At the same time dreams, creations and details of the life of the heroes of the novel were a special impact .. On madness, creativity, dream and illusion. And exile. North Sea balconies are among the masterpieces of your village
Reading Arab writers of different nationalities is like moving between a group of open wounds, a very painful account of the tragedy of Iraq.
The events of this novel revolve around political figures, a businessman, a journalist, a psychiatrist, a poet, a philosopher, astronomer and a spiritual. Each time someone shines a spotlight in a sarcastic way, revealing the deceptive face of him to finally meet in a tragic way. Mmm the novel is wonderful and very much like most of Ghazi&#39;s novels, I like his sarcastic style and I especially liked his talk about the concept of addiction in the words of the psychiatrist and it was one of the passages that solidified in my mind despite the passage of a long time since reading this novel. Very beautiful and recommend it
Nice and light novel. Interesting to the fullest
The receptionist is bad. I like all hotel services, location and price. I did not like to meet the receptionist and our delay in entering the room even though we are clients of the hotel and are always going to get off .. Knowing that we know that we are coming from the Emirate of Abu Dhabi
Great place, the room does not have carpets, but somewhat acceptable, the tv, local channels, are airy, and its size is quite small. A quiet and beautiful place in a privileged location on the international travel line in Abu Dhabi, at a relatively acceptable price, excellent addition and comfortable rooms. There are no carpets which gives an uncomfortable impression to me personally, the TV channels are only local and the rooms are fairly soundproof.
Seriously, I am more than wonderful. I know a puzzle that I do not know. I do not fear it. I can turn into a monster, but I will not be able to judge it.
Good for the second time in a row. Breakfast is good and varied. Excellent transportation. There are buses around the clock and more than one bus from the sanctuary to the hotel during peak time and crowding. The staff are excellent .. Carpets at the reception are old and unclean, foul odors on the seventh floor, and I changed the room to another cleaner role.
Exceptional. Breakfast was very excellent and varied.
excellent service . excellent service. An incomplete breakfast and forgetting some important things, as the rooms are like water and toothbrushes
The most beautiful places near the sanctuary. The reception is excellent and the rooms are very good. The service of the workers for bags is not satisfactory, the service is not good
Anecdotal group, to say the least, that it is charming and ironic, dissipating the contradictions of dozens of faces that bear in the misfortune of thousands of questions. We do not read a narrative and a ready-made story here. Rather, it is sturdy and demanding. It requires the smart reader to reconnect the text chandeliers of the title to all the vocabulary betting on them in each text. The ashes of the notorious house, head-to-head conclusion, etc. Headlines It is difficult to guess the contents of the characters except by creating you with sentences of pictures that speak only of magic in communicating the magnificence of magnificence .. How not and creator Naguib Mahfouz ???
A very interesting book, and there is no exaggeration of anticipation .. And more than anything I liked it, it is simple and it shows the spirit of the Egyptians that we have been missing: Thank you for your love and laughter.
Hi . Calm, privacy and comfort. the price is high
comfortable . The place is calm.
Very beautiful book. I advise every woman to read it
Her words were not like words. Flush feel, slender feeling, sincere to the maximum. ..Nicked with Hadil in the depths of the memory that is hidden between the two books of this book. .. Cooing. God bless you
A very great book. I read it in about months. Advice for me will read for the first time. Try to accomplish and do not talk a lot when talking. Explain everything that goes deeper. I think I need a second reading, but after a while:
Here I am a reader in Amman, and in Palestine specifically in the Jenin dreamy camp ... Where am I from these notes before? How can my assessment of my hero Al-Barghouti be less than wonderful? Take a look at the notes of this militant militant. To find myself raining a huge number of questions. What is love if not war? What is war if you are not born with love? Paper letters, puzzles, symbols, secrets, revenge, love and war. It can only be from the heart to the heart .. It is not love that the Palestinian resistance fighter Qassamis is not a fighter. It is not love if it is not created from the rib of difficulties and tribulations. It is not love that his perfume is not gunpowder, and it is decorated with Zagared or a Palestinian woman who is deposited with her son, a groom and a martyr .. Ask about the fighting love? Let the answer be a Palestinian who knew the case Habib Oli. And the beloved had a second issue .. How can I grieve over the conditions of a country that I deposited in the hands of God, with whom the deposits are not lost? It contains a factory for men, for pride and pride. To withstand and dignity. There are factories of revolutions, for every Palestinian female is a revolution. I have great pride in him, I belong to him, and I will return one day.
Gorgeous . The location of the hotel is excellent for the campus, the services are excellent, and I recommend staying there. nothing
Great location, high price and cleanliness. The location is very special, the furniture is good and the price is quite high. Cleanliness was not up to standard, there are other alternative and better locations
Excellent . Special thanks to the manager Mr. Roshdy, the receptionist Fouad and all the hotel staff for the excellent services they provided to the guests, and the hotel deserves the privilege. If only the prices can be reduced
Exceptional. The hotel is adjacent to the mall and they have a common entrance. The mall offers shops, famous cafes and restaurants in addition to a cinema.
Clean and spacious rooms are amazing. Frankly, the hotel is very beautiful, the rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable, the staff are good, and the breakfast is excellent. There is a bidet in the bathroom. nothing
On the slopes of glory. On the slopes of glory .. In this title, which consists of a letter and two words that drown in them an ambitious story of the youth of a nation that was overwhelmed by the problems of the time that it reached. The novel begins with the story of that respectable young polite, whose life is filled with beautiful moral values that have made his mind a door that opens up to future horizons. He grew up in the arms of his mother and the absence of his father .. He lived his life as an orphan of the father, but this did not make him a young man who failed in his dreams, but he went beyond that to dreams that flew like a peace bath. He wanted the good for a nation and a nation he found himself belonging to. This young man devoted his early life to achieving a dream .. I love him so much and drowned in the fields of science in order to reach what he aspires to. He worked on himself and on that dream a lot, and he found in his life an affirmation of his determination with the order of encouragement and interest. Yes, he is .. Dr. Iyad, who studies him at the university and later became his uncle :: Abu his wife .. He saw in him an ambition that rivaled a nation with its greatness and also a moral that seldom finds someone who shows With her, is there anything better than that to determine the fate of his daughter in his arms? . He reached his dream, which is beginning to reach what he aspires to, and his salary was at the first beginning on the faculty of medicine ... And the end was ... Read it. In this novel, two groups are at odds with the university community. One of them is bad, their insight was blinded to the path of righteousness, and therefore they had no aspiration to reach it except for gasping for lusts and pleasures, but glory be changed. And the other is yes, the youth of the ummah who possess ambitious and will .. determination and delusion .. morals and discipline are a symbol of humanity, diligence and ambition are the right example for young Muslims. The difference between the two teams ... is a wonderful novel that I am sure that every person who will read it will change his life and start his right vision towards life with the emergence of:. This novel opened my eyes and woke my sleepy senses long ago on many concepts that burdened my mind with what it aims to make me fully aware that the beginning is from ourselves .. unless Islam rises in our souls it will not arise in the earth. How does my heart fall asleep on this fact that, if we think about it well, we would have reached, reached, and achieved many, many. Also, the ego has become that each of us thinks for himself and not others to advance his interest in the interest of his nation. Look, for example, at the university community. We go daily and are amazed by many and many. We see nothing but many bad concepts. The indifference and chaos of indifference in a society where obesity has become mixed with it most of the time, for how long we will remain like this, for how long will we remain asleep in the cage of loss? Do we all realize its importance in reforming all this? There is no answer because the answer has become a rare coin that no one dares utter. Our values, our morals, our beautiful principles, where are they, gentlemen, why do we not occupy all our senses and all our moves for the sake of the interest of our religion? Why do we not devote every one of our actions for the sake of God for the sake of Islam, where do they protect them from us? The university community is the beginning of the renaissance and awakening of the nation. We must realize the value of the seat on which we sit, realize what our role is here and what our duties and what our rights we have to realize that we are the essence of progress and progress and ascending there at those stars lined up together in the sky. And Shroudy raised the writer&#39;s words when he said ::. We all stand at the doorstep of an unknown future, unaware of his conditions, events, and tales, so we do not know when death will drop his black curtain over our abundant life, and we do not know when the departure is fooled .. We only have the present incubators to decide on, but the past and the future have nothing. This is because the wheel of life spins in one direction, and death did not happen if anyone asked permission to come ... Death does not ask anyone, how many have died who deserves life, and how many have lived who do not deserve. This young man, the hero of the novel, represents us all, how many dreams we dreamed of, and how many aspirations we live in the hope of achieving them, and the cycle of life revolves around us. . :
Great hotel by any standard. Location, cleanliness, calm, comfort, classy staff .... etc. nothing
Is this the end, Hussein? This is the beginning, my love:. I watched the movie first and then read the novel. I do not stop seeing Faten Hamama in my imagination, and I do not stop reading the conversation with her voice, as well as Hussein in the voice of Saleh Salim and his view .... Although the movie is great, the novel is greater and greater .... Is there pious
clean and tidy . Cleanliness and quiet knowing that stay is for one night. I didn&#39;t notice Shi Kun staying short.
The book is very beautiful. I liked the style and the simplicity of the language
Prolog:. Kaya epic about salt, blood and tears. A study characterized by perfection and intense craftsmanship of a writer who I see has stormed the world of writing, especially in the most tangled and difficult countries in the Arab world, here in Egypt, the land of fictional literature and a source of fertile thought that has always been consumed by the Arab country. Knowledge stormed the name of Sonia Boumad, the Egyptian market with this novel, and I see that she did not take her media and distribution rights purely commercially as it should .. Sonia Boumad pen that pen carved from the woods of the country of the cedars and was leveled in the furnaces of frosting Vienna almost exceeds many of the Egyptian writers surrounded by the false aura of fame. She is a brilliant writer who enters into the depths of the human psyche, touching her with the hopes of the woman looking for peace and the lost right. This has been evident in the pages of this artwork, known as the Egyptian, a professional industrial workman, so I hope that you will give all the right a true diligent and that Kaya reaches the hand of every free Arab reader Looking for peace and psychological reassurance, because that humble writer is above all a human being who deserves praise and appreciation of her work through the acquisition of this artwork. You will not regret the sincerity of an insatiable Egyptian continent .. Evaluation:. One day I had the privilege of talking to the author and welcomed the humble spirit of a reader like me to evaluate this work fiercely and precariously, and I will not comply with that for any criteria of friendship or favoritism for that and building it I deserved the novel in my view four out of five stars, and this is in itself Surviving a cash guillotine, whether building or demolishing, I think the work is very successful, but it slipped from the edge of the concession by restricting a few meters. Negatives: . Perhaps the most prominent negatives from my humble point of view, which reduced my rating from stars to stars reasons, exclusively, not example:. The style in presenting the events of the novel I do not know if this is a technique followed in writing, I do not know what it is, for example, but the system of cutting the scene and transferring to another quickly lost me some of my enthusiasm, there are some parts in the plot that needed to be mentioned in the details and the atmosphere of the place in terms of rhetorical analogies or display content Atmosphir in every chapter of the novel because this sudden interruption and rapid transition in days and events killed the novel in a sensitive place. The part on ancient mythology needed to be a little bit more because it was very interesting for the reader who was introduced to mythology for the first time. This part is interesting to me, perhaps to read the old mythology and the story of the Coronus and Zeus eternal struggle if there was an account of the events of events from the mythological era or exposure, for example, to a prison trip The legendary Mount Tartros was a neutral impetus for the reader, in my view. As for the last negative, which is not describing folklore or the framework of the intellectual or social peoples represented in customs and traditions, he needed to be more than that, meaning when Kaya comes to Egypt, he is struck, for example, with the voice of the piper, and he knocks on the gas pipelines, awakening the people of the house or the bean seller, for example, or even What distinguishes the people, I felt dealings with the crust of things, exposure to the revolution, and its affirmation had to be stored in the service of the dramatic framework and plot of the novel. Positives. The idea of linking the past with the present with the future is an experience that has been successful in the pen of Mess. Boomad in a new form not recognized in travel through time .. Addressing the old mythology in fiction literature is not an easy issue and needs a lot of research and proper scrutiny, given the multiplicity of jurisprudence opinions on conflicting mythology tales . Art has always been an addition to fiction literature, and this became evident in the mention of Yanni&#39;s music. This is because I am a musician, singer, music writer and a brilliant pianist. The idea of the United Nations and human rights organizations is nothing but a heresy and a lie that was enveloped by senior people or the countries of the first world to lead the countries of the third world like life, carving out the resources and goodness of the rich world, and he does not know that for brainwashing from the people of high folk lines at the end of the novel they were like Summing up the whole thing, well done, Sonya, shabu. I raise you my straw hat in awe. Addressing religions, nationalities and peoples, especially religions in the form of tact, and giving the space to display each religion in the framework of tact and interest even Buddhist religion and the idea of karma and the penalty of the gender of the work is a vivid example of the methodology in the success of writing. Taking up a sacred taboo claiming sex or homosexuality in a way that makes adults not ashamed to own their children for this book Sonia succeeds in staving off this thorny rift by narrating sex in a form that does not scratch modesty but rather as a father explaining to children that in a framework that does not scratch modesty and does not provoke instincts and if it were The writer wants financial gain from that novel. It would not have been easier to do, like many writers, by narrating sex suspiciously, and forcing God into a commercial, disgusting capitalist fashion, a salute due, Professor Sonia. Characters: . Europe: The Lady of Sad Endings played upon her naivety at times by falling in the same mistakes of love as if she did not learn. Every time the curse of Zeus was present embodied in a man of the modern era and Europe is a humanitarian issue that exists in every society for the people who sell their daughters to the first foreign rich who is a victim And guilty at one time is a mixture that cannot be separated by a homogeneous royal mixture. Eddie: A man of this time made a small mistake that killed her and I wanted him to kill the love, but it is a living example of greed, masculinity and sacrifice. IFA: The affectionate mother, and in the life of every person Eve and IFA touched the touches of compassionate kindness like a river of loving balsam. Mickey: A human being even if she is lesbian, but she must be blessed with her humanity and not be slaughtered with the weapon of racism. Nadim Adi Karim: Many faces of coin and Zeus&#39;s legacy throughout the ages care and sanctify the body even though the love of the body, I am in nothingness and the love of the exalted spirit in the eternal world of beauty and mysticism is the adornment of this worldly life and is what lasts like Platonic love. Chiffon: Incarnation of Hera through the ages, associated with things, the tendency of marginal utility, blessed with money, sex, and luxury without fatigue and no effort. Always there is always that cheap woman in every society, and unfortunately, they will be successful and assume high positions. Stereros: Late embodiment of the Valley, that complete king, the positive mix of all who have known Europe, starting from Zeus passing through Adi, Konrad, Adi, Karim, and Nadim, is the complete manly, peaceful consort. The finals. I thank Kaya, the land embodied in the spirit of Sonia Bomad, who united all peoples in that work under a passing umbrella through the times and ages of the ancestors. The writer has proven that literature, culture and art are a language of communication between the peoples of the countries of one homeland between the civilization of Egypt, the originality of Lebanon, the Iraq of Iraq, and the freshness of Syria. We are all brothers in the belly of Kronos, an unjust claim of Western intellectual colonialism. Kaya&#39;s novel was a window into the unity of origin, the existence of inner peace, and the necessity of believing in the self because what does not kill increases strength. A work on top of the wonderful needs publicity, and only everyone wanted to acquire this wonderful epic, because it is a mental travel ticket through time for an eloquent and humble writer who deserves praise and thanks. Waiting for the next work of the pen and rice cherry, Sonia Boumad .. the Egyptian reader is insatiable. Mohammed Ehab.
A book of revolution and very talked about and the talk will not end ... until I retrieve my previous copy for many notes .. I strongly recommend it
good. Frankly, the treatment of the receptionist, brother Saeed Al-Zahrani, was the utmost courtesy, politeness and hospitality.
Am I fanatical of dreams of Mostaghanem? I think so. If you put her name on white papers, she would give her five-star comfort
Very reasonable. Yeah. No Xiae
Among the most magnificent things I have read where the novel The Miserables abounds with an overwhelming flood of wisdom and profound philosophical reflections, which makes one stand in the mind of life and man with such a delicate sense, and great humanity; What I liked about this great literary edifice, its movements, here it talks about the injustice that prevailed in France in that era and how society can generate hatred and hatred when they wronged Jean Valgan and how they can make him a good person with charity and a criminal who is maligned with abuse and then his transfer to the tunnel of politics that prevailed in France in general and Paris in particular After the fade of the French Revolution, and lost in the twists and turns of the romantic talk, he mastered this and indeed an interesting novel that accelerated its events, and when I finished it, I felt sorry
Abu Abdul Latif. The apartments are clean with the attention of the staff and the guests. The lighting inside the apartments is distinguished. The air conditioning is very good. Inconvenience of excavation equipment in the morning as excavation work takes place in the two streets that border architecture
A comfortable, beautiful hotel and I would recommend it. Helpful and helpful staff. Wi-Fi was a little weak inside the room
Do you know the books that weep for separation and completion? Do you know the books that you love so much and think that they are really a friend? Do you know .. This book is one of those books .. I postponed reading the last page of the book for several days not lazy but for fear of finishing it, a book of the most beautiful that I read, not only a biography, nor a narration Distinguished in the offering, but it is a life experience that includes stories, experiences, tips, information and more .. I admit that I laughed and enjoyed some parts of the book and others that I cried about, especially the story of his son’s death and the lamentation poem that he wrote and which I repeat now as I write. You would not read the entire book .. The author talked about his life in general and authority Highlighting important points such as the prison stage and how its impact on him in the future, as I mentioned earlier, the book is not a narration of the story nor a boring talk, but a simple and beautiful literary formulation and a way to present more than wonderful as is customary from the writer .. One of the things that I liked in the book is that he did not speak About himself as the speaker, but he spoke about it in the conscience of the absent person, and he used to recite from time to time, and our companion meant that he meant himself, I do not know why I did not like this point to this extent, but it is worthy of mentioning, also what distinguishes the book is extracts from poems that may be from the writer’s own pen or from Another pen and some beautiful literature and quotes Wonderful for some thinkers and the great, also in terms of printing and taking care of the book, I did not find any misspelled and this is rarely the fact that the book a second edition and is located in approximately pages, use simple graphics before each memory was a fingerprint and the character of a teaser memory short and clear interest ..kabar from the author. Quotations:. The book, as I mentioned earlier, contains tips, experiences and ideas. I quoted many many lines, but I will share some of them with you. . When you see a complete person in front of you, you must remember that he was not suddenly formed. And there are many details that are confusing, skeptical, and weak. And the successful ones did not come out like truffles suddenly, but rather they graduated into the paths of success. . It seems that the necessities of education for the boy to carry a degree of sense of importance and search for a role from within himself, and that good employment for that is the best solution to the adolescent predicament, rather than the disorganized escapism from discipline, or being dressed in a much broader garment than his soft and thin body ... However, one wise person himself realizes the factors of success or failure in his career and career, and when he invokes patience, perseverance and persistence. He continued, inevitably, and let us say, God willing, an investigation, not a comment as was said by Ibn Taymiyyah, may God have mercy on him. . Whatever life you see .. it was yours. He who thinks that life is a dangerous place full of threats; he will find a world full of fear, sadness, frustration, and a person who believes that life is full of tremendous opportunities and marvels that one can go through; As I mentioned earlier that the book writes in his reading a book. Greetings to you ... for more here. : //. //
I think that Azazel&#39;s story was the reason I entered the world of reading, indeed a great novel
One of the most beautiful books that I have read indisputably, I enjoyed reading every letter and line of the events of the novel that brought together two civilizations and two completely different countries. I felt the true meaning of the poverty experienced by the rest of the countries and the curse that controls our Arab societies in general and the Gulf in particular, as the reputation, reputation and talk of others has The ability to control the course of our lives in a great way, I learned a lot about the different religions, civilizations, and confusion that the hero went through, and the simplest details of the novel are strange, beautiful and interesting also.
The true story is what touches your feelings and makes you joy, sadness and memories
Wrap it up. This strange word consisting of the Mecca taxi, which may not be understood at first sight, is in itself the Bidun, the word that is not found in the dictionary and in the term human paper, but it is present in reality. All unusual of this problem listed with love, longing, frustration, success and the rest of the meanings that are found in the details of life. Very enjoyed. .
Excellent quality. The service is beyond description, a full-time crew, and a caring guest.
If I intend to return to Abu Dhabi, this hotel will be my address. The hotel is excellent, and it is located in the exhibition area, the staff are confused, helpful, and the cleanliness is excellent. I liked the word, private and excellent parking. nothing
Very valuable book:. It includes a careful and deep detail of a number of mental and psychological differences between men and women, and it also provides magic keys to explain a number of behaviors and situations that come from one of the two types and baffle the other type .. I was a lot surprised during my reading of the book, not because of the apparent manifest atheism in most of its lines, but because This deep, accurate vision and solid understanding of the differences of man and woman is from a writer who believes in the theory of evolution. Darwinist express is present strongly and is constantly repeated throughout the book, and the reader will notice the writer&#39;s treatment of man as an animal that has evolved with the passage of time and this is surprisingly very strange .... except for this, it remains a valuable book and really worth reading
A very old friend. . The last books of the late Ibrahim Aslan. On these pages, Aslan discusses his life from childhood to age. To the middle age, it does not show us in a way full of warmth and tenderness. The different stages of life, which are beautiful and happy memories for us. Sad and unhappy people and their characteristics and characteristics. And the situations that occurred with them and were completed with their small details. Aslan recalls those situations with a lot of humor and lightness. It makes you feel as if the train of a lifetime has passed you through different stations. From your life while you are sitting in your place His method of dialogue between the characters of the novel reflects his deep view of relationships. Among friends at different stages of their life. . And how do they affect moments of happiness? That comes to us from time to time, no matter how many times have passed. And whatever punishes us from his times
good . Room, cleanliness, price and good location. Congestion at reception and check-in
An interesting novel that differs from the traditional novels Ghazi Al-Qossabi, may God have mercy on him, created it as a novel, but it contains a good amount of information ..
I found my shadow in the hotel. Location, cleanliness, sophisticated handling, high floors. There is no
One of the most beautiful short stories ... but I am different with the author in the story of an honest woman..No she was not honest at all .... I do not mean that she needs and wants to raise her daughter, she is selling herself
very good . The place is very close to City Center. The room service is very slow, if you ask for something from them and hours they did not respond to the request, even though the response is made by phone and we wait, and nobody comes to the service.
His genius style parallels Ahmed Matar&#39;s words in style and content. The bee bites and gives us honey and the snake bites and gives us medicine and the government bites and gives us its back. Sad, ironic, sad articles that melt in a single crucible inside you. He mentioned that the first edition was a year .... It comes to my mind as I read his pride in us while we are betraying our homeland now .. We are betraying our terror and oppression that has nourished and nourished ... something that bothered me in the book that I did not understand the secret of choosing some titles .. and their association with their articles. The book is interesting, had it not been for me that I became bored in places of elaboration in it.
Exceptional. Breakfast is creative and varied, and in the week end, the time is fine: an imaginary thing.
Some moments are not twice as old. I heard this talk before?
good. Wonderful. the service
First Abu Dhabi Hotel. A very very very beautiful hotel. The pool is closed at hourly clock
Despite the bad translation, the book is a treasure trove of knowledge
Among the most wonderful books written about our great master Sayyid Qutb, may God bless him and grant him a beautiful and martyr in Dr. Salah that he was reviewing his information with Dr. Muhammad Qutb and the friends of Professor Sayyid, and if he had erred he said, I have erred in such a wonderful book of translations that God will accept this work in that The dust cleared from the eyes of the people, and he introduced them to Sayyid Qutb, I wish Mr. Farid Abdel-Khaleq used to speak in a better way than Professor Sayyid Qutb in the Islamists ’Program, and he witnessed the era about Mr. Sayyid Yalla, he is with his Lord, he will hold him accountable for every word he said and completely contradicted everyone who testified to Sayyid Qutb. It was first for him to say the word of truth about the fact that he says I cried for Abdel Nasser when something brain died Z and that the cause of the plight of the master professor words empty, faith, sacrifice for the sake of God, perhaps the professor Vredavdil Mona God but I highly anger from him and from Al-Jazeera because of the Islamists and a witness to the age is not necessarily to be honest, every witness
Traveling . I liked its location and services. The hotel is old
Picasso and Starbucks. Simple style and depth in the idea. Amount of optimism fills this book. It gives you a big positive for life ... and a different bright look. Inspiring inspiring. I loved the Paulo Coelho part. He liked his definition of things from his point of view. Nice this book
Exceptional. Apartment organization, hygiene, buffet and reception. The parking is tight
Fun spirituality and beautiful calm. Location, hygiene and breakfast. Cleaners always look for tipping.
The book is beautiful, it is short stories and phrases in which I speak about the needs in his life in vague needs.
The first time I read Radwa Ashour, but it was an excellent start that made me love her and I love her style. About Faraj. I like it, its relationship with her sisters Nader and Nadim. Her regret after the death of her mother and her father. Her grief on firm and arrows. Coexist with Hamdiyeh. The novel was endowed with everything in it. She known me as Mrs. Fortunafortuna, which the ancient Romans imagined, a blindfolded woman holding an enormous wheel related to humans and their destinies.
Excellent. Cleanliness . ... and rest ... none
Wonderful stay. The hotel is quiet and service is very good. Away from the sanctuary
Exceptional. Everything is excellent from the site to calm and rest. nothing
You must be crazy to understand what is written on the white paper .. You must be crazy at least once before so that you understand the language and decipher the talismans: / But it is certainly necessary to be crazy because you enjoy it
Good commodity for the price. After use, we did not find a defect. And fully compatible with our desires.
I did not see Ramallah only, but I saw all of Palestine with the eyes of the Palestinian expatriate. Palestinian feelings regarding his land and his cause .. Nostalgia and longing for the past destroyed by the occupier. The book contains a history of the story of torture and diaspora. With all its experiences and obstacles, it stood in the face of the Palestinian, who is fighting the whole world alone and away from his homeland. ..... A very, very wonderful book:
May God have mercy on you, who are ours after your departure and from the Arabic language and culture after yours lost? Wonderful language from its pure sources, delicious and enjoyable style, the effects of timeless masters ... not less than the five stars but an increase
Try it beautiful. The location and services provided from delivery to the Dubai Mall and the view also the children&#39;s pool was excellent and would be open until night at night The smell of the lobby is not good and also the smallness of the lobby only
Exceptional. As for the price, it is very excellent. nothing
good. Luxury hotel.
I would not advise anyone to stay in this bad hotel. The location of the hotel is excellent. The handling of the staff working in the hotel is very slow and bad, as is the cleanliness is very bad and the room furniture is very old and needs to be changed, the conditioner is very bad as well as the power of the room&#39;s electricity works with a voltage of volts and this does not help you to use electricity in the room such as a mobile charger or a water boiler or even an electrical device that works Strongly
Excellent. The staff are excellent and the reception staff is very tasteful.
Exceptional. Swimming pool, not the most spectacular view overlooking the bay, everything is nice, the reception staff. Sign-in delay
Rest at a reasonable price. Location, room, breakfast and internet available in rooms. The presence of some insects in the shower room needs maintenance
The moment is for the sake of what we have and time is the most precious gift we offer to others..to believe ourselves and believe that we are worthy of the fruits of our dreams.. worthy of love..this success..happiness..the inner peace that everyone is searching for and who only senses them for a few moments when reverence and moments of meditation .. The moments of reconciliation with oneself, which quickly melt as wax melts, so if a person enters the circle of life that people live with fake faces that do not die to the innocent nature that we depicted on them, we do not have that, so we seek to have more, so we fight to preserve what we have, and we are not We accomplish it in our lives, so we seek competition, and hatred and grudges multiply..and we are People believe it towards us, therefore we seek to satisfy them, corruption and hypocrisy prevail .. And between that and that waste is lost instinct and we lose our hymn that we created to perform to complete the great cosmic hymn..a novel worth reading..a journey to discover a truth that we know but we always forget it .. they say that whoever reads a book changes inside it Something during my journey, and as one of the inner peace seekers, I think I found some keys that lead me to a crossroads in my journey .. Although I feel that the novel is a mixture of some of the well-known human development books, I enjoyed it ..
That is, a cognitive devotion with which this book was written .. Any devotion to knowledge prompted a researcher in mythology and history of religions to study modern physics to support his interpretation of the origins of the religious phenomenon in man .... The book is truly remarkable
More than wonderful novel, despite the relatively expected end, but the plot was fun and you have to make a movie
The house when I am not at home .... An additional advantage is the wonderful pool area and the long day on the back side I looked at the place next to almost all the hotels in the sector and we were not disappointed at all There is a bus when you want to go to the sector, etc., but also the situation Around the hotel helps a lot to relax. There is an apartment with one large bed with bathroom .. The view is not bad from the balcony facing the best sector at night because there is a waste area between the hotel and the bar. The barbecue area looks good and we did not use it because we only stayed days, but we are glad that my religion is around next door Excellent value for money ...... When can we return:
Genius ... take over your brain, my stump ... long as you are creative
one of the best I have ever read. A book that made me feel like I was actually in Ramallah, made me see the Palestinian issue from a new angle ... The writer&#39;s style is not very casual and I look forward to reading other books for him.
Female merit merit:
good. . In the annoying side of the building, workers work
A successful Arab administration with Brother Safwan. Special thanks to the night manager, Mr. Safwan, for the good handling and facilities. All staff are excellent and professional, and I repeat the thanks to the Tunisian director.
Elif Shafak is a wonderful novelist, no doubt about this .. The plot of the novel is amazing, its details are accurate, the events at the end of the novel are shocking and frightening, making your breath hold you wishing if you did not know the truth after you wished to know it .. Shedding light on a historical aspect motivated me a lot to learn more about that era and more about Armenian people
Thanks . All the crew are excellent. nothing
The hotel is excellent, but I didn&#39;t like the car park. Yes, I liked it. The car position
good. A beautiful hotel close to the sanctuary that provides you with everything you need. Wi-Fi is very weak, breakfast from hour to hour only
And still crying my love to this day and I will continue to cry and love you in that together
Excellent. Cleanliness, services and excellent location. nothing
Good stay, thanks. Everything is very clean and the room is good and the rest is good. The cleaning crew knocked on the door and along the door was opened and we were sleeping and this I did not like
good. . The two-bedroom suite has a one bathroom and the flat area is very narrow
Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. The hotel is great by any standard.
good. Having an employee stops your car in parking spaces without getting tired. The internet is very weak
I am like astonished. I first heard the audio movie and admired it until it got addictive. Then I read the book recently. Its only drawback is its many details. But when I read it, I got the picture. As I read it, I felt as if I were seeing the heroes in front of me ... their details .. the hadiths of their souls ... and even their demons. I knew what I did not know before about the truth of the Antichrist, which I always underestimated. It was written on the forehead of a disbeliever, so he will confirm it. The movie helped me and affected me a lot, and the book came to complement the picture. Thank you Khaled Al Mahdi:
Excellent hotel. The service was excellent, the chef is just excellent.
Khalani&#39;s book, I see the changes that happened to us as a people with a social and class view, after what my view of the reasons for decline was purely political. The book is formulated economically in a simple style, considering that the writer is an expert economist. There is almost no chapter in the book unless the idea of the rise of a certain social class or the decline of a second class is, unless the reason for the occurrence of the phenomenon that the author discusses
The stay was very, very impressive. The services are excellent as well as the staff. Wifi is poor
Mice come, protect people from plague. Ah, painful. It is the first thing that I expressed when I finished the novel, I was devoured by accusations, lived its airspace, finished it, and I do not want it to end, if only their imaginary button existed truth, to stop the events and repeat them and live and not make them end. Chick when he hid his name ,, I would like to get to know him as I got to know everyone on his tongue ,, my mother Hessa, Bibi Zainab, Saleh, Abbas, Sadiq, Fahd, Hawra, Fadila, Fawzia, Aisha and everyone else ,,, It is filled with memories, and because I am not from Kuwait, maybe the small details hidden in the bowels of the novel, do not mean anything to me as the names of the streets, but he painted a picture for me. I lived with them, the details of the story, between the events of the past and the painful details of the day, that it is a reality, which Saud tells, embodies it in front of us, the aroma of sectarianism around us, that draws our future for us, is this really what will become of us? If we do not pass, they die ... If you pass, you will die. How do we end the pain? Who is responsible for our division, division, and dismantling of our unity. There are many around us, Saleh and a number of Abbas. Stop them, stop them, listen to his warnings. Many quotes stopped me ,,. I don’t know what to choose or leave. Mom&#39;s mice share || Saud Al Sanousi
Exceptional. The Jordanian receptionist is very elegant in dealing. We wish him good luck always.
Very light and delicious
Light and easy to describe the feelings are nice, the most important thing mentioned in the novel was about the feelings of the mother, the mother can only be great .. To the author wholeheartedly. And to the readers, all caution may be worn by Hogan, who knows
Perfect for families. Location and services close to it. No variety in breakfast
The book is wonderful and encourages you to read from it. I knew from it many personalities who could not know it, for example, the Turkish writer Aziz Nisin and Orhan Pamuk and others from the book of bones. I was also encouraged to read some movie novels that I saw and decided that I would read the novel after the wonderful book Bilal Fadl, like the story of Hayat Bay&#39;s story and the perfume novel, among others. The most beautiful thing in the book is the list of books that the writer encouraged them to read at the end of the book. I advise everyone to read this book before any other book.
Excellent . Peace be upon you. Honestly, a hotel is worth all the amount I paid in. In particular, I am Salman. I congratulate the hotel on the presence of the most honorable employee in the Egyptian national staff. I have a man of ethics, helpful, and high morals. The hotel we add very, and their dealings we add near the services Food is cold in the restaurant, and after it is from the metro from the hotel to the airport, about one dirham, Dubai mall, one dirham, the Chinese market, one dirham, the global village, one dirham
good. Speed of reception. old furniture
Wonderful. The location is excellent.
Good trip . The very staff of the staff welcomed them and welcomed the location and proximity to the campus. The room has a bad smell
Astonishing is the way Yusef Zidan described the way America is making terrorism. Indeed, the events of this novel are staggering. His questions .. As if the novel criticizes religious fanaticism and America and the security services in the whole world .. Frankly, it is worth reading
Many quotes .. I felt that the end was unsatisfactory, not described adequately, and I would like it if there were more details.
family journey . five stars hotel. The cable was broken
Praise be to God until praise is over. The staff is very helpful and wonderful. The price provided by the booking is twice the price offered to some guests from a competing location for the reservation .. This made me sad
wonderful wonderful wonderful . Everything is great and near the shops, there are food groceries and clothes washing machine opposite the hotel, and there are also restaurants located a kilo from the hotel and minutes away from the unique hall for celebrations.
I loved the atmosphere of this novel .. The language is deeply simple. Because I heard so much about her, I didn&#39;t expect you to like it so much. It was a beautiful experience
What is your name? Absolutely the most beautiful. The experience of the end, the purity of the beginning, and the similarity of the medium, between an old woman who accepts life and a child who possesses it. Wonderful ... coincidence that the first six stories here are about a child and the last one is about an eighty-year-old. No, I liked the book:
One of the interesting books that always remains stuck in the memory despite mixing some imagination on the story, but the narration of the details is fun and honest, just as the feelings of pain, denial and suffering open the door of your mind and your heart
As Einstein said, We are prisoners of our specific senses, and nothing seems realistic as our senses perceive. Neither the colors are the same colors, nor the stars are the same stars. The sequence of ideas is very impressive from the beginning of Planck&#39;s quantum theory to the conclusion in the fourth dimension with clear and reasonable evidence. The book attracts its reader very much as if it is a novel and not scientific facts that have opened our minds to the seriousness of exposing puzzles in the interpretation of the vague and wrong .. I recommend reading the book
One of the coolest books ever
Surprised me, made me laugh, cry me. Its chain details, its non-vulgar relationship, its weeping logic, its painful comparison. All combined to form this interesting mix of a novel that I consider to be one of the best that I have written. Buthaina. The pain of the myth of the nation and our naive patriotism made me laugh at the face of what the country offers us. I ended it in a session, but it left me floundering of questions and distracted in the logical answers. I really don&#39;t know when my mind will calm down.
A respectful point of view in describing simple, complex love. Useful for those involved in emotional attachment
I wish you more. Breakfast is good. If the breakfast place was more spacious and spacious
May Allah give you all the best. And put it in the balance of your good deeds
When I and Ali Hisham got to know Facebook, I remember that he told me that he published his first book, Public Transfer, and then felt it swallowing his saliva before saying: I have a year of year of excitement that I bought his book and I bought it hours ago from now and finished it within a minute and read it accurately The book absorbs me and I try to absorb it .. We are definitely facing a phenomenon, as we have become accustomed to the depth of the writer from the depth of his experience, but Mr. Ali breaks this rule easily and conveniently owned by his generation, as it gives the reader that he wants a certain depth that has no direct relationship to his years of life .. I am surprised when I find it in transmission General stories or thoughts written and author at the age of thirteen or fourteen from The date of writing is at the end of every story or thought .. When I write a scene that I like in my novel, he smiled and I envision myself as a painter. I grabbed a brush and painted the scene. When I read, I might imagine him holding a luxurious camera, Canon or Nikon, taking the picture as it is and putting it in his book without commenting; this was After what he wrote on myself, it is easy for me to criticize his style in places, but the truth is that he is talented and he put his foot on the first path of being one of Egypt’s influential writers, and he will pour criticism here that has no place, and if I would share with him between me and him an interesting book and a talented writer that makes me optimistic and makes me feel that I am I grew older when he smiled, and I rejoice in the future of Egypt when I have one Its promising youth
Excellent. . Responsible for coordinating the reservation of cars, whose office is in Soha, whose name is that you are Rania for tourism. His treatment is very, liar, and dates are incorrect. We sat at the airport, waiting for hours and took us dirhams. I ask him to be held accountable and return a payment paid to the aforementioned on my account because it is incorrect and exaggerated and a liar
Any description or comment that this novel will not fulfill its right, devoured and this rarely happens with me, Ghassan Kanafani every time I read to him I have a strange situation and I can almost assure that it will not be repeated, I was with them in the event moment by moment I suffer and feel my soul burning, pictures of escaping from death to death In a way that peeled her body, I groaned me, O Ghassan, and I clapped for a woman who was aching and amazing me a bracelet that was alive or dead
Exceptional. The service is great and the staff is very nice, especially the reservations department, the buffet is very nice and fresh.
From . The comfort of the bed and the large size of the room. Double pushing sprinkler water
Every page she read in the novel came out with a new feeling, even though all feelings poured into more and more hatred and anger. The style of the novel is good in terms of narration, but it is a sense that its atmosphere holds two messages, or at least that which I appreciated was the first message, hatred and hatred on the upper class, and the truth is that if I lived the same conditions as the poor class in the novel, I would have more hatred than this:. The second message was that it is not good to always win, and if I lived, even if God was not able, the conditions of reality that worsen day after day had reached stage de, and God would have been fortunate that I would be one of the poor people at that time. And its hour, I will not be more than a souvenir, and its hour is of the highest duty, I protect myself and I will not be the scapegoat who fonds the revolution:. The last thing I will say is that this novel is misery embodied in realistic words. Allah with you Egypt :
Great hotel for family through my experience. . All. The hotel was good. Exactly perfect for entertainment. Distances for some entertainment and games
Siblings in the world are many, and a miserable one like me cannot erase anything from their misery and misery, so I cannot say that I will spill over their hands these expressions, perhaps in my crying over them for comfort and solace .. .. This is the introduction to the book of Abras for Manfaluti. They are indeed expressions, so they hardly move from one story until the other is the saddest and greatest misery. All stories are a tragedy, most of which share the sorrow of the lovers and the misery of the poor, the sorrow of the oppressed and the torment of the bereaved .... Perhaps he called it Al Abraat; for the Abraat which flow from the tears of the characters of its stories, which voluntarily coincide with the lessons of the reader interacting with their painful human events ... The stories are a wonderful orphan, the hijab martyrs are very important, the abyss, the penalty, the punishment, the victim, the notes of Margaret, the rest of the notes. One of the painful passages that I liked this passage from in the story of the martyrs of a mother who lost her son is singing, saying: What are the happiest mothers who precede their children to the graves, and the most miserable mothers who are preceded by their children to it, and the most miserable of them is that poor mother who comes to death as a beard, and she does not know whether she left her son Behind her, or will she find him in front of her? . ==. However, I blame him for this very pessimistic view of life .. Hope will always remain in God .. And the relief is always close
Exceptional. . The hotel does not comply with the cost of booking from the internet and the cost of Wi-Fi
A great, wonderful hotel worth the experience. A great location and a luxury hotel especially the sea view and the large size of the windows is very wonderful and fast handling and the size of the room is good. The value of breakfast is high, up to half the room price for two people. There is no private entrance for the hotel&#39;s residents.
very good. The hotel is ok, clean and affordable.
A hero like this may be convinced that the Zionists will be sentenced to life imprisonment. But that the Egyptian judiciary condemns him to death. Summarizes the case of my country named Egypt
The book that made me cry makes me laugh ... and made my longing for Palestine more and more burning .. Our Lord honors us with a prostration in Al-Aqsa Mosque .. Our Lord honors every expatriate and returns to his country ... The book&#39;s language is wonderful and smart .. How do we love Palestine, so how do we tell us about it and describe it to us and be among its people? ?. Quote from the book ... Every person has his darkness ... Every person has his right to darkness. The years are on your shoulders ... doing her slow act without ringing any bells. We had to wait a long time before life taught us on our long journey towards wisdom and sadness that even the comb teeth are not really the same. It&#39;s easy to blur the truth with a simple linguistic trick: start your story again. We did not lose Palestine in a game of logic, we lost it with coercion and madness
Quick-digest snacks. With it I learned everything about this miserable disease. And I lived with the patient the experience
Excellent . Excellent. Pay with credit
Excellent. The lobby is very beautiful. The internet is weak
Perhaps it would have been better to have an appointment with loyalty, purity and other beautiful meanings. I bought the novel a long time ago and probably read it before the book fair, but unfortunately I am late to comment on it. The novel may appear to be a classic about a girl who clings to hope to survive after the departure of her relatives, and to arm her with loyalty in the face of treachery of the world. The language is thin and upscale ... and the dialogue is light, youthful, without vulgarity or resorting to exciting scenes to attract readers. A date on the squirrel is a novel that I do not fear for my sister or the daughter of my friend who will read it, because I trust Ahmed Said. Waiting for the next work
Beautiful stay. The location and its proximity to GPR, Wi-Fi, hygiene, reception reception, coffee shop, supermarket and delivery washer and close also, room service, cashier. The hotel does not have a large crowd of reception, time of entry and exit, and the absence of a secured organizer at the time .. In the beginning I lived in a room that differs from the required specifications due to the delay of the population in the work of the Czech Out, but it was changed after my requests .. The hotel lobby is small
Beautiful hotel and apartments. Cleanliness, spacious room, and wonderful services. Away from the city center, it is very far
Deposit:
This novel is shocking at the end and confusing while reading it, what war does to us is what this novel can convey to you, beautiful and read lightly.
The advantage is that it is on the GPR Walk. On the GPR, restaurants around you and the supermarket.
Haruki, when he creates the spirit from the body, leaving the mind in the folds of illusion in the virtual worlds that he made .....
very good. . Food options need to be increased
Wonderful. Everything was perfect as if I were in the stars. The location of the hotel is no nice view of the rooms
Excellent. The idea of coffee in the lobby is excellent and the brother who serves it is very cool. His name is Omar Abdel Rahman, and Bouchouche is very helpful. The carpet is very dirty
good. . The presence of women in the hotel, is not suitable for families
My first knowledge of this book, it was a gift from my dear friend on my birthday, and I later discovered that it is not a novel, but rather the result of experiences in life that dreams of a woman offer to overcome the man&#39;s might and memories .. I postponed reading this book for a long time exceeding three months because I I was feeling apprehensive when seeing his title. Unfortunately, I was right:. I read this book at the wrong time and this may reflect on my opinion on it. But I will be fair and speak from all sides .. Dreams of a writer with eloquent language eloquence that has truly surpassed itself, characterized by a style that compels me to re-read the paragraph again so that I feel the splendor of the style again in my mind, choose the right strong words and As they say Tigi Ali wound: and you are killed. What a wonderful thing you dreams I hope my life can help me to read all your writings and grow my language from your words .. As for the topic: I liked it very much for the book to be reserved for women only as it is forbidden to sell it to men, its topic attracted me a lot and added to my limited experience many experiences. I do not blame me for dreams that she prejudices on men, for I am a woman no matter what happens, and I fear that one day I will reach what Ahlam mentioned in her book, so I should avoid inserting my heart into such experiences that Ahlam spoke about, the most painful thing to me is that the book is realistic for me. To a large degree, we women are victims of the rapid whims of the Middle East. This is an appeal to women. I faced a lot of friends who borrowed this book from me and could not complete it and this is not a defect in it. Most of us have chosen the wrong time, I wish someone who reads it to read it reads it in his mind not with his heart advice .. But it remains to choose the appropriate time for him as it is a book that does not address The mind speaks to the heart and feelings, especially for women, so choose the time for it. The quotes that I liked are endless, because he is really cool, but with the choice of the right time for him, I was left with the lack of choosing the right time with a feeling of indescribable depression and frustration. My wonderful doll dreams
good. The Saudi reception staff dealt with respect and service, may God reward them with goodness, cleanliness and capacity of the room, near the hotel from the bus station for transportation to the campus at the checkout time at noon. It was written with the reservation inclusive of the Ramadan Iftar, but when we entered with breakfast, they said, &quot;It does not include breakfast, sohour only, and it was written at the time of entry at noon.
One of the most beautiful things I&#39;ve read ... even though the end is sad and shocking
. Clear, smooth and orderly .. its reading is obligatory
great experience . The hotel is very nice and the staff are very nice in addition to the beauty of the surrounding area and the facilities of the hotel. The smell of the rooms was not good despite the smell of the beautiful lobby
One of the best things I read for Dr. Tamer Ibrahim, and to what extent, in the first place, unexpected plots and an amazing narration style, let me listen
The strongest point of this novel is that it is a single session, in a dialogue between a professor and his psychotherapist, which contains a huge amount of information and allusions with a template that mixes sarcasm and insanity. I consider Al-Asfooriya one of the best books of Dr. Ghazi Al-Qossabi, as it reflects an educated, philosophical and literary background of an exceptional writer.
One of the important heavy books that you need to read more than once in order to be able to give your opinion about them in all transparency, neutrality and clarity ...
While I was talking about my Palestinian girlfriend before yesterday due to what is happening in Gaza now because I liked to reassure me about her family and herself and because I like to hear the truth from the words of those who witnessed it without prejudice and without fabrication. We took the words to the militant, then he slipped us to Ghassan Kanafani, and we ended up with his letters to Ghada Al-Samman. She reminded me of them. I had read some excerpts from here and there to these letters, then I suddenly decided to read them and here I had finished them .. My feelings are mixed; Beautiful and the amount of his love for her is my imagination, but I feel guilty because she liked me, he has children burning every time one of us read these messages and a wife whose heart is broken because God gave her to a husband even though she did what she could she could not replace Ghada for him .. but away from reality and what is mentioned in this Messages I loved his style, his simulations killed me, and my passion for reading all His work .. And disagreement on whether Ghada had published these messages for non-noble purposes such as fame and money or others and whether Ghassan really agreed with them to spread these messages or not, I hold them responsible for their words and I will consider them sincere, so why do we attack them? There is an agreement on that. I, as a person, prevent me from being shy if I receive such messages from seeing her for my girlfriend or if I have written it, but I am not Baghdad or I am Ghassan and in the end each of us will do what they like without caring for others ... simple, easy and enjoyable .. note; I have not read all the opinions in End of the book.
And it is not more beautiful than a novel that leads you to experiences you did not know before, except a novel that defines for you and accurately the feeling you have always felt and confused yourself in describing and diagnosing it.
Among the books that I read at the time of a mistake .. Because I read it while I was in the army after my failure to get a job and I came home to perform military service .. And with how much frustration I was in .. I read this novel because I am providing my concern:
Extremely fun and contains information widely included in the scope of the novel. A documentary novel, so to speak, and tells an important period in the history of Egypt through the personal suffering of the narrator, is a fictional character and his solution in the search for faith .. The method of Youssef Zidan is characterized by a detailed description of the events of the novel, but without the reader feeling bored at all.
Exceptional. . The Internet pays 60 dirhams every day for one device only
I loved you too much ... heartache. A more deserving description worthy of her, as the protagonist describes his sweetheart, even though in fact, he is the one who pained a heart for her and my heart struck her together. I was raised by a way of narrating the events and choosing the words. Although it depicts an ordinary and repetitive novel, but it is a masterpiece that can be felt like this, because the heroine of the novel is Jamun from the same horoscope, beautiful Gemini: because of this, I felt with her, and I understood how she came to herself because of her love, and she did not see another goal in the world. And I felt a similarity in many needs, such as the fact that the girls of Gemini like to share their feelings in writing. I liked it, they talked about one of the series I love. I love this sentence: A man I love and hate my love for him .. I hate him so much
My experience at Fairmont The Palm. Comfort, tranquility, family-friendly pool, easy access, lack of undesirable people .. sometimes a water rash in the toilet. The lobby is very quiet and boring. The Internet is a dirham a day
Exceptional. Rest, cleanliness, smile, welcome, pride, the presence of two Gulf employees, and dealing with utmost sophistication. An unintended situation occurred with the reception to delay the delivery of the room, so they provided us with a meal card. I apologize to them ..... fees are high
Sweet gardens with any of us in the services. It gives an idea about the Egyptian society. And his political nutritional problems and corruption in the country. And it really turned out the people were panting behind their livelihood and much ignorance
I&#39;ll tell you about this greatness. Although I read it at a difficult time in terms of exams and so much .. However, it provided me with shelter, rest, safety and enjoyment at times of my rest ... and I always tell myself that if I were on vacation I would have preferred it to some extent to be saved ... my friend saw her As a result of the number of pages, she told me how to tell a page in a novel ... which one was bored of it? Her watch, but I was surprised that I was tired, not bored, and I did not feel prolonged or stuffed in a novel from a page, and this is something that is never easy. You will need another greatness, greatness. These are novels, and they are books and no blues. I do not know why I wrote this why ... the first time I don’t. It is not the first time I mean:. Remaining exams:
My servant, the people of roses left when they reached it..and the people of the part of the Qur&#39;an went out when they studied it ... and my family did not leave, so how do they leave? O Abd, the absence remained, what remained of me and from you the claim ... Oh Abd, the conversation is valid only between a spokesperson and a silent one. O servant .. of the attribute of the guardian, no wonder or request .. How to admire when he sees God and how he asks while he sees God. O servant, say to the slaves, if you knew him, you would not deny it ... and if you deny anyone else, you will know him. And rejoice because I love nothing but hilarious. This is a great book ... And whoever patiently reads it will seize a great sheep, and perhaps his life will be transformed into what our esteemed sheikh requested ... that he become a forgotten .. forgotten in the way to God..to be erased and leave people with their world and even delay them and not ask for anything Except his honorable face..Through the addresses of al-Nefri and his positions in the land of pride, the tears of the deported fall on what they have left on the side of God..and the tears of those who love long for the high level ... Good work .. And in my opinion, this book of al-Nefri is the greatest and for the sake of what a person wrote in Sufism .. And the kennels provide honesty, hardship, and longing and their reading is only valid.
Everything is nice, and the new branches that open us to the highest level. I visited a branch on Restaurants Street, very beautiful. I heard that there are many branches that will be opened for success for everyone.
very good . The hotel system is close to the campus and has a speedy response from the staff. Shattaf Al-Hammam brings out water on the bathroom floor
A flashes flash. Even the whole truth of a reading.
I loved it Hadeel..a honest thin character close to the heart ... she rubbed the dove so I said Hadeel about herself ... Hadeel is the young blogger who left the inspiration ... This book contains Hadeel&#39;s writings in the back room section of her blog. : //. . // ... But what is learned from the purchase of this book is that its proceeds go back in favor of stopping Hadeel, may God have mercy on it ... I wrote Hadeel justified: only because I almost lost me in the hustle and bustle of the front street ... Death to me ... Hadeel says in a letter I wrote to God:. ... ... ... and ... ,. ,. ...,. ,. ... and .... ...,:. ... .. ... She rubbed the dove so the cooing ... The silence of the dove ... the coo died. May God have mercy on her, with great mercy, and have mercy on us, if we become what she has become .. And gather us in the highest paradise .. Oh God, amen ..
I was confused about the number of stars that I give to this book, but because I liked more short stories that it contained more than my distress than the other, I gave it four stars. Some stories deserved the five stars deservedly like Zoukana how much I loved Munira and Astrolabe a great woman&#39;s paradise and my name is the blemish monkey beautiful Jameel and my libraries and the quarry of silt and the story of the boy who was able to see sleep and bowling. I loved the bravest children of the world in the house of the witch and Dixie, why do the people of Ras Al-Sakhr eat more? But I did not like all the stories, nor stories, in which the writer inserted himself to the point of inconvenience ... I will definitely wait for the next writings of this writer
The most beautiful and most valuable reading of Saadani
No need to rate a light and delicious pizza much more than Pizza Hut
The most difficult book I have ever read in my life. A state of whispering and dizziness afflicts me every time I open the book ... It started five months ago ... The truth is that when I arrived for the last third of it I decided to start again ... As I saw that my continuation of reading would be a matter of finishing the book, as I lost I became lost and unaware of most of its content ..... And today, after finishing the book, I certainly can confirm that I hardly understand the titles ... and I cannot pretend that I understood every detail of it. The book&#39;s difficulty lies in three points: Eloquent arabic language. Ancient philosophical terms. The language of ongoing controversy, if we did not say ... and pray and we respond to them ... and that makes the reader fall into the wandering of his opinion, what? . I have made a big mistake that I am not versed in philosophy and started with this book .... I advise anyone who wants to read this book to start reading some of the entries in philosophy, especially philosophical, existential and divine ... And you would prefer to book the purposes of philosophers because it is for Ghazali also ... collecting the opinions of philosophers ... then the book of rush will be easier after it in stages .... It is not surprising that the book of rush of philosophers is one of the books of the Master of Philosophy curriculum from the depth of ... This book deals with a philosophical issue in the divinities in physics and did not Al-Ghazali was not a philosopher but wanted to respond in the way of philosophers ... So he had to philosophize to expose their arguments ... Al-Ghazali&#39;s response here is a response He relied on the philosophy of Aristotle, which was represented by Al-Farabi in the third century AH and Ibn Sina in the fourth century AH ... and they only dealt with the issue because they are more issues that contradict the frankness of what the street brought ... Like the question of whether the universe is ancient, eternal Or updated? Is the universe eternal or transient? Regardless of whether the final conclusion reached by philosophy is true or false, its purpose was to cover their way ... so that they do not rely on philosophy in divinities but rather on revelation ... which is Hume&#39;s opinion also from the late philosophers and Saint Thomas Aquinas of the applicants .... And I think I am of the most useful way to read Al-Farabi and Ibn Sina, especially the book of references, in which he presents the view of philosophers in order to realize the full picture .... His teacher Aristotle ... As for the book of the ripoff of philosophers, it is my opinion that it is a sterile debate that is sophist, tired and exhausting. Appointed .... But I was reading it, not in terms of knowing the suspicions and responding to them .... but rather as a matter of learning the language of argument and the language of logic in practice ... because philosophy will not guide you to the truth ... just as knowledge of speech does not lead to truth ... He only learned the word to answer the suspicions .... As Ghazali depended on a method that I observed in most of his arguments, which is:. To convey the opponent to confess that his opinion is not a priori, but rather from his point of view .... If he endorses it, he will be able to argue with it, and if he cannot, he may prove what contradicts what his opponent says and thus the method of philosophy proves two opposing meanings ... So the method is wrong ... .. and Dr. Suleiman Dunya greatly agreed with his presentation, investigation, and presentation of a book of the ripoffs of philosophers, and I pray to God, that is, reward him with good .... And finally ... this book is not for the public ... and I only recommend reading it for those who specialize in philosophy or theology Or knowledge of belief ... and not for amateur intellectuals ... Oh God, have you reached God, bear witness ...
Confinement types, O cousin, types of camp confinement, your house incarceration, newspaper confinement, and radio incarceration ,. The bus, the street, and people&#39;s eyes..Our ages are imprisonment, the last twenty years are imprisonment, and the chosen one is custody..You speak. Are you in custody? Your longevity is locked up ... You are deluding yourself, cousin, that the prison bars in which your vases live? Imprisonment, imprisonment, imprisonment. You are. Yourself lock up
In front of a book whose owner claims in his introduction that he is trying to build a new Islamic religious philosophy. And because philosophical thinking has no limit on it, as Iqbal says, it is difficult to judge whether Iqbal has succeeded in establishing features of Islamic religious philosophy or not. However, it is certain that he provided enormous and highly intelligent additions .. Iqbal discusses dozens of topics in the seven lectures of the book and in the narration The titles of these lectures highlight some of what he wants to say: knowledge and religious experience, philosophical proof of the emergence of religious experience, divinity, the meaning of prayer, the human self, its freedom and eternity, the spirit of Islamic culture, the principle of movement in Islam, is religion possible? Iqbal possesses deep knowledge of Islamic heritage and philosophical and global heritage and has a good ability to employ the Quranic text and understand it in its philosophical dimensions .. The language of the book is stressful for the nature of its subject, yet it is a fun spiritual and intellectual journey .. With a self-philosopher
Imaginative new dishes Whenever I go to Maki, I know I will be surprised by new dishes, but this time the biggest surprise was that I had two new dishes. The first plate is called Wafa Maki, and the second dish is called PortableBlack Angs Teppanyaki. These two dishes were amazing in terms of flavor and the art of serving. These two dishes do not roam you ...
What is all this tenderness and sweetness? During this book, many paused to reflect on what Galliano drafted, and secular about his tongue / pen, from the delicacy of feelings and the sensitivity of an eye and heart that picks up the transient event and makes a small story, even infinitesimally, from a few lines .. It prompts you to motivate the contemplation and many times what led me to cry .. Books Galliano about almost everything in this life: loneliness and autism, alienation and alienation, migration and displacement, death and life and the opposite of each of them, so what he saw most in life, and in life death. He wrote about the synonyms of the authority&#39;s shafts of tyranny / repression / dictatorship / militarism / prison / execution..etc, and the freedom that frightens them all ... books about animals, trees, birds, land and sky .. books about war or what they call it peace. From where did he have this tenderness and compassion to formulate all these meanings in a few lines and carry you to a country that you may have never heard of before, or the passage of words has passed for you without thinking that in these countries are people like you, with their lives, wishes, prayers and fears ... that the sky above us brings us together and others Under the same sun ... and that the earth brings us together and others above, and below, the same soil ... a very beautiful group and an end in tenderness and humanity.
Very good group of course
good. Comfortable, sophisticated treatment, very close to adulthood, a mall we can reach with feet and complete cleanliness. The lack of a grocery store and clothes launderers close to the apartments, and the deficiencies of the apartment such as boiling and microwave only
Thanks to the hotel. The beauty and grandeur of the place and good hospitality and provide the best room and its proximity to the mosque. nothing
In Eduardo Galliano&#39;s Sons of Days book, this creator removes memorial photos of the history wall, photo portrait, from January 1st to December. The man fills the book with images of multiple times and places that make you every time breathe in the breadth of your lungs and continue. Maybe you associate a memory stuck here with your birth, or another there with an event that touches your being. No matter, in the end you will find fun as you step onto this timeline and no commemorative picture of the Sons of Days by the number of days of the year.
As usual, Muhammad Shukri does not need a lot of words to describe the reality of his misery, he does not like the idea of dressing and retouching, the words describe themselves themselves ..
A unique story .. Sometimes I forget that it is just a novel that has no basis in truth. The writer is really educated in terms of Christian history, and this makes it difficult for the mind to accept the fact that a Muslim writes about Christianity. There is little exaggeration in the obscene description of women, but I did not let this exaggeration control my assessment of the story, which may have affected the impression of many people and prevented them from continuing to read. The story is worth reading:
An interesting novel full of surprises ... an unexpected end .. but when you get to the end you read the remaining papers without the slightest enthusiasm ..
Although the narrator was deliberately prolonged and digressive, it did not happen to me at times, but he certainly presented his political conceptions in an impressive form and formulation. Perhaps his fictional presentation is a different view of real events ,, I recommend reading
A very wonderful book, the writer mentioned about happiness, uprightness of the heart, types of hearts, about charity and its impact, and on the merit of mentioning God Almighty and finally reminds us of supplications and remembrances.
A very interesting, interesting, and very bold book, in which Rami Jean excelled in penetrating some of the worlds in the universe surrounding us. Outcast worlds such as incest, homosexuality, atheism, and societal and moral corruption put them in the form of mental illnesses with an interesting and interesting narration. A very wonderful book I add to the list of distinguished books that I have read
One of the most beautiful novels I read is that I like the mixture that the writer makes between romance and religiosity, which is represented in the hero of the story, a very Muhammadan character, and I like it.
One of the most beautiful rulers .. adore Anis racism against women
Exceptional. In his safety, everything is excellent.
I think of love like others ... because love is like air ... because love is a sun that shines ... on dreamers beyond palaces ... on toilers ... on siblings ... and those who have a silk bed. Those with a crying bed ..
Breakfast buffet is very high. . Buffet prices are high
The first book I read to Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud. All I can say is that this book brings me to a point the first time I connect it and it is possible then I know it is a turning point: for my life
Gorgeous . The book is aptly named ... a loud female silence. A mixture of female feelings and sensations couched in flowery phrases
Exceptional. Cleanliness, location, good reception and room equipment from food and minibar. nothing
Very nice. I wished it was not over. The end shocked me as I read everyone. I will not hesitate to read it more than once
Excellent hotel but .... The hotel is excellent in almost all respects. Unfortunately, however, there are permanent delays in meeting requests, especially by the House Keeping and Rock Service crew
A small family. Calm and public service. A very bad smell in the car parks
Exceptional. The location of the hotel is very excellent, helpful staff, room cleanliness, spacious apartment.
After finishing reading the book, I realized the fact that each faction believes that it is the true Islam and that it is not followed is a disbelief in God and not in the method of the faction. How followers are injected and drugged in the name of Islam, and the real purpose is leadership, control, and possibly tyranny. Religion itself is pure, but once mixed with politics, it becomes an affliction.
A very excellent book for understanding relativity in a simplified way with examples far from complex
From the first novel I read for Duaa Abd al-Rahman, I discovered Zuhi on the bus, and she pleases me with her pen, so I don&#39;t leave the novel until I finish it on the same day. And she told me ... if there were more than five stars I would have given it to you. A novel that touched all human feelings inside me. I cried in parts of it ... and I smiled at my heart in other parts. My heart terror has accelerated in many parts of it. As I read it, I felt sadness, happiness, fear, reassurance, romance, contentment, anger, and pity. It occupied a lot of my thinking even after I finished it. I excelled in describing the feelings of a woman at certain times ... until I thought she was reading what was inside me. It really is an invitation to understand the other world. If a man wants to understand his wife, he should read a novel and tell me. Surprises happen throughout the novel, so I did not hope for it in a moment. I could not identify my feelings about any of the characters in the novel, sometimes I feel angry and sometimes even pity. This is credited to the author as having been neutral and left the reader to judge his feelings about the heroes. There are paragraphs that I have read many times ... I felt it touched my heart too hard. Glad I bought this novel and read it. one of the best I have ever read
A promising start with all goodness. The language is very simple, even though it is an Arabic language and not colloquial. It is a clean novel, despite the boldness of the idea, and I think that if a writer or other writer processed it, we would see infinite deviations .... I am a fan of clean literature and modernity of ideas and I read them at once ..... Thank you Nesma El Gamal
One of the painful narratives is difficult to write a review but the content is very briefly defined. When you wish to die and do not receive it
very good. The site is in the heart of the GBR. Price and insurance value
One of the best things I&#39;ve read, laughed, influenced and taught me at the same time
Excellent . Everything was very excellent, but I was a barrier with breakfast, but they refused to come to me for breakfast for the room, and I was just a groom, check back from the hall, and they asked if you wanted breakfast for the room with an amount of breakfast. I mentioned it complete above in detail
Excellent. Service, cleanliness, reception and large apartment size, everything is beautiful. Building work next to the hotel is troublesome
Good but the price is expensive. . Cleanliness and good reception especially the employee Omar is a very good person, unlike the rest of the reception staff. The place is quiet, good and comfortable. The furniture is excellent as well. Parking is available and the vehicle transport service .. The price is expensive, as is the light in the room, the lights are not enough, the water push is not strong, the water is not hot.
Poetic pictures. Talking. Variety in rhymes. Delight in the audience ,. I hope not to miss a female. Poems embroidered with gold water. Nizar Qabbani. No comment
Comfortable and excellent. Excellent staff service. I mistakenly booked for two people and I was one person the employee did not accept the amendment
Through her, the vampire got acquainted with his qualities and his historical repudiation of him ... What is the phrase for two seasons of each chapter, the first story of the vampire and the werewolf ..
I recommend visiting it. I liked everything. The laundry service is overpriced and there is no laundry near
good . Breakfast is varied..Excellent.Location is close to the Dubai Mall .Speedy response to room requests. Good staff treatment. .Use the emergency stairway entrance to reach the pool. The bathroom is not win. Wi-Fi is not free. High price compared to the services provided.
A beautiful book talks about Freud&#39;s theory of psychoanalysis and briefly explains the pillars of this theory from seemingly as a driver of unconscious behavior and motivations and the mechanism of their formation ...
Distinguished hotel with high character. Frankness is like Mecca, Hilton, I do not bargain for others in it. I find complete comfort in me and my family, and I advise everyone in it as it has a group of reception staff, a manager, officials, and a restaurant in which the distinction is clear and you will not find it elsewhere. Thank you and forward. nothing
This book, with its reassurances, and facts that we feel we know well within us, but we forget it in the greenery of this world. This is the only truth, and we are agonized whenever we drown in the world: we know this feeling and when we indulge in it it is taken from us in mind: we cry a lot, and if it was not crying, perhaps there was doubt in God, nihilism and indifference, and the whole presence becomes meaningless and useless ... here in the book is a word But it is difficult in the real world, and restoring the heart is not easy at all. But whoever tastes a know, and I only say, O God, turn the hearts over, fix our hearts on your religion. It is worth reading and accompanying from time to time, as well as a gift to those we love.
One of the most beautiful books I have read is words that address the heart and mind from a contemplative and intelligent world.
Exceptional. . Location / cleanliness / comfort / buffet
Sweet and fresh idea. And the writer&#39;s style is beautiful. I love the novel, why do you think that there is a crazy person in it, but who do you want? She thought of me as a blue elephant. Are you thinking that this is a mental illness and not beyond nature ??? The end is difficult to conclude. There are some parts that were weak. Like the sectarian strife and the end, there was an exaggerated explanation, because he wanted to make sure that all readers understood the end. There was also a page in the novel that I felt very bored in them
Perhaps it is the most refined and clear version of the Raya and Sakina gang, and the political and social events that accompanied it. Egypt suffered from it during the First World War and led to many fundamental changes in the lives of Egyptians. Their habits and ethics. Hunger and poverty have become the official motive for all the events of this miserable period in the life of the Egyptian person. And Salah Essa in his interesting narrative style. It prompts you to read over a thousand pages without tiringly, chronicling Egyptian life in all its aspects and the effects of that on the course of the murders committed by the two sisters, Raya and Sakina. With the participation of a few men around them.
Atana Hotel. The breakfast is delicious and varied. The bed is very comfortable. The rooms overlooking the road have some inconvenience
It was natural for tears to fall abundantly from my eyes against my will as I move from one page to another .. Oh God, what is this pain and what is this steadfastness and steadfastness that God has blessed with the men of the da’wah .. These men who have vowed to God to take a path know that it will not be furnished With flowers and winds ... but with thorns and skulls, but it leads to paradise .. and leads to their goal and the goal of any Muslim, which is the ruling on what God has revealed and that Islam rules the world ... Billions of tyrants and their armies. A struggling lady endured all kinds of torture for the sake of her religion, not for the sake of a worldly ugly purpose. She knew the way to apply God’s rule. She said that the way to reach the establishment of an Islamic system and the rule of Sharia does not come from the top of the seat of government, coup or election, but rather by changing the perceptions of the whole community. Working in society precedes work in the state, and this is also the same as the words of the martyr Sayed Qutb. In his book, Why Execute Me? The battle of Islam is not a battle of an individual or individuals, but a battle of truth with falsehood ... a battle of faith with disbelief and servitude to God against the forces of polytheism, atheism and paganism. Whatever the oppressor increased in his oppression and no matter how the tyrant overwhelmed, Nasrallah will come .. Victory for Islam no matter what the disbelievers try and whatever they do wrong ... really painful
There are no words for this beautiful poet. All sweet words: it is
Something amazing and impressive is a narration method that I have never seen before so realistic that you will imagine for a moment that you live with a self and know it and know those around it realistic at times to the degree of shock specifically in describing some details a novel dating to the seventies and eighties with all the transformations of the Egyptian society and between each chapter and chapter On the day of an entire chapter, God made cuttings from contemporary newspapers at the time. There is no poetic style and no attempt to enjoy the novel in the usual way, but the fun lies in the story and the mixture. One of the most beautiful novels that I read in the recent period actually
A novel in which there is a high artistic plot, a wonderful description of the characters, and the style of presenting the problem is excellent .. But it was from the first that it changed the name of the novel in order for it to be truthful in expressing what is in it, I suggest that its name be the dialogue of the heretics.
A group of articles selected by Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, which he previously published in several newspapers and websites, she listened a lot to some of the articles in which he spoke about cinema and some films that won Oscars in the year, and, the style of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq Shaik always motivates you to devour the book Line by line and page after page ,, I recommend reading it to all writer lovers
Excellent. . The lighting is too dim
A woman collided with a man in the cafeteria of John F. Kennedy Airport, and then they went their separate ways without knowing that they would meet after that and it was discovered too late that they exchanged their mobile phones. Nice work, romantic, comic, and a touch of excitement.
Exceptional. The location is excellent, under the hotel there is a supermarket, pharmacy and free parking.
This book: a series of beautiful defeats on the doorsteps of cafes, music, women, cities / joy, night, winter, sparrows, streets, memory, times, sidewalks, scratches, wheat, death, exile, forgetfulness, seashells, newspapers, trees, colors Treachery, loneliness, audacity, first madness, forgetfulness, almond, dream.
. Comfort, calm, luxury,. Some employees see themselves, their service is slow
I enjoyed it a lot and I hope to repeat the experience. The luxury of the place with a calm calm in dealing dear. Breakfast buffet
Simply, in short, one of the most wonderful things I have read .... A somewhat philosophical novel by the writer who is a young man in his thirties a worm of books whose experience in life does not exceed what he read in books and has no experiences .. He decides to travel to Crete where he meets Zorba Sinbad the marine, who accompanies him on his journey and is the old man whose life and experiences experience him until he tastes it with all its pleasures and tragedies. Zorba sets out with wisdom and the wonderful lessons that summarize his doctrine in life .... Zorba represents freedom..he represents the man who exists within each person in us and wishes To take him out..Zorba is a person without restrictions ... He rushes to life with all his instincts, with all passion and love, despite my reservations about Excess instinctive in his behavior ... we see live in order to love and Aahq..don belong to any Mzhb..lki plays the Alsantore and in order to dance with joy or sorrow as a dance at the death of his son. A wonderful novel that sends in the heart optimism and love of life whenever it despair
Very wonderful ... The writer fully committed to reverence for principles and replying mistakes to their owners without diminishing their destiny and prestige ... eating errors with a pure Islamic vision, neither excessive nor excessive. The writer is defective in his severity and determination in some of the events, even though the great companions were isolated from them despite their awareness of their complexity and the difficulty of the situation. It was not wise to issue a definitive ruling in a case that preceded us by more than one thousand four hundred years with such a degree of confidence that is issued only by a person who lived with the situation with both parties with impartiality and impartiality. This is difficult for him to live with, so how about who lives today
Did this commission commissioned by Mahmoud in that remote Siwa oasis be enough to make him realize what was around him? Or was it the events that happened to him and the people who met him who made him realize this at the end? The novel’s events revolve around the days of the British occupation and the Khedive’s rule… It has historical, political, and perhaps national and social dimensions .... It cannot be limited to one dimension. Each of the characters of the novel has its own aspects that the writers excelled in showing each of them to suit its role. And to show details of life in that period, especially the customs inherited in this oasis. The style of the novel and its events follow quickly .. I liked the end:
The four stars are not for the ideas contained in the book, but for the effort of the translator and publisher not to be wasted. As for Machiavelli&#39;s ideas, they seemed immoral at many times, but they are realistic and happen today, for me it is totally different with most of his ideas, so it is not necessary to be wronged, persecuted and killed To rule, with justice and benevolence you will rule and you will be loved also.
In my heart is a Hebrew female ... Imagine that I was reading it and my name is Rima..She quickly absorbed the role of the little girl who suffered woes .. Then she was martyred later ... She was really moved ... Then I ran to Nada&#39;s lap to learn patience and steadfastness ... a fact I read since A year and a little, but I have not forgotten the feelings and crying that I have had so far ... I remember then that I did not sleep until I finished reading it amid my tears and sighs ... I created despite the fact that I faulted the language a little ..
Thanks . Everything was beautiful. Is that the room and hall in the hotel in the apartment, the bedroom number does not have breathing, as I suffer from shortness of breath when sleeping and I could not sleep Thank you
good. Everything is comfortable.
I wish there were more than five stars for evaluation ... because this book is a literary miracle only ..,
I thought it was a novel, as the title of the book suggests that, but it was more beautiful than the novel. It deserves because I do not like foreign poetry
My beginning in reading was books on the human development of Dr. Ibrahim. And thank God it was a good start:. I remember that when I read this book we have books I feel like I can&#39;t do anything and nothing. I was in a state of depression, sadness and despair, and I do not know what the way to start and what should I do ??. He gave me the lifejacket ... a very wonderful book worth reading
Exceptional. Clean, comfortable, and handy for busy sites. I asked to clean the room but unfortunately it was not cleaned
Worship corner rest. All services are excellent. nothing
Easily accesses the list of the best books I have read ..
A good novel .. But you will feel a great deal of depression from the many successive events, which you will rarely find happy events ... but it will instill in you two important principles. Violence only generates violence. The oppressor who uses you to kill a party will use a third party to kill you
In principle, this is Professor Omar, meaning the only writer who visited my book fair. Its meaning is my return with a new book for him. His book is at the beginning of the list and after it, any book for any other contemporary writer. The truth is that broadcasting songs is not only a biography of singing. This is a biography. The most fortunate and the best aware from my point of view. He saw the most beautiful thing in the old. He heard, looked at, and squeezed the new. Also, well, I don’t write a review, but I will say something. I almost like it in the text of the book. If my soul exceeds and speaks, I do not feel my tongue feeling your words U, thank Professor Omar on the trip enjoyable and de Gowaya I hope you read Alrivuo de
One of the sweetest biographies that I have read
Praise be to God a very good stay. The building and tranquility are good decorations for a good price. I thank the reception staff all but one person. Bad morals. God forgive. Bad reception. No answer to the reception phone, the delay at the time of entry, the transfer of the campus is not prepared for people with disabilities
If he included her in his arms before he killed her as she killed him. This is the sentence before the last one in the novel. I was in Alexandria a week ago and bought it before I took the ride because I used to spend my time and text it on the way. Immediately, she is still her savior. Two reasons I bought the novel, Nour and Tani. The reason is the name. He says Hatuli Ragul, and she is the writer of a novel called Hatuli Ragel. The men are missing in the market, and what good we are importing? I love imagining my imagination to respond to stories that have a story that defines logic and reason in the story and a beautiful sequence, which is why I am missing a lot with a novel. The novel&#39;s events in terms of sequencing and the events are beautiful, even if I felt in part that the language of writing was needed by its author, he had a bigger dictionary that I did not know why. The novel deals with a wonderful issue, thank you for handling. The events helped my imagination that he portrayed Leah further, and let me see the events more closely. And if the end left me traumatized at the end of the novel, its factor was to slide from the slope of a mountain and stand at an angle of degrees in what, oh, what that means. The fifth star is obvious to the needs that affect me by changing me or by making me think a little. Thanks
Excellent . everything. Chaos in the open buffet
Its finest novel, the monk of thought, is still a sacred person to Nebali
A very beautiful book, I enjoyed reading it and lived with wonderful worlds eager to read the third part
good. . The sound of the disco was very loud
The evil of misfortune is not laughing .. There are always instances of the prophet claiming that there are those who try to interpret the Qur’an by fully altering and distorting and speaking in the name of God with confidence. However, the origins and spread of the Bahai religion assured me that there are people who are fully prepared to believe everyone who speaks in the name of God what His voice was loud, confident and behind him political support.
For those who do not have the economic background that qualifies them to deal with the economic newsletter like me, this fun little book is an encouraging beginning and a first step to start towards learning more in this field .. And the truth has given the book five stars for something far from the economy and its concepts and theories; the author Dr. Jasim Sultan has a graceful style It drives you the information in a smooth way and simplifies the concepts without losing its value and its content .. Thank you for nullifying the story of the first step towards understanding the economy Muhammad, Rashid, Mary, Umm Muhammad and Abu Muhammad .. They gave me an opportunity to get to know the economy closely and that was the first time that I read the word Economy without fleeing In front of it.
Beautiful stay and clean hotel except for the apartment bathroom .. It has a musty smell. Kitchen and service. Wi-Fi paid, not free
Excellence . The location and value of the resort, as well as the reception staff, are smiling and cheerful, and their handling is excellent. Nothing
good. . What I liked is that the single rooms do not have two single beds, nor has a water heater
Quiet calm and Astnan and luxurious ... Everything is fine and nice. The price of the restaurant is overrated, the quality of the breakfast is lower than required, and the air conditioning is tired.
Excellent. The hotel is very clean and close to the campus.
Relax and have fun. Handling the cleanliness and location is everything beside the hotel, restaurants, pharmacy, supermarket and even it&#39;s on the sea.
. Location, cleanliness, handling, staff. The possibility of hearing voices from outside, the presence of a night club
Exceptional. Hotel cleanliness and good handling of the reception and buffet varied breakfast in addition to having a good swimming pool and good escort services .. The rooms that are located on the side overlooking the street are disturbing and supposed to install a buffer to reduce noise.
More than a book ... more than a life. Innovative understanding, deep holistic abbreviation, and clear, seamless language - all of these advantages place the book in a reading-worthy position more than once.
And if women were like we knew, women would be preferred over men ... neither the feminization of the name of the sun is a defect nor the recall is a pride of the crescent ...
Contrary to what I expected .. the introduction of Sufism by d. Abdel Halim Mahmoud came more than wonderful. As for the section on Imam Al-Ghazali and excerpts from his book, The Savior from Misguidance, I did not like much the way he criticized philosophers .. I have a return in this particular section with my book The Rush .. and Rush Rush to Ibn Rushd later
A great novel that expresses Egypt’s condition very much. I laughed very much, unfortunately, for what we came to. Also, the style of writing that attracted me to the reading. I hope that for some years I read this book again and considered salvation from the past.
The whole idea is what prompted me to read it. The good news is that the novel is just as fictional in the beginning. The end came as unexpected, and honestly, I think I started to love the style of this writer, so I am going to tell him more
. Acceptable.
Almost this was my first dealing with dreams. I liked very much every thing in the novel. The method of discussion between them helped me a lot. The way they treat each other. I don&#39;t like the bleak end I love whoever you want, you are a paradox ..... who understands. There is love that makes us fade ... who knows
Exceptional. Excellent location, there is a grocery store, a launderette, restaurants near it, good and shady parking, and the parking service is very amazing.
good. The room is large and has beautiful views. Away from the city center, there is no diversity in the restaurant, high price of food, no pool for women
The novel of Kegar. Among the most beautiful things I read is a very realistic, painful novel, in which a fictional part is interesting, its end is happy, the author changed me from peace in the novel, Kegar, the way she wrote it from previous novels, I liked the novel, ‘Quoooooooooo’ because it was interesting and it was clear in the narration that the writer collected information about the place where she writes, whether my names are places and my names are personalities Existing hard great
A wonderful novel, style and content .. Money and culture did not refine that luminous conceited who repeated the purely male culture that he inherited and rededicated, Hala Al-Jazairia was on time to break his repeated stereotypes ... For me, Hala was not a victim, but rather continued her series of successes against terrorism The bloody terror that I experienced in Algeria, and the male terrorism that I tested in the Levant, four stars out of five, because of my boredom in front of the accuracy of the description, which reached the level of exaggeration sometimes. Waiting for other novels of Tunisian-born Ahlam Mostaghanemi
A sweet novel, a bleak oy ... the novel is generally good, as a story, as a narration, and as the writer&#39;s characters. I care in every detail, even if it is small. I care about all the characters.
Wasn&#39;t that crazy ?? How did I allow myself to be so happy ?? I know that during the day, I only had a few minutes of stolen joy from you. And that I have ample time for torture
A beautiful and fun novel more than I imagined ... the letters of the novel are elegant
Did you really finish the bamboo leg? Does this mean that I will not live with Hosea again? Those were the words that I said when I finished that wonderful work, which made me coexist with all the people inside the novel, but I interacted with them as well .. I felt that I had lost a dear friend after reading the last lines of the novel .. I advise everyone to acquire this novel in order to coexist with that experience Interesting, and I came out of it benefiting many things .. And in the end I must say ... Farewell, Hosea.
What a dream of a very popular novel that made me sing all the words in it. Sometimes it feels like I live it, sometimes it feels like words are written for me alone. I highly recommend reading it
A beautiful and amazing novel of the genius Mustafa Mahmoud, philosophical and characterized by science fiction, I finished it in two or three days because I did not devote myself fully to it, but it is one of the stories that a reader of insatiable to devour in one day is light and interesting.
The book is very, very cute and realistic, discussing the problem of marriage for girls and some of the negative aspects of our Egyptian society and its view of girls who are late in passport in a wonderful comic framework. I enjoyed it more than the beautiful series ,. Ghada Enti is a beautiful writer, hard. I will search for a blog that I want to marry immediately. Lord, we are not deprived of the book, pumice shadow. Lord, all girls marry.
good. The location of the hotel is excellent. There is no soundproofing between rooms. Wi-Fi separates most of the time in the breakfast rooms
What. I am still Islamic. This is what we find in the depths of the life of the young and distinguished author, with his eloquent language, his beloved fluency, and his sincere feelings. It tells us a childhood that we lived with some of it, and with its meanings, the country differed, its origination, method and performance, but whoever grew up in an Islamic upbringing is fully aware of what the writer is talking about and is more aware that writing about these phases of alien life in a society from Bouji and Tamm to a sesame world is almost Build a risky experience. But in a society preparing for a new Islamic awakening stemming from a heritage that was not renewed except by suffering and open minds that were almost lost and hardened by militancy and favoritism, this book was to publish and achieve the expected success from it and foretold the emergence of a writer who managed his dream and his language. Graphic drawing. I look forward to reading more creativity from Ahmed Abu Khalil. I&#39;ll wait
The most amazing experience. Snorkeling with fish. Plentiful eating delicious. Feeling of life. I did not benefit from the car that I rented from, as we were delighted there.
This is the second book I read for the creator, Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud, and, God willing, I will read all his books. This man is a treasure and a genius with his words. His philosophy is very deep. Read an example of his philosophy on There is no god but God and also a verse and did not create jinn and mankind except to worship I was amazed at the simplicity of his words and the simplicity of his interpretation of some of Darwin&#39;s complex theories.
good. Overall great. Congestion in reception, especially in the morning, and it may be late an hour or more until you get to the room
Wonderful Rabie Jaber .... As usual, with his smooth style, he narrates history with an anecdotal style.
good. The residential unit is large and the kitchen is equipped. The construction work disturbed at night after there is no soundproofing in the bathroom
Quite a pleasant stay. The location is excellent, close to shops, restaurants, and apartments for families. Their prices are very expensive compared to the furniture and services of the apartments. Also, the amount of the rent is added in excess of the amount and the exit is compulsory at noon, without any delay.
The stay was only two nights and it was a comfortable and wonderful stay. View of the Haram. Breakfast is very boring and its items are not renewed
Shocking Shocking .. As far as possible. Its beginning is so boring in events that it makes you seriously consider leaving your reading. But in the end, you reach to read more than halfway through with a passion for learning about the events. His description of events and situations ... some may see as boring. It will be boring if you do not intend to enjoy it to the fullest. But I could see it .. a life experience, a logical description, an engine of feelings. I became addicted to Abdo&#39;s uncle’s description throughout my reading of it. I did not expect, no matter how short a person, that his actions would be described as dirty. But the novel embodied all the meanings of dirt that came to mind. Torturing his aunt is charity like this .. I stop the blood in my veins. And move my hatred to him to the fullest extent .. And erased all atoms of sympathy for him in her moments. And leave me confused about Tariq .. repeat it? .. or I pity him. Or does the novel go without a reaction to it? I disliked it .. repeating it for some events, and repeating the same description for it. Its end for me .. was expected by the killing of the master. Or at least an attempt I said as Jesus. It is not just a matter of intention and a decision to kill him one day.
Creativity .. The simplest things that touch the soul.
Wonderful style and novel masterpieces, we really have a lack of type of literature
Quiet and comfortable, high luxury and great services, close to the airport and City Center. Excellent location near the metro station, very nice deal, great service, luxurious furniture, cleanliness of the place, friendly and smiling staff .. and complete services ... nothing
Is it impossible for the big heart to combine the love of a country with the love of a woman ..?
In his third novel, Ibrahim Ahmed Issa takes us to the depths of the Egyptian society in the era of the Obeid and Shiite, in a wonderful narrative painting in which the narrator excels and the pen becomes more and more mature after line, a wonderful description of the meanings of love, friendship and betrayal. Al-Masry, events that make you gasping for suspense. Thank you to Ibrahim Ahmed Issa, and whoever came forward to request that we increase the pages of the next novels, even though a few of you are enough for me and for you, a few are called .. Greetings.
The first impression of Leah and I was a cow. In the first I was locked and I wouldn&#39;t talk to her. I felt bored ... Then I covered a little in the topic of the exercises, which happened with Jing Cha and the death of the priestess and the escape of Zhao. Go ahead and beagle, which one you crazed, which I don’t want, and Dr. / I raised the bird whole coldly, I have two chefs, they died some of them. I sat the book from here and laughed for a quarter of an hour. I couldn&#39;t hold myself .. The open end was a beautiful movement from Dr. Ahmed Ahya, I want to make it between the books because The right is her part
peace be upon you. This is the blood of the departed. A book from Al-Wajd read. And those exploits in the sand. And those are the secrets of their citizens. When they stay Which one returns the water. Peace be upon you, peace be upon you
This is my first novel by Rabie Jaber, and how wonderful it is. Poor Hanna faced all difficulties, even though he is an white seller. I felt as I read the novel, I liked the language very much, easy and beautiful to elaborate. The poker prize deserves worthy when I saw the references that the author used. I knew how much great effort Put in the novel ..
I liked the book and amazed me, Dr. Ahmed forces you to feel the deeper meaning. This part of the series was on the main prayer bodies, standing up, bowing, prostration. Why glory to my great God? Why Glory be to my Lord the Most High? The writer’s language and presentation style attracts me a lot, except that sometimes he enters into the details of the reader being scattered a little and forgetting the most important meaning .. deserves to be read and sensed.
Very Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Although she was not what she expected, the writer excelled in her plot and all her details and left no mystery but finally solving it. Do not stretch for love, I think, except in the freezing roses after her beloved Hassan traveled and left on the station. And there is another kind of low love: it is physical love, and the novel is often crowded with it. But the narrator has a very strange and beautiful figure. The novel reveals the secrets of the human psyche with its hidden secret and abundances. And it contains a non-bored verb about the physical needs of both the male and the female. As well as about the female weakness hidden behind the masks, and also, the stigma, impudence and caprice that many men hold behind appearances and positions. Seriously, one of the coolest novels to read regardless of the situations that you can see as rude or explicit in an exaggerated way. There are those who may see it as unnecessary, but it does reveal things in its depth, sometimes even, in its details. Roooooooowoooo
Exceptional. Everything in the hotel is sweet, especially the place is located in the Boulevard text, one minute from Souk Al Bahar and five minutes from the Dubai Mall. The room we asked for was partial view of the fountain because the bed type was king
very good . The reception staff were great, with high manners and a smile that did not leave them alive. I would recommend staying at this hotel and I will return again.
Nice and enjoyable stay. The location of the hotel is excellent, close to the metro and the mall, with many good restaurants around. Although confirmation of payment and reservation has arrived in advance, upon arrival, they told us that the reservation is incomplete and we must make a new reservation. After discussion, they canceled the previous reservation and made a new reservation at a more expensive price.
My stay. The youth treated the reception, the reception, the Arabic coffee, the suitcase, and their treatment is great. Waiting for me to enter the wing, the inconvenience of the neighbors, crowding the world
Excellent. Everything is beautiful and I recommend it.
Very sweet and a very wonderful recipe, especially because there is rain in many places in poems.
One of the most beautiful books that you can carry with you always, so that you can read it at leisure. Yasser Hareb is an inspiring writer and he has a different and beautiful vision of life.
very good. so wonderful. There is no comment
Exceptional. Very comfortable stay. Excellent staff, location, cleanliness and Wi-Fi.
good. The staff is special .. cleanliness .. quiet is correct .. The price of parking per day is only riyals, which is lower than what was written in Booking Real. The restaurant was exceptionally closed and returned the reservation teams to me due to the cancellation of breakfast due to the closure of the Kaaba mountain road. The hotel bus takes a very long time to reach the campus, just like the remote hotels, despite the hotel’s location near the campus.
Our painful past ..... our future is dark. It was a difficult decision I read, and I always postponed it when I knew that it would hurt me, disturb me, and bring me chest tightness as I did not count ... And indeed ... It was painful despite the passage of five hundred years, I would stop reading to remind myself that I live in another era and time other than that time, as if I was With them in their home, I eat, drink, rejoice and be sad. Perhaps I was reading the books of Abu Jaafar as well ,,, I was saddened and my eyes filled with tears in many situations, what alleviated this narration is that the writer did not carry on describing the painful details but I mentioned it as a passing thing and it describes something else, it did not describe Burning books, as I described Maryam’s box, and did not describe burning Selima as it described the home of Albayazin .... a year after the fall of the waiters The hope that clung to him impossible and no longer Andalus will not return .... Abu Jaafar, sound good, Aisha and Hisham Ali ... four generations Perhaps the father of Jafar was fortunate most of them died before witnessing the torment and humiliation that came after him. The writer brilliantly described Islam’s weakness and fragmentation in subsequent generations to live a Muslim in the heart and a Christian in public, deserting mosques, turning into churches that lit a candle for Christ in the church and calling and interceding for Muhammad… believe in Islam as a religion and in Muhammad a prophet and inquire about the wisdom of God and justice. My reading of the novel coincided with my reading of a book of stones on the board of chess, especially the part of the Spanish revolution, in which I found my consolation, and I found the justice of the universe after decades of time, as was their superiority in the church and the cross burned the churches and spread atheism and banished the king ... although I did not go deeper in understanding history but this It seems enough for me to see justice, even if it does not take the right of those who were displaced and killed and their lands and properties were confiscated, and before this they won, humiliated and weak. In our time, I see other Andalusia looming, so will we lose it?
Laziness and rest are the key to disappointment and deprivation. Therefore, the time has come when a Muslim must realize his goal and define his destination and work to this destination until he reaches the goal. As the Muslim has said, there are two options that have no third: either. He changes the world or he succumbs to change. Wonderful book:
The book is not too bad, as I have heard. It consists of a group of light articles ... may be classified as a black comedy ... or like what they say, they cry and they laugh ... The introduction or not is presented and the character&#39;s article ... Frankly, this is the worst thing I need, in addition to the essay of Tannin, I would have forgotten the book because of them. But the eyeballs were good style and idea
Unfortunately, the book is wonderful
very good. Attention to the guest treated brother Mahmoud summit. The site is far from what distinguishes Dubai, the Dubai JBR, Dubai Mall, Emirates Mall and others, and the taxi will deplete a lot
The book is very beautiful and its content is very useful especially for beginners, and it is nice to talk about groups who took the lion&#39;s share from it. But the book’s flaw is too much repetition
Wonderful. Very clean, great location, and great price.
Wonderful. Many admire the hotel in terms of impact and in terms of rent. Location and rent
The idea of the book is successful, just as the author agreed in its presentation and formulation, so may God reward him with all good. We need such creative ideas that display the biography of the Messenger in a way that is out of the ordinary and contribute to presenting examples of his life, may God bless him and grant him peace, to readers in a different way.
Excellent. Breakfast is close to the campus, and the reception is good. The internet is very weak. Some furniture needs to be renewed
good. The air conditioning separates freon at night a lot to save electricity and this is not good and the rest of the hotel is excellent for me only in Naif Market
goodbye Stranger. Your stay was short but it was wonderful ... May you find your paradise that I searched for a lot ... Farewell, stranger ... Your visit was a dance of shadow dances ... a drop of dew drops before sunrise ... We heard it for seconds there The jungle ... Then we shook our heads and said we imagined it ... Goodbye, stranger. But everything ends. Ismael is gone, and his dark blue suit that makes him miss us is gone, with his dying heart and coronary arteries, and nitroglycerin tablets.
Boy :
In the beginning, I must say that my opinion of the book is completely separate from my opinion of the writer .. I dealt with the book on the fact that its author is Muhammad Salim al-Awa, the Islamic thinker and not Muhammad Salim al-Awa, the politician who has shameful attitudes in general and toward the military in particular. The book is very, very valuable in my opinion .. Rather, in my opinion, it is necessary for everyone who is interested in the political process in Egypt during the current period that he reads it, whether it is against the idea or a supporter of it. His method of refuting the state system in Islam is excellent .. His literary style is smooth and eloquent..I liked it very much, as he presented it to more than one topic, such as womens guardianship or Coptic, the topic of parties, the purpose of the Islamic government, and many others. The use of the book in attitudes to Islamic history was very successful and in place and without exaggeration .. Its historical sources were excellent and I even benefited from the book historically in some of the positions that were wrong for me. What I liked about the book is that in some parts that were generally puzzling to me in the concept of the Islamic state before reading the book, it was addressed completely completely without going into it, like who determines whether a specific article or a law violates Islamic law or not .. And in some other points in my opinion Overlook it or not deal with it enough. In a very simple part of the book, it is clear that the writer is biased in favor of al-Wasat Party and even exaggerating it, as it is the Islamic experience that represents an extension of the thought of Jamal al-Din Al-Afghani and Muhammad Abdo and represents the school of thought in Islam ... an unacceptable exaggeration in my opinion and not in its context. In general, a very creamy book .. God willing, I will read the second part of it in the criminal system of the Islamic State
Biography is very light and beautiful language. It is a lot of secrecy that you as a reader would like to know more details to satisfy your curiosity. I have ended this biography and I would have liked it to end. The personality of Abd Rabbo Al-Ta’i is described as tardy, but his tongue and words contain wisdom and preaching that a person obtains with accumulating his experiences in life. His words need to be contemplated. The pictures at the end of the book are beautiful, but unfortunately not all were clear due to the print, which spoiled me enjoying it
The novel carries with it many flaming and diverse feelings, also characterized by shocking realism. I really enjoyed the novel. I was hoping that I had finished something positive, but the tragedy ended in a much greater tragedy.
Exceptional. God willing, the reception staff will quickly meet the requests. I asked for a minibus taxi for minutes, and not to be in front of the door, and I got a position to close the bathroom door. Thank you, we ask the best, and may God grant success to all those working in it ... and God is the guardian of success.
More than a page of fun and creativity. A stunning novel encapsulated with some horror, true historical epics .... A novel whose heroes are demons and magicians tell us what the true role of Satan and his aides in the temptation of Bani Adam throughout history. If one wants to live on earth like angels, one must first know how demons think. Before I start telling you .. You should read this book and burn it .. They will try to get rid of it and everyone who read it .. As they did with all the books that resembled it .. Antichristus
Exceptional. Its proximity to the sanctuary. Expensive price
If you say the world is bad read utopia and our world will be heaven
The book of preachers of the sultans is a reading of the rulers&#39; slide in the era of the beginning of Islam and beyond. Ali Al-Wardi is a neutral writer who wanted with this book to communicate his reading from a social point of view the power of the sultans influence on rulers. He also discusses the consequences of that effect, such as the difference among Muslims among each other on the eras of his misses from Islamic history
He is the doctor who healed the body and the poet, who poisoned his hair with hearts .. Diwan wrote his poems with a supply of sincere love and an endless sense .. So his verses came weighed, melodious to play the music of words, and they danced to the beat of the soul.
very good. The staff is distinguished, Ahmed and Taher. Internet service is not good in addition to overpricing for the price of housing
very good. Cleanliness. The door opening card is constantly attached
Residence for the purpose of performing Umrah. Its proximity to the sanctuary is a great advantage. everything. nothing
It was a pleasant experience. Good reception staff. Wi-Fi is very slow
Excellent, light weight, great shape, and helpful with a suit or dress.
Exceptional. Cleanliness . the service . Location . Reception. Dealing. The apartments on the main street are disturbing when sleeping due to the sounds of cars on King Abdulaziz Road
One of the rare novels that I enjoyed while translating ... is simple and smooth .. It moves from time to time with ease ... I loved it because it discusses human relations outside the framework of religions. I advise everyone to read it, as it will not take more than one hour to finish it anyway. As for the missing star in the evaluation, it is because of a complaint, whether there are mystical groups that believe in what Macyo Abraham believes in, or whether all this is fabricated by the writer due to a lack of knowledge about the Islamic religion .. In all my opinion, this group, if any, does not represent the broadest segment of Muslims
Exceptional. . Delay in taking bags
The greatest novel you&#39;ve read, wonderful
I was sure that she would like it, as it happened in the last days of the past, and indeed it impressed me and even exceeded my expectations for it. I rarely underestimate a novel whose political background, but the simplicity of Al Hamrawi&#39;s presentation appeals to mentalities like myself and arouses their passion for the end .. Her name is contradictory to the details and the extent of the extreme compatibility with her dreamy end. Dazzled me, as usual, the accurate and simple description of the characters that characterizes the Hamrawi style; as it delivers the image to the simple reader to prove in his memory, a feature that caused me to remember Farida and Marwan from the last days of the past until now that Reza, Asfour, Misbah, Uncle Sayed, Mortada and even the characters who did not give him a name such as the Mahdi and President Mawlana and other faces that he drew in my mind..I liked the use of classical in dialogue with not using strange words to the reader that raises his boredom .. As for the details of the story, Al-Hamrawi presented a brief and updated picture of the ruling regimes with different names and backgrounds .. In Mansi I enjoyed talking and when He ended up leaving me a question that I think will get stuck in my mind a lot. Why? Why did he choose this unique angle to communicate his vision of the ruling regime? Why do they succeed in this? . As for the Mahdi boy, I loved him despite my strong hatred for what he ended up, and the delicate projections and the logical analysis impressed me .. As for Amal, I was closest to the Egyptian street with his middle and poor classes, and he pursued me with the word of this satisfaction, and God, if he learned what he wanted from us, enlightened our insight, to get us out of Worship of contentment
An astronomer was asked about what the future would bring, and he said without hesitation: adults and children will perish, cats, birds and trees will be destroyed, houses, cats and banners will be burned, offices and memorial photos will be burned, napalm will wipe out laughter, Arabic language and spikes, hospitals will be destroyed, factories will be destroyed, parks will be destroyed and women will be walking in the streets without sheets . When that prophecy was published detailed in a book, the loyal people of the country agreed on a denunciation that would befall the woman, and they called for self and sacrifice to ward off this danger ... the enemy danger. This page followed in the group ... what was left. Another thing I need to read to this man after Al-Qunfud&#39;s novel. I still feel that I need to approve him again, tenth and tenth. And it is one of the most important short story writers and the best storytellers in the Arab world, at least. Simple and charming. I sincerely conquer the gloomy black reality. He beats her with a smoke, and he smokes a cigarette after tomorrow. From the darkness of the enemies to the depths of the tigers to Mahmoudi&#39;s political fantasy Randa childhood. A genius in detail .. In ideas .. In a view .. In a story .... In a style ... In every word, her side is a word for a sentence that takes you to the de ... The summary is that any Adam who builds a cow in the world must read Zakaria Tamer. Enemies Tigers on the tenth day Randa summary of what happened to Muhammad al-Mahmoudi prey
Really beautiful novel, although I did not like the story of Amina and liked the most story of Noha for me was the heroine of the novel. The writer was very creative in describing the hadith hadith, as Nuha really mastered it. Also, her idea was new, and I have never seen anyone address it. Some of the sentences in the attributes of the novel are very popular and have wisdom in which the writer Nour created. Amina&#39;s story, on the contrary, is old and repeated, which burned my blood in the first two thirds of the novel. But she showed Galilee what Amina did in the last part because her reaction was new and courageous. As for Ezzat, he is a very provocative figure, and he deserves what happened to him, and he is the most hated person in the novel. Therefore, I liked the end that the author put to him. In the end, a beautiful novel that I enjoyed and thank you light for
I saw the pain of suffering ... I would like this grief to stop ... but the strange thing is ... that he was renewed in another place .... not far from Gaza .... but this time collectively ... perhaps the sky when it started Its doors to the Palestinians ... widened until it no longer accepted only two hundred Syrians at once ... or perhaps it is the plane that stands in the sky in order to take another look at its victims here ... it feels that it loves them more .... resembles them ... because it is from them ... so she unleashes her nets to prey on the largest number he yearns for. They do not aim at us to kill us, aim at us in order to kill the freedom that is hidden in us
A wonderful resort. The beach and garden are very beautiful. the price is high
When Ahmad Matar was asked: Why is poetry Matar? He answered: Ask me. Why is the moon emerging? Why does it rain? Why does perfume spread? You ask me: Why is fate coming? . I grew nature. Free bird,. Cool breeze, free. Oyster ... tear pearls. I am the trees. Supports the root from hunger. Above her forehead is the fruit. I am floral. Its fragrances are in perfume. And in her bodies needles. I am the land that gives as it is given. If you feed her flowers. It will thrive ... and if you feed it fire. Your garment will eat sparks ... so let it not be considered. He breaks my breath. A pardon is required. He apologizes. You have gone too far, rain. Don&#39;t you know that you&#39;re a poet? Crafts craft a knife. The knife committed suicide? . Yes, I know. That I am in the account of the submissive, today,. suicide. But ... which one is alive. And they are in their turn grave? Do not stop them look. Do not give them an enemy. There is no sound, nor hearing, nor sight ... The sheep of their Lord feed. They are said to be human. Your youth is wasted wasted. And all your effort is wasted .. the sand sand builds a castle. The tide is receding. If the horses die, It will be devastating . Nonsense ... that the character before death triumphs. And upon death he triumphs. After death, he wins. And the sword, no matter how long it will break. It rusts and then disappears. And if not for the letter, it will not be mentioned. The world has no news. And what is behind the honesty waiting? Your exile age will eat. He received oppression and regret. Watch the hour of birth every day. And at birth dying. What is the harm? All people are condemned to death. If they keep silent, and if they speak out. And if they are patient, and if they take revenge. And if they thanked, and if they disbelieve. But I believe it. Pick a pure death. And the one who lies will live. Also dead. But his death is dirty. And then what, Matar? If I am bored. I did not hear my voice echo. I did not glimpse my tears. Thunder or flood. I will muster all my sorrows. And rally all my fire. And rally all rhyme. Of gunpowder. Deep in sentimental. And I rise from the basis of injustice up. The rise of a bereaved cloud. And I put everything in the heart. Is raging. And hug him .. and exploded. And I say: Let us explode, let it explode. To borrow and rain. With poetry, Ahmed Matar. And to make the blind a vision. Blindness in my country is many
good. Clean and excellent location. The Internet, in return, does not have a restaurant, but a modest coffee shop. Most of the guests are from the Indian community.
Little cyuran is too much
I recommend it. I recommend it.
Good value for the price. Price: Wi-Fi. View of the rooms are the level of the furniture
In his book, Al-Kawakibi diagnoses the nature of tyranny and the wrestler of slavery, the disease of political tyranny and its relationship to religion, science, glory, money, morals, education, and advancement .. As for the relationship of political tyranny to religion, he says: The views of theorists in the natural history of religions are shared by the two brothers. The other objects are the world of hearts. And that this formation between the two powers drags people to a point where the difference between them is worshiped by the idol god and the obedient tyrant. On the one hand, those who throw Islam at the support of tyranny are mistaken and there are hundreds of evidence refuting their sayings, including the Almighty saying: He consulted about the matter and God commands justice. And whoever communicated what Al-Kawakibi mentioned in this regard: had it not been for God’s dream that the earth would be lost in the Arabs, where he sent them a messenger from themselves who established them for the best government that was established in the people, he made its base saying: All of you are a shepherd and all of you are responsible for his subjects, i.e. each of you is a public authority and responsible for the nation, that The model that some western nations have guided, those nations that it is correct to say, has benefited more from Islam than Muslims. In the second chapter, he talked about the relationship between tyranny and science, including: the tyrant is not afraid of language sciences, those sciences that some of which are tongue and most of which humor and delirium and delirium lost time, yes; linguistics does not fear if the tongue does not have the wisdom of enthusiasm holding the brigades, or the magic of a statement that resolves a contract Armies, because he knows that time dictates that mothers give birth to many likes: Alkumit and Hassan or Montesquieu and Schiller. . And he said: The tyrant is afraid of these guiding workers, not from the hypocritical scholars or those whose heads have dug many archives as if they were closed libraries. Likewise in the rest of the chapters of the book, Al-Kawakibi provides a detailed analysis of the reasons for the establishment of a despotic government and its impact on all areas of life and how it would discourage the nation and mislead the thought and the freedom of freedom. How can the tyranny be lifted from the nation .. The conclusion of the book came in several topics that were asked as questions about the powers of governments and rights Individuals .. It is surprising that we read what was written more than a hundred years ago, as if it was written today for the severity of the times, because the Arab peoples were afflicted through various time periods with tyrannical governments. Al-Kawakibi tried to enlighten the peoples through his pen and his thought that paid for it to be poisoned and Hafiz inscribed Ibrahim on his grave :. Here is the man of the world, here is a helipad. Stand and read the mother of the book and salute him, for this is the grave of the Kawakibi tomb. This cry of the planets must reach the ears of every oppressed, and tremble with the effects of each unjust.
Practical trip. The location of the hotel is perfect, room capacity and room cleanliness. The lifts are slow and the variety of cowardly breakfasts
The book gives you a simple CV of the most important great people who made a difference in the world
Beautiful and yet theatrical play. God bless you. ..
Gorgeous . everything. Valet service if available
A very strange book, even though it is very small. It does not skip the paper, but it attracts you and feels it very exciting and a little you meet boring and tired. And after two pages, it is interesting to meet him for the longest. And some feel that you were delusion. Then you discover that in a letter the author tries to deliver it to you. In the end, you will meet Paulo Coelho, and he will tell you very clearly. Live your experience the same. Mistake. And do the right thing. But in the end, live your own life. Test yourself with your knowledge. Check yourself with every need. Try for yourself, no matter the consequences. In the end, you will definitely win
A great book from which to learn to answer atheists&#39; questions. Scientificly, he responds to questions from the most enjoyable of what I have read in the book. Why does not the Koran is written by Muhammad. The word there is no god but God
Excellent. On-site reception services.
The summit of splendor and beauty. The design of the place and the splendor of furniture and decoration. Slow to provide services, and some deficiencies in the kitchen, such as cooking supplies of salt, spices, etc.
Distinguished as usual. everything. nothing
A group of very amazing articles .. I read the entire nation in about seven hours since I put my feet on the international airport bus until the plane landed at us at Abu Dhabi airport and I was overwhelmed with laughter .. I think the people thought they thought of my mind.
The lobby is very small and the furniture is old. The size of the apartment is large and suitable for a family with children. The price is very expensive
Ibn Rushd&#39;s rational approach to interpreting the text is summed up in his next statement in his book The article separated between wisdom and Sharia from communication. : And if this law is, in fact, calling for consideration leading to the knowledge of the truth, I, Muslims, know for sure that the evidence does not lead to contradicting what is stated in the law. The truth does not contradict the truth, but agrees with it and testifies to it. And if this is so, if the evidence-based view leads to some kind of knowledge of an existing existence, then it is not free for the existing person to be silent about it in the Sharia or known about it. If it is what you have been silent about, do not contradict there. It is like what you have been silent about, then the jurist invented it by legal measurement. If the Sharia pronounced it, then the apparent pronouncement is not free to be in conformity with what the evidence led to it or contrary to it. If it is ok, then there is no saying. And if it is different, he asked for his interpretation. And the meaning of interpretation is to take the meaning of the word from the real sign to the authorized indication without prejudice to that by the habit of the tongue of the Arabs in marrying the name of something similar to it or because of it or its subsequent or its comparison or other things that have been enumerated, in the definition of the categories of metaphorical .. may take Some of the previous words that Ibn Rushd opens the door to interpretation for everything that contradicts the mind in the Sharia and this is not true because it returns and explains the difference between the interpretation of the principles and principles and the interpretation of the post principles. This way is apparent if it is in the fundamentals, so the one who has an unbeliever has an unbeliever, like someone who thinks that there is no eternal happiness and no misery, and that this intention is intended to say that people are greeted by each other in their bodies and senses, and that it is a trick, and that there is no purpose for a person except his perceived existence only. And if this is decided, then it will appear to you from what we have said that here is apparent from the Sharia and it is not permissible to interpret it. For his interpretation of the principles is disbelief, and if later on the principles are an innovation. Here too is a phenomenon that the people of proof must interpret. Perhaps it is an infidelity. Interpretation of it other than the people of proof to him and his release from the apparent disbelief in their right or heresy. And from this category is the verse of leveling and the hadith of descending .. But if the jurists have agreed on the apparent meaning, is it permissible to atone for those who interpret in that case? Ibn-Rushd replied: If the consensus was proven in a certain way, then it is not correct, but if the consensus was presumed, it may be correct. Therefore, Abu Hamed, Abu Al-Ma’ali and other imams of the view that it does not cut off infidels from the breach of consensus in interpretation in the likes of these things. It may indicate that unanimity is not decided in the theories by a certain way as it can be decided in the processes; that it is not possible to decide unanimity in a matter in some era except for that era to be confined to us, and for all the scholars in that era to be known to us, I mean Knowing their people and the amount of their number, and to transfer to us in the matter the doctrine of each of them is the transmission of frequency, and with this all it has been true to us that the scholars present in that time agree that there is no visible or subconscious in the Sharia, and that knowledge of every issue should not be kept secret from anyone And that people have one way in the science of Sharia. As for many of the first chest, it was reported from them that they used to see that there is a clear and hidden nature of the Shariah, and that it is not necessary for anyone who is not aware of it to know the interior and cannot understand it like what Bukhari narrated from Ali, may God be pleased with him, that he said: Speak to people with what they know, do you want That God and His Messenger lie. People have three types:. First: A class that is not among the people of interpretation: They are the common people from the public, and these are useful to them with rhetorical or republican evidence, because of their failure to perceive the things that come to it with proofs. Second: A class of the people of dialectical interpretation: In this category, speakers of Mu&#39;tazila, Ash&#39;ari and others, are included in this category. That the evidence they are using is above the rhetorical evidence, and without the evidentiary evidence because it did not meet the conditions of proof .. Third: A class of people of certain interpretation and they are the people of proof. It follows from this division that each of these categories is concerned with a type of evidence that must be declared to him, therefore it should not be declared whether the controversy of this interpretation as well as the public and when he made something of these interpretations to those who are not their people, especially the evident interpretations of its distance from common knowledge This led to the authorized and authorized to disbelief. Ibn-Rushd wants to limit the task of interpretation to those who are firm in science and are only capable of it because of their ability to make philosophy. They are able to remove the contradiction between Sharia and philosophy or between reason and transmission. He says if a person grows up on the legal virtues, he is absolutely virtuous. If time and happiness continue to be one of the firm in science, then he offers him an interpretation of one of its principles, then he must not declare that interpretation, and to say in it as God Almighty said and those who firmly in science say: We believe in it by everyone from our Lord, these are the limits of the laws, and the limits of scholars. Ibn Rushd carried the speakers of the Mu&#39;tazila and Ash&#39;ari because they declared to the general public their interpretations, so they signed the people in Shanan and hated wars, and they tore the law and dispersed the people with all the distinction, in addition to all of this that their methods that they adopted in their interpretations are not in them either with the public or with the properties, but with the public Because it is darker than the common methods of most, but with the properties because if you meditate, it is found incomplete by the proofs of proof.
I entered the book in a state of sadness and depression, and came out with a smile and amazement at what I found inside
One of the best books that I have read in the field of Islamic movements is a strong reference for those looking at the history of movements in the region. I would like to mention that the beginning of the book is theorizing and needs careful reading
This is a review that may sound chaotic..but the novel left my thoughts scattered and scattered. What are the benefits of ties if spirits do not come together? Life is only a one-time gamble, and I lost it. I cannot play another round. People do not need financial and material support from each other, but rather love and concern. Every human being is sufficient for one person in any case..but when this person is not present ... In this evening I understood that a person may be related to another human being more than it is related to life. Could life be cruel this way? For a person to live his entire life and only live five short months of it? ... how can this cruelty be reflected on the human spirit and make it harsh for himself. He stops life and prevents his heart from giving and loving her punishment for a sin she did not commit. I cannot express how I felt about this great novel ... a philosophical literary masterpiece that managed to dive deep into the human psyche, analyze it, and draw the characters with great realism. I am satisfied with some quotes from the novel, and I cannot say more about a new novel from the few who touched the heart of my heart and moved my soul&#39;s still lake. Madonna is kind ... Madonna, her transparent spirit, and Raef who managed to keep her from pain..he could not protect his soul from him
Great hotel in the full sense of the word. . nothing
The painful reality
Wonderful what one of the protagonists said in a message to his friend: No, my dear, I am not in vain, and if you were not so painful or searching for a solution, the problem is that I am not nihilist, my nihilist lives, and this is fresh shit.
Enjoyable stay. The hotel is located in a privileged location and close to services. I thank the reception staff for the spaciousness of the chest, especially Professor Mohamed Tunisian, the nationality and the employee Francis .. The breakfast buffet is great. nothing
Poetic texts are very sophisticated. Filled with a lot of revolutionary and incitement to injustice ... Naguib Sorour was able to mix his suffering from injustice with the suffering of some historical figures such as Aba Ala Al Maari, Don Quixote, Dante and others. With the utmost ingenuity, he made you feel that their tragedy is the same, and it is the same tragedy and the suffering of humanity from the beginning of creation to the present time .. Imaginary dialogues between Naguib Surur and the personalities have enriched the work and made it come alive and made you feel the connection between the past and the present and the continuity of events .. The Court is full of extremely eloquent expressions Sophistication and imagination. All of the above puts you in a state of enthusiasm and rebellion against reality. With every home, the rebel poet’s personality appears against the injustice that revolts for the sake of truth .. Five stars and more
It is truly a literary masterpiece with the distinction that the biography of the novelist removed the cover of the writer&#39;s life with exceptional spontaneity and spontaneity without cosmetics. The story of Mohamed Choukri&#39;s life is a pure human tragedy that made him one of the greatest Moroccan novelists. It is one of the most wonderful novels written in Arabic.
A burning heart and a spirit struck by magic
Taha Hussein presented the book in the spirit of the researcher of the truth ... and who is not wanted only .. unbiased by one party against another .. trying to refute the various accounts, offering them to readers to infer and deduce from them what he can from the results that are closest to the truth ... he tried so hard that he presents things with impartiality. Trying to explain the circumstances that were in that stage of the rapidly expanding state and the transition of Arabs and Muslims from simple nomadic life to a life farther from the life of the Bedouins and closer to the urban life due to the expansion of the state and the increase of its funds and the increase in individuals belonging to it rapidly, all because of the so-called conquests .. the tastiest thing It makes it managed something very difficult .. especially if it comes to system arises .. He did not know before about urban life in something. From the events of the book, the reader will find, without knowing that he saw the companions a different view from what the god of many looks .. He will see the aura around them that has been completely removed from his mind .. To deal with them as human beings who strike and make mistakes .. Rather, some of them kill and bloodshed unlawfully and many of them control them The Bedouin nature that dominates Muslims at that time .. It will also find among them who tries in every action to seek the pleasures of God, but it sometimes strikes and makes other mistakes because it is human ... The book presents the beginning of the events that led to the great sedition and which retains its effects until today, so Muslims divided among themselves forever .. The beginning It was the Muslims&#39; indignation against Othman, who increased At the end of his reign, he reached his end due to his preference for the positions of the relatives of the family and clan, in addition to his behavior in the Muslims ’money house in contradiction to what was happening to him before what was in the days of Abu Bakr and Omar .. And with the succession of events and the multiplicity of positions, the discontent of many Muslims increased. In the end, he was killed after a siege by Muslims revolting against him for his home, which lasted for nearly forty days. Water was banned from him for a few days, and he was completely prevented from going out to pray in the mosque, and he remained trapped in his house until his death. The book is worth reading to understand many of the details of that watershed stage in Muslim history
A fairly exhausting novel, but it is fatigue not without pleasure and happiness ... This story accompanied me in various worlds that are not bound by a link, but the author combined them in a delicate thread that reveals a strong plot ... Kharga, which could have been referred to in passing ... I was very pleased to see the world of the republics independent of the Soviet Union, in particular Uzbekistan and its wonderful cities of Tashkent, Samarkand and Bukhara, the shrine of Imam Al-Bukhari, the author of the Book of the Right ... This country sank in the depths of its history between Tamerlane and the armies of the invading Tatars And through the Roma tribes .... The novel also reported a nice dramatic account of the incident of the organization of the Military Technical College led by Saleh Siriya, and the role of Sayyid Qutb in forming a jihadist group in Uzbekistan after its separation from the Soviet Union.
This book carries a revolution among its pages. A revolution on everything .. A revolution against tyranny in all its names. A revolution on the false life we live. Al-Kawakibi is someone who deserves immortality, and he did, in my opinion, from the day of his writing in his book da
Trying to escape from boredom, but to boredom, perhaps the best kind book is good, but the deadly feeling of boredom does not end
This is the story of a person. But there are thousands of others like it. O Allah, bless you with Abdel Nasser, Abdel Hakim Amer and everyone who helped them
The book is light and fun, and the style of the writer attracted me. There was a lot of new information for me because I usually read religious books, but this book motivated me to read more about religions.
See you yakoral. Voooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo everything nothing
More than wonderful . everything.
I became a double life, there is something to say and something to whisper about. There is a general language for all and a special language among friends. There is something we reveal to people and something we hide even from ourselves. Strangest strangers who became a stranger in his homeland. The strangest strangers who come from abroad. It seems to me that there is an ascending scale of values in life and somewhere in this ladder there is an imaginary line if the person is under it and it is there and if it is above it then it is alive. God Almighty says: O you who believe, whoever turns away from you from his religion, God will come with a people who loves and love him. God does not fear those who turn away from their religion by throwing them into the fire or pouring molten copper on them. Refluxing from religion is polytheism .. and there is no more cruel in existence than corruption Mind and God fights polytheism with love .. with the slightest thing in existence which is love .. God did not tell them that he would replace them with faithful people .. or righteous .. or pious .. there is a distance after all this .. is the distance of the lovers .. and because you cry without Know the reason for your crying and hide from people that you are crying and then hide from yourself that you are crying even to cry after that without knowing that you are crying
A complete and comprehensive document, filled with evidence and proofs of everything that came in the life of Sayyid Qutb from challenges from birth to martyrdom
Before me a great book, I couldn&#39;t accept that it was over. It teaches us how to play the game of life on its origins, amazing in all languages of the world. Some of the commandments that were stuck in my memory. You can spin the whole world without leaving your home. . You can know many unique characters without seeing them. You can own a time machine and travel to all times. Although there is no such superstitious machine. You can feel the Moscow frost and smell the scents of Amsterdam and the Indian spices in Mumbai. The fringes of the conversation interact with a Chinese sage who lived in the second century BC. You can do these things and more with just one thing. The one who does not read does not see life well. Honor, my son, is not in the body only, as some of the people of the East think. I don’t feed life without dreams. Courage is not to be afraid of the moments of our fear
Seriously, I was very happy with the book and it made me proud that my father belonged to the generation of Dr. Abu Al-Fotouh of the Muslim Brotherhood .. To him .. And their sense of annihilation is first. Before they blamed people, it was more important for them to blame themselves for their sense of the military rulings that killed their brothers from the era of Abdel Nasser to the era of the deposed ..
Good apartments. The apartments are brand new, clean and spacious, have a good smell, and the air conditioning is excellent. The internet is slow and the site is a little far from the center of Buraidah
The charming smile of the staff. A wonderful hotel for me, and excellent. The rooms are clean and tidy. The address of the hotel is clear. And they sent their website on the WhatsApp Bugal Map Special and warm thanks to Brother Mansour, the receptionist for his cooperation, assistance and meeting my needs. Special thanks to Brother Hani. Wi-Fi
Exceptional. everything. Difficult to reach him the first day
Dr. Jalal Amin, I can say that he reached wisdom
The book was beautiful once, it was the first book I read on religions in general ... The writer’s method is amazing and eager to read a book of training from it
Excellent strategic location. Everything was great, the reception was very helpful, quickly contact the hospital that my father took and took its address, and I made sure that I have the right to the appointment as well. My boss and a bridge, I think about living in it a second time. If you go to the beach, which is wonderful, they will bring you to me the sandals and ask you if you need something. To be honest, there is nothing that I liked, everything was perfect for me
The low rating of the book appears to be because the reader did not find exactly what was expected beyond the first page. The rest of the book did not express the title of the book significantly. In fact, I was uncomfortable at first with the need to dress like this, but with continuity, I found myself knowing new information about Japanese society and the people&#39;s view of Lina and their information about us. The truth book added a new Leah a lot, and this has not happened since a long period
good. The hotel is new, clean, and has a good location, all services are in front of it. There is no crib, and because of it my child fell out of bed. Thank God the crew did not get hurt. He does not speak Arabic well
First of all, the book is excellent beyond description, despite my disagreement with some of his theses. The book talks in general about the purposes of the Qur’an and how we empty them of their content ... until we got to where we are. How do we adapt texts to serve our worldly purposes. The book speaks in the first chapter, the spiritual chapter, in-depth in the purposes of the book and the Sunnah, and how the Qur&#39;an was keeping pace with events and fixing the believers and guiding them to prove it to you. How did the Companions understand the purposes of the book, so the verses were revealed according to their understanding and understanding, so they reached what they reached. Then the second chapter of the first chapter and the battle of the intentions, and how the religious institutions of the state have dealt since ancient times to entrench certain concepts in the minds of people using texts to persuade people of what they want and how some scholars of different eras have drifted in good faith behind these bad intentions, so these concepts have become part of us, so the author described them at the moment Which did not end until now .. Then the second chapter, which was all preceded by it: The state of the Umayyads and what we are in now is a door full of thorns, according to which the writer passed through some of them and stumbled on others, but what does not differ on him is the importance of this era in Islamic history Rather, it is the era The most important in my personal opinion .. The era of the end of the adult caliphate and the beginning of the gradual distance from the top of the pyramid built by Muhammad, peace be upon him. The era in which Muslims drew small paths and winding paths to the side of the straight path, and the ways separated us after that .. Then the writer shows that exaggeration in regardless Or the love of people is what leads to division and fragmentation, and if the root of all the splits that divide from the one nation’s entity is exaggeration and counter-extremism .. Then the last chapter and Surah Al-Kahf that draw the threads of the Renaissance, which reminds us that the Sunnah of God in his land does not change .. Because of the attack on the book from some decided To read a book critique from another point of view .... but this one A principle until the completion of reading the criticism
Very beautiful people of passion, and split my share. As for dreams, a dream about making a movie about the story of our Master Omar Farouk stopped me. I don&#39;t understand exactly what he meant by the same actor as Omar, who is Juha. : /
Uncomfortable to sleep because of disco night. Everything is perfect except sleeping uncomfortable due to the discomfort of the nighttime. Many were disturbed by the high night disco sound
I started with the works of Tawfiq Al-Khakim and fortunately my goodness fall into this wonderful novel. Symbolism, belonging and an open view of life are the bottom line. And also his view of the human nature. I think it is time to enter the world of Tawfiq Al-Hakim&#39;s writings
Riyadh. Very excellent, services are available and the hotel staff are helpful. There is no
I read it twice. Just amazing
good. I liked the coffee house.
good. Only Czechs have us before his time.
Questioned. How will we go to war this time? As long as our nation is free. Give birth to ten heroes. In order to kill ten of them? How will we reap the fruit? And the seed is still a seed? How will we reap a witness? And Al Badrah once in our hand? Oh God&#39;s promise .. O victory. How will you hand this jar ... as long as we have a human. Is born bearing his grave?
Now I tell I feel more than one person: There is a person inside me who wants to tell and tell. There is another person who wants me to be silent, to be silent forever, and not to open. My mouth again.
Exceptional. Everything .. The hotel is at the top of splendor in terms of cleanliness, services, and the internet is free..the breakfast is varied..the lobby is explained..the pool and the restaurant are a wonderful and beautiful place ... beside the hotel are several restaurants ... a meter opposite the hotel&#39;s main gate..Thank you all. Nothing to mention.
Luxury. Good reception and headed by a hotel manager Ayman, hygiene and services are available and parking is spacious. Disruption due to the restoration work, which must be reported to the site
A great hotel I went to this hotel one night and the room was very spacious very clean The bathroom is spacious and very clean The restaurant is good but they do not care about lunch but the breakfast and dinner was excellent The kids club is more than good The pool is large and beautiful but unfortunately the heating system does not work for that I left the hotel because the kids wanted to go down to the pool every day, overall a more than good hotel
A young couple. Lengthening ... with the spacious staff and location. The room rate is high ..
Rabih Jaber is fluent in drawing events, places, and people .. I used to read his words and felt like I was seeing their details .. I touched them .. I smelled them .. my whole senses were with him ... It is the first time I read to him .. And certainly not the last. And I have another date with him soon .. It will be with the blue butterfly or the Druze of Belgrade
Good but the room cleaning process is tragic. The location is excellent. Lack of attention and failure to solve problems, the room is not cleaned properly, only the beds are arranged, except for used rubbish and towels that are not replaced
I enjoyed staying and the crew was very responsive ,, and I thank the Emirati brother Mohammed for his high-end dealings with us. . Eating does not match the value of the payment and the price is too exaggerated
entertaining. A story of great hours in its description of a young doctor in the hospital who tried to save a seriously wounded wound, but his efforts did not succeed and bid him farewell after suffering
Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah. Mohsen&#39;s character is amazing. The subtle details of the lives of middle-class families are luscious. A fun novel for all time
An oppressed novel has not been given the right to spread .. Language, style, many dialogues and realism in the events, I like the sharp language of Buthaina .. Dreams of its characters narration is not long and elaborate. I finished it in one night, which made me live in her world and expanded in imagination .. She says:. When we are born female, we generate issues because the world is equipped with technologies that limit us.
Riyadh. I liked all of the evaluation. Double Wi-Fi
Wonderful. Excellent staff service, free and fast WiFi, excellent hotel location, close to restaurants and a supermarket. Suitable for families
Wonderful and beautiful hotel. Everything is beautiful.
. The meeting of Shams al-Tabrizi and Jalaluddin did not carry that poeticism. I sent a message to the owner of the hospice in which there is a sun in which he tells him about a great scientist looking for a companion so he sent the owner of the hospice Shams to meet Al-Rumi, and this is what most annoyed me in the novel. Couldn&#39;t there be a nicer way to meet them? The relationship of Ayla and Aziz made me lose my temper. A dear Sufi enterprising man reconciled with himself who lives every day of his days as if it was his last day. As for Ayla, she is an ordinary woman, to the extent of boredom.
I love Yusuf Idris&#39; writings and his habit. This story collection was one of the best things I read recently:
very good. Wi-Fi is free. No room services in the middle of the night
Probably the best book I&#39;ve read so far. Very fun and useful religiously and worldly
Wonderful. . Time of entry and exit time
I will stay in this hotel every time, God Almighty. The reception staff is at the pinnacle of taste and ethics, especially the employee Shylaviosam. The price of breakfast is expensive and does not fit this holy month
A very sweet and expressive need. .
My dear Tala .. I am proud of the hero Abiki, whom I did not think that there is anything like him except in novels and films. I will not evaluate the book based on language, narration, dialogue and the like. Like her, we learn from her more valuable values and ideas than words, language and narration. My comment to the hero is how he managed to escape the temptation of the world? And how did he make everything he owns and learns like knowledge, intelligence, power and money for God and in defense of the homeland. How at a time when all these things were made a way to a higher level and not an end in itself. That sincerity is what really impressed me more than the hero’s abilities and skills. Many people own it, but they only use it to serve themselves. I hope that God will accept your sacrifice from you and give you the martyrdom, and with such a hero the country will be liberated.
One of the most wonderful books about the history of Palestine, and one of the most wonderful descriptions of the passion that sweeps the Arab towards purebred horses ...
Violent notice. But very special. More than wonderful
The language is impressive ... a complete novel in every respect.
Saharawardi&#39;s style of exotic alienation is more than amazing and wonderful
Dr. Omar scatters Abeer on his journey and medical studies. nice book. Full of information. It adds a lot to you ... I love books that offer experiences and experiences ... an inspiring book. A fan and armrests. For each study trip
A more than wonderful book ... I advise everyone to read it
Nice service, cleanliness and quietness available, but I did not like the beach and I think it needs cleaning and disinfection. In addition, guests must be familiarized with the hotel and its sections at the time of arrival, and display the advantages of the hotel to the guests, through a quick explanation from one of the reception officials.
The place is excellent for anyone who wants to do Umrah and return quickly .. or who wants a short stay in Jeddah. The place is great for anyone who wants to stay near the airport ,, the crew is confused and servants..Thank you all.
The hymn is really great for you. I hope to embark on a journey to reach psychological peace. One of the most beautiful things I&#39;ve ever read and deserves the five stars
Dr. Ahmed ... I do not need you before, but I liked it very much ... but since I am reading for the first time a great novel to you, the novel felt for a moment that it made me disappointed ... it bothered me many details. Talking about the revolution bothered me, because I was essentially no one in politics:. And annoyed me badly, Isam&#39;s disappearance ... where&#39;s Issam, Doctor? :. You have all the respect and appreciation that awaits your next job.
It was a very beautiful day. Thank you, excellent services. Location
Very excellent, no inconvenience, once quiet, I would recommend it to grooms and family, and an attractive price. Close to Mall of the Emirates, the location is very excellent. Inconvenience by hygiene Opening a door while sleeping
I liked it very much. A satirical reality that we all live. From most articles to my article I liked why I encourage Zamalek. A bride is required. Really would have to buy the rest of the author. Nice. Reality is very beautiful. Well deserved stars. And after Ramadan, we see a second need. But my paper this time, God willing
Excellent in terms of location and cleanliness. If you are a metro user, it is very convenient to use a taxi, because it is close to the marina, with a spirit value only, and Dubai to Emirates Mall is AED. A little note, unnoticed construction work next to the hotel, but not a defect in the hotel
good. The interior and exterior decoration have modern touches in the place ... The carpets are clearly not clean and suggest neglect ..
. . O Lord, this story hurt me a lot. At first, I found sympathetic Akaki Akakevich that the hardworking employee in his work, and yet he does not escape the irony and mockery of his colleagues. His dreams were summed up to buy a new coat. I found him happy when he got his new coat. But happiness soon turned into deep sadness when the coat was stolen, and Akaki found no one to help him recover, but his insult from one of the generals caused his death. This sadness eased his spirit, which was revenged
We are all lost. In the novel, Buthaina Al-Essa, I grew older and forgot to forget. I thought that Buthaina Al-Essa is so cool. It is able to write what is deeper. And the most beautiful, and now she is Buthaina. In this novel, I was never disappointed. The work is very deep, wonderful. Read it and think wonderfully Buthaina and her ability to describe the events of the novel. And her courage to delve into such subjects. Very painful terrifying events. Is it reasonable to be on the same ground with people who are closer? For monsters, including them, for humanity? Meshary, Mary. Although we know that what they went through might pass by. Children of others; it is still just. Imagine that is very difficult for whoever carries on. His heart is an ounce of humanity and mercy. The novel is very wonderful and distinctive. Buthaina&#39;s wonderful language is not the same two. I expect this to be a novel. A milestone and a distinctive mark. In the world of Arabic novels
A comfortable trip. Workers in the hotel, its cleanliness, good reception and hospitality, the place, the excellent fancy, the children’s supplements and everything that is available is beautiful and wonderful, and they have many thanks for everything.
A very very useful book for new students because it prepares the student in all respects. The book discusses the arrangements before entering the university and succeeding in order to plan for a professional life after graduation. Its pages are less than what you expected, but there is information that will help you overcome many difficult things in university life.
Despite her slow rhythm that might get bored, she is still awesome at the end.
Wonderful. The location is great, the last BGR hotel is such that you can walk opposite the boardwalk and the rooms are beautifully designed and elegant twice. The amount is different from the reservation. Take it more, but the insurance is Dirham and the smell of the lobby is from the restaurant.
I read it and did not scrutinize much except in its content .. I was in desperate need of forgotten .. Maybe I got a little frustrated because of her friend&#39;s return to love and her preoccupation with him .. But I really enjoyed his reading .. And I liked very much the poems at the end .. and In my opinion, it might help many women to overcome their emotional crises ... God gave you wellness, Dr. Ahlam:
Exceptional. I liked everything, especially the cleanliness and decor. There is no restaurant inside the building, outside services such as restaurants and groceries need a car, but it is not too far
Wonderful. The location does not match the luxury of the hotel as there are no beautiful views. The hotel caters to travelers close to Dubai International Airport. No views of the hotel.
Wonderful. Their location is close to the metro station and on the opposite side overlooks the Dubai Marina .. The room is clean and the bathrooms are of the highest style ... The reception is of Arab nationality not at the level of the hotel.
Friends and I were amazed at the menu, which distinguished it in its taste and plenty of options, and I still enjoy every service with every visit. My favorite meal is fucasha, potato and acacadia.
The depth of Sayyid Qutb’s writings, his personal experience, and the sincerity of his feelings in it make the reader affected and feel what he was feeling ... as a child, it is one of the most wonderful things I have read. God have mercy on the martyr
A wonderful novel highlighting the intellectual development in the life of the same person in different age stages, and this was Khadija, the young girl, including the demons who wished to learn carpentry, and Khadija who refused the groom, the doctor, and then Khadija, the mother who wanted to walk her children on the ruler and raise them strictly to be the best in At the same time, the novel sheds light on the conflict between the mother’s desire and suppressed the wishes of the sons Sawsan. She was in desperate need to find someone who understands and assimilates them, but she was shocked by the dominant mother who came to the secret world. Necessary, we ask ourselves, do you Manatkd it was the best for our children the best Hao actually just an illusion or de
The book is a little shocking, but he who has a willingness to run his brain away from the constants will discover that most of it is true and applies to the majority of Sunni Muslims specifically
Get out of the book and you are more humane. And tongue are you saying to anyone who lost his sight, not his insight: Throw your glasses ... what are you blind. I, we are blind
The beginnings are not the same as the climb of a mountain, but the ends are not the same as a rolling. And in the novel is something from the beginnings, my first time to hear the name Zahir, my first time to enjoy it like this, and my first time to read one of Nasrallah&#39;s works.
The sublimation of overcoming others with your right is a high creation, a compelling act, and I am not good at it, well, perhaps I am good at it, but very rarely, revenge is simply a response to an action that no one has the right to commit towards you .. and the inability to take revenge is destined to die a cloud. That is, to kill yourself in the form of daily installments of regret and grinding teeth, one of the things that attracted me most in the novel of the brilliant darkness is the ability of its owner to sublimate, to kill his feelings towards whoever wronged him and deprived him of the right of humanity .. Perhaps his choice for this behavior is a last resort for survival. As feelings of revenge fought him, but he was totally incapable of them, his only option was to transcend these feelings and literally sublimate him. Hey, the choice was to survive regardless regardless .. However, the ability to create this creation in other forms is more frequent and less imperative = an act that exceeds the ability of the common man .. In fact, I did not find the creation of tolerance more reasonable than in this novel .. I did not find creation Sublimation over the injustice of life is more compelling than it is in it ... This, and the novel is not close to what I am talking about, but a partial that attracted me in it ..
Exceptional. Everything is excellent with the configuration of the hotel such as the gym, pool and other entertainment. Block the visit
Naif View is a beautiful and comfortable hotel. The hotel has a very good location, next to the many cheap markets between it and the Baniyas metro. Air conditioning was working temperament
Excellent. Location. Water Cycle
Excellent. Brother Fayez&#39;s treatment at the reception deserves appreciation.
Triple masterpiece .....
A beautiful hotel with friends without a conservative family. Good reception. The sounds of airplanes and the availability of alcoholic drinks in the hotel
Thanks for everything they gave us. The cleanser.
A genius is a wise man when he becomes wise in watching a roach. In describing a shallow scene in this world. In describing what other people&#39;s hearts do not see when their eyes see it. A genius is always wise when we enjoy a cockroach and enlighten our minds. A genius is a philosopher of what they call trivial things. Whoever gives everything meaning. A genius is by all accounts
Very deep. And the writing style is sweet, oh
The hotel is refined and beautiful in all respects except Internet fee is not free. Everything is nice in the hotel. Cleanliness .. breakfast..receiving .... close to the markets. Most of Dubai hotels offer free internet to guests, which is a very important feature for choosing hotels, and they are available in the hotel at a high fee .... I hope that Rotana Hotels will follow this free feature for guests like other high-end hotels ..
I tried the amber and frankly, well, but my right was a little burnt. The problem with the restaurant is the velvet sofas, and the dirt is shown along so that you block yourself when you read. The family section was a nice meeting and a nice atmosphere. The mini menu is easy and short for sixty thousand dishes, like some restaurants. Correction to the price of the burger is riyals, with fries, and a drink salad in riyals. God willing, I will leave when I go to Riyadh again
A private visit. Location, hygiene and privacy. nothing
good. Location. The service of Zamzam Café is very unfortunate. The food menu is too expensive and in a great way. The prices are very fantastic
Novel training center
The word of Abbas’s uncle, when he said: The late said: O Lord, you will die more.
Cardiac massage right in the center of the heart
good. . I lived on the first floor, bothering me with the bar and music that starts at am, which is sleep time
... great, great ... great ... Thank God I read some narrations before I read them. I expect that if I read it as the first novel .. the standards will rise and I will not like a novel after it. One of the pre-th wishes ... author interview. I recommend but I appeal to everyone interested in literature to read it.
very good. Very beautiful, clean, tidy, calm and comfortable. Very far from the city center
Beautiful and fun. Wi-Fi speed, quiet, and proximity to Prince Sultan Street, Sultan Mall is very close. Only the floor of the apartment is not as clean as it should, and poor mobile network
One of the best novels to her village is interesting and interesting, with good sequence and a shocking end
Good book in the beginnings:
A wonderful book, in which from thought, philosophy and persuasion to your brother, you gain experience that could have fallen into its mistakes for years. Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud authored us in a book with his beautiful, easy and convincing style:
Summit of dealing and treatment. When you receive the receptionist, that Yemeni man tries sincerely to the treatment and ethical manners. Yes, the hotel is very good and high-end treatment. Something simple, which is a water tap, and I didn&#39;t ask for repair
A few days, so God Almighty said about Ramadan, and this is how old, a few days we flaunt and go into the midst of its dawn, but we stopped this station to remind us, to stimulate our cells of faith that surrendered to sleep, here we are standing on its doors, waiting to enter it with worries, sorrows and tiredness from this way Difficult, but will we be supplied with it, will this station be a light and a torch that illuminates the darkness of the journey? I hope that this time it is so, whoever tastes known, and who knows. And I hope that this wonderful booklet will be a simple guide to explain the advantages of this station and the pillars of supply it contains ... Perhaps this year we will be the ones who were truly born ... We who are not yet born
The title of the novel did not attract me, and its introduction accused me of being a translator. But soon I got stuck in the box ... and found that Saud Al-Sanousi presented a very beautiful work, deep in the experience, delicate in cultural details of the Philippines specifically, and at the same time, he addressed the issues and images of the abominable racism in our societies in a different and creative manner. Raise the hat of respect to this writer. And thank him for this fun work. I recommend reading it
Reality, you will not see in a news channel, a reality that may be more painful. It is the daily suffering of the Palestinians on their land.
Calm place and cleanliness, please change breakfast and change in eating. Cleanliness and calm. Please change breakfasts. Please increase the towels by swimming.
In principle, this book tells you that no reassurance will come from the two sides. You will read it in defiance of the title and you will be sure, after you finish it, that you have lost the challenge.
The finest and most painful of what I read. Quotes. Sometimes if the target is wrong, it is not better at all than the target. A person is like a plant not only because he needs water to grow, but he also must be as productive as a plant. A person who does not bear fruit is like a sterile plant, it is not important to find it and it will not make a difference .. And the fruit of man is that it contributes to making the world more just and more balanced .. making the world a world Best. If we ride the ship of others, we should never expect us to reach a place other than what they mean. Maybe healing is sometimes part of the pain. No one can ask for healing and grumbling about the pain that accompanies healing. Urgency sometimes kills the whole arrival. Doing nothing and just waiting is definitely easier than challenging that flood. There is no god but God, it is always the light in the heart of the darkness formed in people who do not try to see this light. We only really grow when we add something to what we are around, we grow as much as we add. Change should not just be an idea in the heads, but rather be a fact that people see. You should not be ashamed of what you do. You must be proud of it. You must love it. Because we only grow up when we do the right thing. Your skill as you were created for it increases as you do what you were created for
I am a fan of the hotel. The reception and service are fast. No inconvenience to visitors in the air conditioner. The water heater is not hot enough
Excellent for businessmen heading to downtown. Very close to the city center. Restaurant and room services
One of the best of what was written by Professor Sayyid Qutb, may God Almighty have mercy on him, touching a wound that has not healed since the abdication of Al-Hassan bin Ali, may God have mercy on him, and handing him over the state of Islam to the tyrants and the Akasra who obeyed their policy and humiliated Muslims until he lost any meaning in the meanings of justice and equality and until money became a state among the rich, and Muslims settled after riches and a culture of gifts and gifts appeared in them from God’s money, deducting from them the urgent of God’s torment .. He lost justice, the security of traitors, and the falsehood of the truthful .. The master of Qutb in this book talks about the silence and removes the darkness from the sun of truth ..
: //. //. My review of the book on Instagram
Almost excellent. Guidance in the rooms. Parking
A well-crafted novel, Youssef Al-Muhaimid presented an amazing Gulf novel, the language was amazing, the flow of time was successful, the characters are out of the forgotten world and dark destinies, the language is able to attract the reader from the first paragraph to the last line.
Of course, I consider it the second part of Zagazig .. But this is my love very much. Perhaps more than Zagazig does not know why ... I needed to read it .. Maybe Mawood the reader might very affect my impression of the book ... :. :
good. Close proximity to the campus in terms of expansion of Al-Abdullah Abdullah room cleanliness. We were not allowed to change Iftar for Suhoor
And I still admire me in dreams of using her belief that love stories are not happy, and I thought of a hair house by Nizar Qabbani. The stories of love have made you crazy. They are all coma, myth, and imagination of love. It is not an eastern novel with its conclusion, marrying heroes.
Excellent. The reception staff are quick to handle and complete.
In the beginning, I did not think that I would give her more than two stars for you pain and sadness. The writer crushed everything, all dreams, all hope, and all the energy of light. Was this era really so bitter? . The four stars because I enjoyed the last page and because the writer, despite his pain and depression, experienced his style and description very well. This is my first experience with his writings, and I liked his description of his city, which is similar to our small cities, even if his image of this life is bleak black. Perhaps it is a picture of bitter reality, and perhaps we reject such readings because we run away from our reality with what we read. Our hardships are bitter enough to fail us, dispel our dreams and kill us every day. I liked neutralizing political events. Confusion about Abdel Nasser when he talked about him. It is strange for this man to arrest my father, yet I could not hate him. Rather, my father loved him when he managed to enter me to medical school as the elders do to their children. What happened is a kind of bitter misunderstanding
You feel that the writer addresses you in a serious but gentle language at the same time..the commandments within it express the writer&#39;s intelligence and his paper..I was very sad at the end of the book..For me, the book can be considered as a lifestyle..of the books that I have to read from time to time
I did not expect this short novel to contain seventy years through an ever-lasting episode of Friends
Site marked. The location is excellent. The price is high, even though I booked a hotel room, the reception says it is in the apartments and when booking through booking there is no sign of that ??
Why did death take you from us early, Ghassan ??? Indeed, the saying that silence in the sanctuary of camels Jamal .... Umm Saad is Palestine and Palestine is Umm Saad
This book is not the same as commenting on it. It tells the Sunnah of the Prophet, may God’s prayers and peace be upon him, happy to read it again.
Exceptional. The hotel overall is excellent. The road to enter the hotel is difficult
Exceptional. Close to Deira City Center. Away from the Dubai Mall and city center
Very inspiring..a least say so seriously, inspired me, and find ways to think about the needs of what I didn’t take into consideration from them ... but the book Malush is a name that I like more, if the two fall in comparison
A book of more than wonderful and much more knowledge of the October War scenario and the mission of everyone in the government and military establishment
Worth the experience. The staff is very excellent, especially Mr. Khaled Yahya at the reception. They are looking at how they can serve you and provide you with amenities.
For the second time I read this book .. I tried to find my condolences in small things and details that made us happy in the past, but hehe .. I grew old and sang such things .. And as usual, I find my condolences in the words of Abdel Wahab Mutawa. . But these principles and ideals that you tell about and that I have grown to the point of conviction, I find unrealized, that the reality is different and far from it, and that what you remember is the specific exception .. There is no exception .. Every time we reach the same turning point and we hope that The judge will be .. but it is not .. Her stinging attempts from me to preserve some of the remnants of the lines, so that they may be renewed, grow and strengthen as they were before ..
I will hold my soul to my comfort and throw the shafts of evil, either life will please the friend, or death will rage the enemy. That is the spirit in which the original Palestinian lives ... My view changed from the entire Palestinian issue after reading Tantoori How much terrible information and effort exerted by A / Radwa Ashour is beyond description. I lived with his ruqyah, and how much moment affected me, which I met her son Hassan without knowing of her, and he was separating them only with a barbed wire and raised the infant to accept it. The story of a struggle and its unparalleled love is one of the most wonderful things I have ever read.
Excellent . Location, swimming pools, comfort. nothing
The Book of Fundamentals of Reaching to God Almighty by its Writer Sheikh Muhammed Hussein Yaqoub is a very good guide book for those of God upon him through the commitment and access to the path of guidance, God willing .. The writer, may God reward him with good in the book with nearly a page in his second edition the reader on the path of access through three The first axes of them after the introduction are flashes on the way to walk to God and then lesions on the road and then a traveler rest and the last word before starting to discuss the topic of the book and they are not originally from the origins of reaching God .. When you read the book you will find the style of the writer easy close to the difficult Arab words and words Except that it is in the early parts of The book flashes and pests, a break and the word The writer&#39;s money at times to get over the topic in an exaggerated manner, you may lose enthusiasm in the continuation of reading and make you bored. However, the writing style changed with the beginning of the main book topic, so it became more focused and deep in a way that affects the reader, and this is what you will feel when you read this book. Then the book ended by holding the conclusion, and may God reward its writer the best reward.
Exceptional. One of my first options in Dubai, frankly, is a minute&#39;s walk to the Dubai Mall, supermarket and pharmacy, very close to, and beautiful and luxurious suites. The laundry service is expensive and late
Wonderful. . The hot water is yellow
What I enjoyed most about this unique novel is a preserved simulation of history and religious impact with an amazing genius. How many writers can simulate this realism, and draw inspiration for ideas to merge it into a scene completely different from its original scene, but you accept it and do not feel any distaste or strange in the events .. Rather, you yearn to read the events as if you were not fully aware of the famous religious history .. What really surprised me was that this novel illuminated many aspects of me that were dark in front of me. The character of our master Adam, peace be upon him. The stranger in the matter, which I cannot understand: How some people saw in this narration nothing but a mockery of the religious paths of the prophets, peace be upon them all .. And the narration in fact is far from it .. He did not see the literary splendor, and no beauty Simulation, and no noble purpose of the novel. He took from it what he wanted to take, and the beginning of the interpretation was agreed to by him .. The only negative point that I see is the following:. When I used to read Mahfouz, I used to enjoy a lot of his psychological analyzes for all the characters of his novel .. Literally to tell them .. He explains the charities of each of them and his inner .. Even you almost sympathize with their hardships and spoil them. It highlights all their human aspects. The bad ones and the good ones ... teach you to accept the human being as it is .. and to realize that I am all wrong .. He did it as best as it is in the trilogy .. In this novel, I did not find from this wonderful feature a lot. Maybe it is a historical simulation. And not characters of his imagination. But I missed her anyway ... a beautiful novel. I highly recommend reading it before judging it .. Children of our neighborhood. But they fear Allah scientists
And my heart rubbed what hardened you. Oh my heart .. How many sank in the seas of ignorance ... If I knew the amount of his disobedience .... If I knew his cruelty, I would not have violated his command ..... If I saw the severity of the torture, I would not like the length of absence ... I would be standing on the road without help or companion ....... if..lo..lo..and would not benefit you if after the death attack and the descent of the grave .......
Excellent for families. Close to the Emirates Mall and easy access to the Dubai Mall and Burj Khalifa by train. There is no
Very painful, untold psychological torment
Exceptional. Staff, hygiene and quiet place with all services available. nothing
Comfortable, quiet and wonderful. Room cleanliness. Calm and calm music. Valet parking service in hotel cellar. Hospitality . All room services with advanced systems and touch .. Valet parking services that they are not responsible for any damage to the car and lost goods. The restaurant lacks the focus of the staff in providing some bread and fruit if it ends.
When I looked at this book, the title and cover grabbed me tightly, and I was searching for any book that revolves around loneliness and sadness. The first thing that struck me at the beginning of reading was the writer&#39;s admission that this is not a novel. It also did not find a novel that it is a group of messages that reflected pain, pain and unity, whether from Majed or Mai. I was fascinated by the language of this writer, who for the first time read to him and got to know him. His words, sincerity of his feelings and his tremendous ability to communicate feelings entered me in the world of messages that have always been the most sincere in conveying feelings. I have always loved the style of Gulf writers, especially the Saudis, who have a special luster and tremendous ability to convey emotions honestly, especially the sad ones. Quotes:. Pray for me, pity for my face, which I forgot to take with me to my voice, while I was laughing, as birds spewed out of my mouth, and I did not tie them to joy that might come. Sow my life in the airports and bags do not grow in the form of a homeland. I think do we take from the road, or is it from us? My heart is smaller than before. It became small as if suddenly shrank and bored of me. I am ballet and empty of all tales. I am the wrong piece in the empty box of the life compositions box. We grow up to discover the size of our follies yesterday. Come kidnap me in front of these ideas that indicate that I am a guest who has not yet won the dignity of imprisonment in the bosom of the homeland
I liked a simple sensitive and meaning
There is a question that I had in my mind after I finished reading it. Why wrote a horror story on it? . The book is an approach that, in some’s view, may seem more imaginative than reality. But is this true ??. In my view, we were already on the verge of this collapse. Perhaps the revolution came to save us. Perhaps it came to delay this fate. But the reality is still the same. The rich get richer. And the poor get poorer, ignorant and sick. It has to move. So as not to be surprised one day who builds a utopia on the northern coast. I liked the book, hurt me, and shocked me
I am very very very happy and I read this book. God knows you, Dr. Faisal with the voice of the author. Little details, I said no one takes into account one of the needs de others, but thank God, I met with someone in the same place and thinking. It is a beautiful thing that you look back at someone who was in the so-called conservative side, he was thinking about what and how he thought, this change over time and affiliation. This book was really starting, I would have preferred to turn around for this whole period, and I was disturbed that he got rid of my hands as quickly as I was as happy and eager as I was in the previous lines to enjoy what is said ... of my preferences and recommend it to any friend who simplifies:
How did this novel get out of Booker&#39;s short list ??. Is this a first novel by its author ??. This is a very good and refined novel, and I expect it will remain a milestone in the Saudi narrative. An interesting narration of historical events in a clever way through the multiplicity of voices, the story was for me at first a mystery mystery, what is the temptation of Jeddah, and the title in the beginning suggests something like the temptation of Jeddah as a city, and not that incident that history records of sedition events that occurred between the people of Jeddah and the British authority at the time Ottoman rule also. However, the narrator soon shows another affliction to Jeddah, that is, the girl who loves that accusation .... and the events take place. I do not forget to mention that my only disadvantage to the novel is the absence of the hadith of characters who looked evil like the betrayed British consul, and even that the Ottoman governor Namik Pasha does not seem to him any bad during his speech, and his evil appears only in the end. The writer managed to portray the souls and characters of his heroes with all impartiality and sincerity that made us interact with them and sympathize with their casualties, and how that made the event a major focus for the novel revolving in a calm and sweet manner for him about the nature of time and space at that time, that is a duty I think is the time to reveal it as we always say to the next situations. The most acceptable ruling is the conclusion of the novel by presenting novels by the end of Saleh Jawhar, one of its heroes. And sedition was seen with her mother, going to ... Thank you, Taher. .. .. Thank you winds
excellent , . Everything is beautiful in the hotel, frankly, view, location, Wi-Fi, and cleanliness ,, very tidy. There is nothing that can only be fast online once;
O people, do not be sad .. Do not be sad .. How to be sad about something and you are nothing .. How to be sad about what was lost and you are lost .. For it does not mourn lost, lost, lost, or lost, and perishing ... .. O people of hypocrisy .. That is your land .. O hypocrites .. This is your story ..
The vision in the book is not a solution, and the same idea in linking the blood to the whole subject is genius ... in some details that caused boredom and distraction, but the whole book is sweet and the kind of imagination in it is sophisticated = keep going
good. . As for the bathroom of the rooms, there is no hows beside the chair bath or what it called the Frangie
Very fun novel. It was more than a novel .. It contained philosophy, thought, religion, politics, history, poetry and much more ... It contained romantic and other comical moments in which I attended tragedy. The novel touched me a lot and I hoped it would be long and endless. The period in which the novel took place was very popular with me, as I am a fan of Egyptian classic films in the fifties and sixties
Hygiene and luxury. Breakfast is excellent, cleanliness of the place and reception staff treated to high standards and positions four floors. There is no
Positions. Excellent. There are no positions
Excellent. Favorable price and all services are available and responsive .. nothing
good. The hotel is modern. Slow entry procedures
Exceptional. Everything I liked about this amazing hotel. Wi-Fi is weak
She started ragi and boredom, and preferred to add more suspense, and reached a sweet ending. He was stuffing hours, but he had a goal like the story of birth and Theresa, although he would still have a lot of stuffing to serve on a topic, but I saw a little more. But the story of her story is sweet, and it is also the first novel of the author.
On every page there are effects on the writer&#39;s intelligence .. a strong and unique style like this is a weapon with it that creates a wonderful interest in the most trivial topics even or even the exact opposite of the situation, a strong end that truly amazes you ...
The most wonderful vacation in Coral Resort. Frankly, it was a great experience and we are thinking about repeating it in the Coral Resort ... nothing
She started reading it phonetically, then she completed part of it reading from the book, and after that I completed it cinematically, it seems that it is the most diverse reading I got this year
good. The location of the hotel is excellent. bad service
Exceptional. The hotel is very nice and comfortable.
Very good meditations
The book is a very deep spiritual, philosophical and psychological experience ...
very good . Near the Noble Sanctuary. The single bed is rather small
When I finished reading it, I felt sad and distressed. Why did you distort him with this sad ending? Why did you leave him and not escape with him from this darkness? But this is the realistic end of your permanent separation and your permanent disappearance. Without any sparkle of hope
Exceptional. . Delayed entry
A very very very very masterpiece
Very impressive. I wish her page was more. . She held her nerve and pretended to be a fit. She turned to me, saying: I will not leave you . You will leave me hate for you. And I fixed a list as I took a stone from the ground to throw me into it. But I had unleashed my legs ,. So I turned away, and the stones thrown at me were shed behind me .. I did not stop, despite my pity on her .. And her voice cried with her thumping voice, which I love, knocking over my hearts ... And the darkness of the mountains grabbed me. On the ravine, the valley descending into the unknown future. I am expecting her voice or a stone thrown from her. It will fall on my back, but I cut my beloved to myself, and my memories with the deceased and Alborzan friends. And al-Tabshi, whose maid, and his fellow maid, bitten his descending soldiers:. Haarineh, your mother lost it to you ... tear it like rain ...
Wonderful. The hotel is new and considered as the best hotel for the money. nothing
A book that must be read by any Muslim who makes marriage a goal.
very good . Close to the campus, breakfast is ok, young Saudis at reception are excellent. Delayed entry and delay when bringing in the bags. I booked a room and determined the time of arrival. When I came, I was not ready, which caused my delay, and I was compensated with a better settlement than it was.
The novel: I am Kernina. Author: Liu Telstoy. Dostoyevsky said about it is a complete flawless artwork. In a Time Magazine poll, I declared Kernina the greatest novel I have ever written. The novel monitors the stage of transition from feudalism to civilized aristocracy in Russia, in which many conflicts overlap between love and duty, permissible heart and mind, honesty, lying, selfishness, altruism, death, life, .... And ..... I am a wife, a mother, an educated woman, and most importantly, a wonderful female Beauty is almost the most beautiful and elegant woman in the world, Tolstoy portrays his readers as a living icon, a goddess of myth. Her eyes are gray and her eyes are black, dense, extended, smiling, charming, light, fluttering on crimson lips, and she appears to be of great beauty. As for her husband, Alexis Karnin, she is twenty years older than him, and he is one of the most important aristocrats in Petersburg. He continues his rise, unaware of the importance of the hidden jewel. I meet Kerenina by chance at the train station with a noble knight named Fronsky, who, once he saw her until it was important in her passion, destiny had a lookout for them and here in the same place where they met the first time she will throw herself under the wheels of the train after several years, ending the most beautiful love story that humans may live and meet and be For her charms great authority over the life of Fronsky and the man draws her attention with his many noble stances and his big heart, so we realize that I Karenina had fallen into the whim of the noble knight in her heart before dancing her in that party, which was intended for something else completely. I participated in the party after I managed to return the water To its course between my brother A Stefan Oopellnski and his wife Daria that swizzle in cheating .. pattered Anna Karenina to the evening crane head Ghada Belle tall black excelled in her dress suit and brighter decoration like the moon. A dancing evening wanted by Daria’s sister Catherine to announce her love and engagement to Frunsky himself, and she apologized hastily to Levin, who failed to compete with Fronsky to mourn her luck. His righteousness almost surprised her rational tongue and realized that Frunsky in his military uniform fled to him long and imagined it, despite the darkness surrounding her, that she clearly shows the look of his eyes and the expression of his face, and that view speaks of its own accord about his love and wanderlust, but about his reverence for her, so I asked him why are you here? He said: I came to be required ... I be where you are, I have no trick in that, I entered her cabin and gave in to sleep and did not wake up except with the train arriving in Petersburg. We approached her husband and saw his ears as if they saw them for the first time and wondered about the reason for the emergence of these ears and the severity of this face and its lack of medal and gravity .. The love guides lovers new eyes that see things differently and because they are true. Soon her husband, with her truth, asked her to divorce, to start her journey of love and misery together, as the husband rejects the idea of divorce and refuses to leave her lover to start the conflict between her tenderness to her son and her love for Fronsky, so events develop and intertwine, and the two lovers struggle in a complex conflict in which the love does not have any priority in it and decides to live the love. ....... She has an assault on her sanctities because she is a novel woven with precision so that Tolstoy shares the reader with entanglement His events give him opportunities for imagination and weave between the lines, how amazing it really is, and how beautiful it is. All happy families are alike, but each unfortunate family has its own way of unhappiness
have a nice stay . Comfort, tranquility and reception staff are perfect. Wi-Fi is ineffective as required and the tax is an over night rate
I want to read it in the days of the war in Gaza, and I live in pain and more. The novel increased my pain over pain, anger over anger, and torment over torment. To be a Palestinian means to live a different life, all of which are sacrifices, torture, and pain. But he is a torment and a sweet, sweet pain. It is the story of war and torture, and beautiful love. The story of a stolen country. The story of a people who has fought and will fight forever in order to recover its right, which was taken from it by force. Hassan, Dalia, Youssef, Fatima, Amal, Majed, Hoda. The names carried severe beauty and torment ,,
We came to triumph beauty. In front of thousands of speeches. And love is the banner of our soul. Against massacres and wars. Maturity and loving affection. Begin the liberation of peoples. And tyranny fell mortgaged. Freeing hearts
very good. Excellent. A bit old
I recommend it. The apartments are clean, quiet and new, the employee was helpful and pleasant.
The preserved jewel. And the pearls hidden. Our wife, Ahmed Abdel-Ghaffar, showed him. Deliver and deliver to it. In our house, Al-Kayin, in the mountains of the mouse. I miss you, the yearning for the land of saliva ... the longing of the sadness ... for the breath ... when the chest is narrowed. MiSS ..
good . Mr. Hani Qamah is sophisticated in dealing and very helpful. The coffee machine does not work, the curtain in the room fell to the floor
Exceptional. Food and other services. the bed
good. . I was surprised that he settled in Hashrat and I have a video
Wonderful intellectual dialogues conducted by Jumana Haddad with some of the world&#39;s leading writers, Obvious. In her effort to research and prepare and read their works accurately and consciously, her style is beautiful and attractive and has a passion for literature and reading .. The first thing that attracted me to the book the title is from the Greek mythology Prometheus the thief of fire stole the fire that represents the light and knowledge of the gods and gave it to humans so the creators of the book are thieves of fire. All of the conversations enjoyed it while reading. Paul Auster had never read to him a beautiful philosophy and vision about life, soul, writing, and the relationship between the reader and writer. He talked about his life and his wife, who is a writer and first reader of his writing, and he was happy to discover that he had readers in the Arab countries. Jose Saramago felt with him simplicity and clarity of ideas in his mind and admired his ideas and attitudes, despite my disagreement with his thinking about religion. Mario Vargas Llosa and the strangest thing is that he started his life as a politician and ran for the presidency of Peru in general and describes the experience as bad and in many of his novels he writes about corruption and dictatorships in the countries of Latin America .. Alfred Linke and Antonio Tabuki and Umberto Eco and others .... discussions about literature and its role in changing people and societies On the basis of neutrality, and whether the author should have a declared opinion on all events regarding the preference of isolation and the writer&#39;s dealings with the media and other issues and issues. I spent a beautiful time with a writer and writer among them writers and poets not only in identifying their ideas and creativity but also in identifying human and personal aspects in their lives
I loved the novel even though it is mired in depression. The female writer, Olayan Fabric, is charming and interesting. To complete the last page of the novel. I wish the end was less sad. The heroine Ahlam was wonderful, strong and different from the rest of her brothers. But at the same time, I did not expect a strong personality. Throughout the novel it finally collapses. ................
I will often return to the same place. . The place needs a larger place for food..and a greater variety of breakfast food..There was always a shortage of juice and teaspoons
Really romantic design and excellent quality, thank you
Very cool book, simple style for the reader. With realistic examples and experiences for reliable studies. This is the second book I read to him after. Why are those around you so stupid and do not hide my great admiration? The book has a great influence on me and I hope to distribute its books to those I know so that they can benefit. Talk about happiness, whether it is in money, circumstances, religion, pleasures, genetics, success or relationships, or is it in the way of life:. To live an educated and athletic, to live a role, to live the present and the past, and to live in details. After all this you will know yourself. I think you need to read the book to feel the pleasure of knowledge and benefit ..
Delicious, delicious eating ... the atmosphere, the quality of each, and the service are more than excellent ... I advise everyone to experiment without asking .... especially our brother Omar ... forcing you to treat him well to repeat the visit and enjoy the beautiful atmosphere ... forget Try apple tea ...
A strange book, I sensed it, very pluralistic arguments and different ideas. Deepen in almost all areas of life. He condemned indirect opinions and solutions that many arguments we needed to understand. Although I am one of the most admired Jweidah as a poet. I love it more than this book as a prose writer
good. . The room is not ready when I arrived knowing that I have been told in advance about my arrival time. The hotel needs a refurbishment of the furniture, as it has become almost outdated. The decorations are also very bad parking service.
Islam did not kill but jurisprudence, as did the temple only destroyed its priests. The issue is not that our religion is a lie in its history, but rather that our history is a lie in its religion. The individual is not a Muslim in his heart in the mosque, but rather making him in the heart of humanity. They are God, His servants, not His servants. God hurt the prophets and people drink jurists. God does not want a temple to be worshiped by, but rather a person who is freed by it
Comfort and services are good. Location, staff cooperation, cleaning, brushes. nothing
My stay in Dubai Atana. everything. There is no
Run despite wounds and pain. Run, don&#39;t be disheartened. There is a lord who gives strength and hope. Run the Lord does not want you to die alone. The novel is rich in the beautiful Spring of Jaber. Rich in events and names in places and time, it is the responsibility of one person thirteen years and more without his soul overflowing with torment. Elaborate novel. Very painful, and she has a voice screaming inside you loudly: I am a human being .. I loved the novel and suffered for Hanna. For the sake of the person whose dignity is wasted every day. Humanity is wasted until it is forgotten human. The novel reminded me of this brilliant dark novel, but it is in many places, from the far to the beginning of the country ... among the novels that are worth reading. Without a doubt, I deserved an Arab Poker Award for a year.
Three friends who greatly attracted the attention of historians and orientalists and turned into symbols among the followers of their doctrines: Nizam al-Mulk, Omar Khayyam, and Hassan Al-Sabah .. Hassan knew most of what was known by his enthusiastic followers and their blind obedience to him. Without hesitation this scene was mentioned by the author in the novel, which led some to call the word Assassins on his followers and the assumption that Al-Hassan took control of them through this narcotic herb even though there is absolutely no historical reference to this assumption .. The author added to this assumption the terrestrial paradise myth created by Al-Hassan, It is a smart and interesting increase. I could not stop reading to find out the reaction of every young man Hassan sent there .. Although the last Hassan principle was anything permissible, the most important principle presented by the novel is the principle: What you believe in is the truth even if the senses of others believed that it was an illusion, then between That Al-Fardous Al-Hassan be a mother or a true one as long as Ibn Taher, Suleiman and Youssef believed in it, and what does it mean for girls to live in prison as long as they do not believe in this? We can, and others can also, compel our senses to believe in what is not real, and what is truly original except what our senses and perceptions believe? What I did not like about the novel is Ibn Taher’s fate, his rapid fluctuation was so frustrating, especially for a reader like me who desperately wanted to know what a person would do like the intelligence and strength of Ibn Taher, but his position since he left the king’s regime has become weak on all sides, so his quick approval of what the king’s regime said , And his ill-conceived impulse to kill Al-Hassan, and then his belief in it again are all inconsistent with what Tahir described in the book as intelligence .. Finally, I enjoy a lot of historical narratives that mix history with the writer&#39;s imagination, but the fear of mixing historical knowledge by narrating the author on the mind After some time reading, it confuses me and scares me, when I read Leon Alf Fear and Samarkand by Amin Maalouf. Historical information was abundant in a way that helped me to investigate and search while reading about personalities, events and truth. It is said that Amin was a high amount of historical investigation and was very reassuring, but Alamut is overcome by fantasy narration and historical errors, which makes it more of concern to me .. Who knows, perhaps the historical fact is also that we believe in its occurrence and everything else besides them:
Exceptional. The service is great and clean.
very good . The site is a car service, placing water bottles for drinking, the direction of the kiss and putting an iron. Not to place a carpet and it is assumed that he will get to know the religion of the resident in order to put a Koran in the room as well as we put a wheelchair in the secretariats and we did not find it
How can you live with a homeland that pronounces you? In this way, the young Kuwaiti novelist Saud Al-Sanousi, in his poker-winning novel, strives for the bamboo towards the fragmentation of the identity dilemma in Kuwait, as an example that extends throughout the Gulf states..He asks, in the words of Isa, the hero of his narrator with a Kuwaiti father and a Filipino mother :. From where can I get closer to home with many faces? Whenever I get close to one of them, he will look away. The narrator, who distanced herself from the familiarity of the language and the power of the word and the individual, tended the whole tendency towards a very simple language, and it is for me from the novels of the new generation revolting against its predecessors who plunged the reader into a vortex of linguistic structures at the expense of the overall structure of the narrator, which is exactly what Al-Sanousi mastered in the leg of the bamboo, It is precisely what makes the reader tense and biased to complete it as soon as possible, especially since Al-Sanousi used historical events close to the recipient, such as the hijacking of the Jabriya plane, the invasion of Kuwait, the departure of the Emir of Kuwait, and others in creating an intimate situation between him and the one who reads his narrator .. which is a very smart game Come after his most intelligent game A Baihamna that the novel translated from the Filipino language ... is worth the novel poker prize? . Although the short list of novels nominated for the Poker Prize plays a major role in arranging the list of novels that I would like to read, I have lost faith in the seriousness of this award, and I have lost faith in the idea of the competition and the awards for any artistic or literary format, in the absence of a clear and clear absence of the criteria that are based Should she have any jury to judge ... Does the bamboo leg deserve a poker prize? Answer: I do not know
It is an interesting book that it is recommended to have in every home. The only annoying thing in the book. It is not to mention in the Arabic edition on the outer cover. To the name of the real writer, which is Michael Hart, and put the name of Anis Mansour. On the cover was considered as a literary offense. If it is clear that the reason is commercial, then the books of Anis Mansour would be popular. When the book was first published in the late 1990s. I recommend reading it
As I read the last page of the novel, I felt that I had lost someone dear to my heart. The writer Ahmed Murad was creative in the novel de as usual. One of the best novels I have read ..
Iranian restaurant On every visit to Munich I dedicate time to eat from the Iranian cuisine and Shalizar restaurant must be in the menu the atmosphere of the restaurant and as if you are in one of the restaurants in Tehran in terms of restaurant design and artifacts The service is very wonderful The food has a distinctive taste and fresh Food prices are within Reasonable compared to other Iranian restaurants in Munich, but when you decide to hope in this restaurant make sure that you carry with money because they do not accept credit cards, so I divided them four stars
Kanab is very cool. The books of Sheikh Al-Areefi, all of which are wonderful
From what I read the coolest
Wonderful wonderful wonderful
very good. Hadi is a good breakfast.
I love this book. It takes me out of any depression. :
Excellent stay, the hotel is very good, and the breakfast is very good. The rooms are good, and the location is fine. I recommend this hotel if you are on business stay. Taxi is available and ready from outside the hotel at any time. The location is in the city center to go to your places, and it may be delayed due to traffic jam. The service is very good. The Wi-Fi connection is slow, but you can browse just fine.
Wonderful book. Actually, I feel that the writer read all the books of human development, and we read this book
Excellent . Everything is excellent and very suitable for any time you visit. Windows are not soundproofed
Ibrahim Aslan, in the simplest possible way, can create a visual world, simplicity, characters, events and narration
In my assessment of this novel, I confused four or five stars. Although it won my admiration .. However, I procrastinated in its completion ... Parts of the novel were wonderful..I attracted me a lot ... However, other parts I found boring or repeated or not new in terms of events. Regarding the title, I found it totally unattractive ... There were more beautiful titles and more accurate with the content than the long title, which certainly would not be remembered for a long time ... Like if you titled it: The Goblin Market Manuscript ... or the alienation of Abdi only ... Sure Create the writer in the role of the novelist, as the last century .. I believed that the novelist is the servant .. I lived with him everything that he lived ... The experience was beautiful .. The information was on a plate:
Lee Kwan .. is the cornerstone of building Singapore .. a great effort that contributed to the emergence of a distinguished country in various fields.
The book seems deceptive at first, a book that talks about the Gulf war, the events of the war itself are no more than a page, and the rest is all about the preludes to war. If you were looking for a book that describes the battles of war and whoever strikes the one in the last hour, occupy a city as well as not close to this book. But if you were looking if Saddam really was this idiot that they describe, and the real motives of Iraq and the position of most Arab countries, then I found your lie. I enjoyed a lot about the part of the history of the Gulf, how its countries originated, and the details of most of the summit meetings at this time, as it proves that whoever really governs us is a cow. At the end of the book, a look to the future expects a role for the angry youth movement in the Arab world. This is not a problem for me, but to mention this in a book written in the early nineties, so consider. The bottom line for me ... is a structure that strikes again:
When I acquired this book, I thought that I was facing a novel that is more like a novel by Lolita by Nabokov because of the title, but with reading I found that this story is nothing but a love story mixed with political reality in a certain period of time. But this is not all. The love story also does not resemble other love stories. It is not a frantic love story that stands in the way of customs, traditions and society, nor a unilateral love story in which the hero endlessly torments..not like all the love stories that you can expect ..I will not spoil the novel in this review so that everyone can take an idea about the book without damaging the story, but poor poor Ricardo, the hero of the story, fell in love with his first teenage years with a girl, and this girl remained attached to him like a curse, so he begins to encounter her more than once in a city Different, or under a different identity, or with a different appearance, but ultimately it remains the one who can never N is wrong about him .. She is the same malignant child, who begins in her childhood by lying to her companions about her identity and sticking to the habit of her to grow up in it and exercising with great pleasure and fearlessness .. The malicious child who pursued the money and left love on the streets in the form of Ricardo the lover every time from Her heartbreaking departure succeeds, then she returns to torture this poor person and causes a complete coup in the course of his life, then she disguises himself as a fleeting pleasure and leaves Ricardo, who for a moment could not stop her love, he followed her as a meek calf and fulfills her whims and desires. The events of the novel continue throughout the life of the malignant child, where Ricardo meets her for the first time, and the people he meets at each time stage, and the many cities that he passes through .. The novel is fragrant with the scents, places, cities and knowledge, which highlights the size of the writer Yossa&#39;s culture and the depth of his knowledge, it is entertaining and worthy By reading and the truth, boredom will not let you down, but you will be anxious and eager to know what will happen next, and in what way the malicious child will appear, and it will imagine to you that you see a group of films in one book. The style is great and the translation is very good, although sometimes professional.
A lot of digression leads you to boredom sometimes, but it is one of the few books that mainly talks about the Iranian revolution
Seriously. I was living with her in all respects. Style, narration and case are all arbitrator. Features, homes and streets are all on your mind. You will have memories as if you lived with them. A favorite of Nespali. The case The case then the case
My first experience with Murid was with a novel I saw Ramallah, but I felt that I was born there and was born here that comes first in my view .. A novel full of beauty, memories, and high emotion, and with pain, no matter how much the Palestinians tell, no one has the size of their suffering and their torments .. I was stopped by a lot of The sentences and phrases in this book, a very distinctive murid language, introduces you to his worlds as if you chose him for vocabulary and his ability to draw imagination in words and the novel included words in the Palestinian accent, I added to the work a distinctive aspect ... I just did not like some of his personal stances regarding some Islamic rituals such as prayer, Quran, hijab and others ..
Honesty is number one. The place, the view, comfort, cleanliness, service and handling. Frequent congestion in the lobby sometimes and value sometimes rises
With us, the rest. everything. nothing
Excerpts liked it. I wish we could restore our past days, with those of us separated from them, the ways to live them with others, but no one in this universe can take anyone&#39;s place. I said: People, as Buddha says in his teachings, are equal, no one has any advantage over anyone except by knowing and controlling desires. She shook her head, saying, We are not Buddhists .... I picked up the chain of the cross from the stairs near Seriri. In the Bible, the Apostle Paul says there is no difference now between a Jew and a non-Jew between a slave and a free man between a man and a woman. You are all one in Christ Jesus .. I looked at me suspiciously. She answered me, but I left no room for her. I know, I know .. You are not Christians. I headed to the open laptop since the previous night on one of the electronic pages, I turned the screen towards it. Muhammad, the Prophet, in his temper. Farewell says that your Lord is one, and that your Father is one, all of you will be yours and will be yours. I will honor you with God, your fear, and not for the Arabs to Ajmi, a favor, except for piety
good. The location of the hotel is good and close to the cornice, close to the essentials like the supermarket and the pharmacy. There are not enough parking spaces, the windows need fast maintenance, and the living room is very small
Enjoyable stay. The hotel is very clean, the breakfast is good, and the bus is available to and from Al Haram. There is no
It is not a five-star loss in it. A very interesting story. I cannot afford it, except when I finished it in one day
A nice novel that I liked a little, regardless of the long romantic context
Nice . Room Capacity: The size of the beds: The beds are very very comfortable, the limits of a small kitchen, an electric oven, a good side effect of the camp, and a quick outlook. The water pool in the bathroom, there is no hotel parking below the men, Wi-Fi is like it or not so slow
Unique . Genius
With leisurely, I experienced sadness and joy, and although sadness dominated most of the novel, I really enjoyed reading it ... The style of the writer is simple and smooth, which made me finish it in almost two sessions ... Although the end was not the one that I aspire to be but that the novel moved inside me Many things ..
The book is separate articles on various topics of the writer, asking in some of the questions that pass in his mind loudly, the literary style of the writer is wonderful and very sophisticated. I liked him asking the uncompromising audacity to ask
Excellent service. Juice cans because the powder is unhealthy. We are a fan of the Hilton Long Beach Hurghada. As a thank you, resume the hygiene, the restaurant and the reception. Thank you very much. Astar is a gem.
I love the writings of Bilal Fadl strongly, sarcastic and pungent in the article, and creative in the short story .. The Sheikh Al-Alil group contains short stories and other slender stories that I liked most of them, and the group reminded me of the stories of the group what the eye did with the dead and which I think is the best that Bilal wrote .. in the collection stories written after The revolution and another before the revolution, and despite the difference of years between writing this and that, it only brings them together Bilal&#39;s mockery of the extent of the misery that this country is experiencing, misery enveloped with irony, so you do not know whether to laugh or cry for our situation.
Exceptional. Reception staff, in particular Muhammad al-Mughrabi and Maryam. Price per night, no clothes iron
A very stressful novel that I read yesterday night in continuous hours, different moments and different feelings that I felt. I felt very upset. The novel started with different scenes from the life of the various characters of the story. I did not accept Sarah&#39;s description. These are illogical and illogical qualities. To be a six-year-old girl who is fluent in different languages. The rules and approach are so far. In terms of logic there is nothing wrong with this point may be a fictional addition from the writer as I mentioned at the beginning that there is a lot of description and events an imaginary smear and not related to the true story. There is nothing wrong in the past that I neglected to consider fiction as influencing, because the novel is more sophisticated than talking about it in terms of truth and fiction. I felt very angry, especially towards Nada and Hassan, who were both traitors. I spent two whole hours walking on the long balcony of the apartment, which inspired the events that started after Ahmed&#39;s disappearance. She felt that Nada, despite her Islam and commitment, was still keeping the covenant of treason enjoyed by Jews. Well, I may be racist, I absolutely hate all Jews. Well I know very well that not all Jews are Zionists, but in the end they are Jews and I am not tolerant. Well, maybe I also say this only because I now feel angry and I remember myself a few hours ago and my left hand still hurts me from the fist that I paid to the wall from the anger from Hassan until I likened him at the time to Abbas’s agent of the Zionists in Palestine and likened my dew to our Arab countries that only go downhill And betrayal. This metaphor was appropriate. But even after I finished the novel and the positions became clear, I still did not change my mind about Hassan. I may have taken a little excuse for my club, but I still cannot help what Hassan did from the beginning when he asked a sermon for his fiancé, his best friend, who was absent, who never thought about returning, until they had found no trace of his body or anything. And he used to love his friend&#39;s fiancée before it, it is a betrayal that someone like me could never forgive. Well, it seems like this, I&#39;m going to write the whole review with the same feelings of anger, but I&#39;ll leave this point now so that I may calm down and move on to another issue. The most important events of the novel were the path that Ahmed cleverly led to turn all the events of the novel into what we might call the road to Islam. The process of transitioning from religion to religion, especially to Islam, as I&#39;ve lived through. Some examples are not perfect. You will not find many interesting philosophical discussions in this. The issue of the scientific miracle is true, it is a thorny subject and has many problems and errors, but it is still a good means of understanding the religion to a large extent and it is still a basic reason in Islam for many of the people. The characters of the real story, so I can&#39;t tell for sure in the end, but in the end, will our assessment be based on ideas or the events of the novel? I am a Muslim in the end. But I am supposed to be a science student and a research project, so my view of things will differ according to the perspective from which I look at it. In general, I do not find a big problem in accepting this issue, whether the scientific miracle or the author’s bias sometimes towards her religion, in the end, bias is a human quality. The last thing I want to talk about is that I was surprised by a character that I might consider, perhaps the true heroine of the novel. A tolerant and committed sincere in everything that preserved itself and its religion. She endured all odds and believed God, and she believed her in achieving her dream, her will, and her womb from living among us in this cruel world. A personality like Rima must pass on to the will of God and not live in the midst of contempt and contempt for those who deserve it, such as us. Rima, you remind me of someone whom I met from Palestine, he was like you, but in the end he was not a true child who had a child’s heart, but he was a great personality. I hope that you met in the gardens of the mole on the one who doesn’t know or forget
It is a sad smile that narration .... a journey of misery and misery over Fatima and eternal loss ... many come on details that affect you with it. Description of the city and the misery of factory workers. The smell of grass. The color of the clouds in the city. Fatima, her pure charm and her dreamy brilliance .. You only have a sad smile on your lips and you are following Ali’s journey in search of his lost joy, his hidden magic and his special idol ... As for the dramatic plot, it is not Absolutely new, which is the cause of the four stars. The story is expected from its beginning to its end, but the smooth, creative description is what I liked about the novel ... The writer’s method is to put the reader in the novel’s atmosphere. I felt the humidity of a house on and the smell of factory smoke and cracking condemning a father on. Sahar Fatima suffocated from the artificial atmosphere of Salwa and her family ... Ha The writer has to touch politics a long way in the novel, but it came a weak and unclear line, so you do not know whether he was in favor of Abdel Nasser or did he get a disappointment from the setback ... The scene of the injured setback in the hospital reminded me of the novel Karnak ... In general it is a very good and rich narration With interesting details but missing the excellent plot
The book is superb style ... attracted me from the first page. God willing, great book
This book is one of the best books that I have read
very good. Cleanliness and room size. The location is quite far from the city
good . Treat and crew screen.
Exceptional. The hotel is quiet and provides everything in it close to the mall.
The assumption is a book that increases every parent who teaches his son or grandson her hour with the Holy Qur’an and hadiths. May Allah reward you, the best reward
Exceptional. Excellent hotel in the full sense of the word, the reception staff are very professional and the services are excellent.
???? . Calm down. cleanliness
Oh God. Masterpiece book. Change the usual biography books and take the biography of the Mustafa from a purely social aspect. Without going into too many details and big names like usual biographical books. Like a grandfather telling a story for his grandchildren a little. And he says to them, O children, the social conditions of Quraysh were such and the ruling was for so and so. When he spoke about the Mustafa, I speak in the same manner. Just explain the circumstances of the prophecy until migration and all invasions. I have benefited from new information, so new, I can unfortunately not readers of biography and religious books in general, due to a defect in my readings, I try to fix it. On the general level, I enjoyed the simple style and explanation. Of course, I cried as usual in the scene of the death of the Messenger. The book is strongly recommended, but a reader has a biography before or after the book. Mebgash means only reference. Noticeable:. The book was my gift to myself on the occasion of my success in challenging the day of happiness. Although I did not have a phab, I would like to answer a book for myself. However, after days of reading this book. I would like to say that I am very pleased with myself. And Farhana is strong with the book. Four stars are due. And a distinguished book joins the list of the finest clicks. A first experience, and it will not be the last for the writer. The review ended. /
If I seek refuge in God from the word I was the president of this country .... I would have decided this book on each one written in his Egyptian card and distributed it after Friday prayers and the Mass of Hidd
One of the most beautiful things I read for Omar Taher ...
Unfortunately, an epic novel steeped in cruelty. Unfortunately, my first reading is filled with a work by God Abraham, and certainly the last will not be a very ordinary novel to a page. As for later, the cruel charming show begins with the entry of Dr. Ramzy Boutros, then the creative play comes and then is concluded with fewer pages on the level, but it is better than The first pages and one of the main things I liked about the novel is the colloquial dialogue, which I did not feel vulgar at all.
Wonderful. Excellent staff, excellent cleanliness and comfortable rooms. There is no restaurant specific to the hotel, the meals are in restaurants attached to the hotel and not its own, and it is not always okay
My Facebook friendship and my dedication to my version of the novel will not excuse her criticism. In the first I was shocked by the language of the novel. Like ... good man ... and a cup of tea ... I drink tea. Of course, I am not against the Arabic language, but I took this as well, but I said, O wise, Tansh sincere. I started to enter the novel and its events, but all the time I have a feeling that in a black cloud around a depressing psychological state controlling it and I am reading the novel, but I liked it and I do not want to separate myself from the psychological state, this is what I had in mind. In my view, the pinnacle of success ... a wonderful novel ... grim ... I loved it
Great hotel. Everything was beautiful. nothing
A very luxurious hotel. Excellent, superb hotel. there is nothing
Seriously, there is no beauty, and I do not enjoy it, so much suspense is enough that you want to get rid of it once. By God, it was too much to shine. I used to prevent myself from sleeping so I could complete it. Fart and start a wonderful solo
A hotel I recommend to use. I liked the room arrangement, the cleanliness of the carpets and bedspreads, and its location is very excellent, opposite the ambassador and on the main street. Honestly, I did not like the way the person in the restaurant at breakfast sits accountable to the children. Frankly, I got disturbed by his behavior even though I was a frequent visitor to this hotel and they did not happen to tell me anything previously.
What kind of homeland does this compel you to destroy your youth, in vain? What kind of country is this that forces you to move away from it, despite your God&#39;s sake? What kind of country is this that leads its children towards destruction, flight, or loss so that these are their only options, their only pain? In other words, this liberation that Eritrea obtained from the colonizer and the occupier came back to her and her children. Will the love affection for this country remain in the hearts of young men who executed their dreams on the refinement of injustice and oppression? Hajji succeeded once again in employing the novel in an interesting way to tell us about his beloved Eritrea and the suffering of her youth, who are fighting in the end a fictitious enemy and only triumph over their dreams. I read in Salma Al-Watan / the dream / hope that every young man in search of a country lost its children, then they plundered the dream of them, then the analog came to loot their humanity and make them a commodity in the hand of the enemies. So what happened to the young people fleeing the misery of the camps in Sudan to Israel, which is what is prepared for them as a place of realizing dreams or salvation from oppression, this entity exploits all its capabilities and powers to absorb from our blood while the brothers of Eritrea sleep in a deep hibernation that does not care about what happens to it or its neighbors. Perhaps this has nothing to do with the novel, but it caught me very much. This narration raises more questions about what the homeland is, especially with the occurrence and repetition of the Kidney phrase, which gave a different definition of what we know. To make you think, is it really worthy of the land of your rhetoric and you have eliminated the dream buds you have to love and have not loved such land as it seeks to waste our lives in uselessness? It hurts to hate the homeland or to deny it, but it is more painful for the dream to be lost or to come when we lose our appetite towards it. Deep pain in this book and plot very fun
The best book I have read so far
The best place to stay beside the campus. . The restaurants are not clean as the dishes and spoons are not washed well
In all of us we are somehow holy ...
Very nice. Nice location. My son enjoyed the pool, but I had to guard him, because there was no pool guard. The rooftop is very noisy and we didn&#39;t enjoy the food much. There were no Arabic or at least Indian options. Therefore, the alternatives were sandwiches and burgers, which were not bad.
I don&#39;t think I will go back to him because of the uncomfortable mattress bed she was uncomfortable in a room. I liked it frankly, the response of the cleaners, room services, and the cooperation of the staff was very excellent and I thank them for that. But it is good for the price provided .. The rooms need better furniture and especially the mattress on the bed was not comfortable it seems that it became old as well. And tea in the rooms is negative.
Notes . The cleanliness of the hotel entrance is very good. The cleanliness of the lobby is excellent, as is the corridors. The rooms are comfortable. The entrance to the parking lots has steel attached to the ground in the middle of the road and the tires are perforated. Booking book is not associated with the housing system as I was called to pay extra money and this was ended with difficulty. Food quality is not good
One of the best writings of Omar Taher. I enjoyed every line of it. Lea added a passion for more depth. Read the biography of the Prophet. Jays his information is primitive. But it is important for people who are ignorant of the Prophet&#39;s biography. Like me
A husband devoid of affection and compassion is a small hell on earth
Good for a decent stay. Close to the hospital d. Sulaiman Al Habib.
About a month ago, I read in a book by Yasser Hareb saying that this play is more like a waste of time. . I was surprised at this time, given that this play is the most important thing that Tawfiq Hakim wrote ... I have never found it a loss ... It is an important play for every person that narrates in the dialogues the natures of souls and the hidden dreams and art ... and death ... I liked it very.
A family linda. There are no disco sounds, no vintage smell, all Gulf nationals are rare for foreigners. Room service is slow roast
If there were more than five stars, I would have given it a great book with all its feelings. I recommend it, of course
good. . Wi-Fi is not free
very good. . Reception
Now the miracle of the Qur’an and its statement is clear in summarizing thousands of meanings with a few words. It is nothing to praise Him, but do not understand His praise. Now the verse is working
It has great poems and others that I did not like. Overall I liked it, but it didn&#39;t reach my expectations
After this narration, there is something that attracts you inside you to read it, to examine it, to understand yourself and to hear the sounds of feelings and morals in your being .... This story returns you to ask yourself what is the meaning of humanity and what are its limits here. You find an answer to all your questions. Is blindness where we really are or are we blind because we cannot see. Genius novel
I am never satisfied with reading this book .. beautiful
Wonderful. Close to important centers, clean and affordable. nothing
What a pain the writer had been exposed to, with every word and its detail that she was telling her about the disease and the pain she was experiencing. I also felt pain for her .. May God have mercy on her, so that he may forgive sins and I hope that God will be blessed in his gardens. I also experienced some details that we had forgotten about our revolution that was stolen .. It also saved this pain ...
Saki has good kindness ... I still have a sweet thing, you need to say what you fear. Even if you hold your hands. I did not have a mask. Vicky still needs to say Matsibush. God is very good, I give her village a very careful look at every word.
O God, man, is it possible for man to be forced against his brother? In what way we are all patriotic alone. For a chair? For a position? For a salad. Until my mind is unable to comprehend, I was reading and intoxicating the novel with a glance, refusing to believe that I am telling its letters. In situations that have taken hold in my mind, and I am confident, it is impossible to go from my memory. A novel on may not be painful to may not be true ..
A group of stories revolves around what they call love, which Mustafa Mahmoud dealt with as an expert wise .. Indeed, as mentioned in the introduction, including the funny, the crying, and the exciting.
It was the first novel I read for Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, and it found a very masterful amount of information that benefits you from the best books, and is even a number for me in the books of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, whose village I have saved in a few hours
Absolute creativity from Hassan El-Gendy ... a wonderful novel, even though it was taken from old films, in terms of revenge against the bad guys who kill your loved ones. But this impression dissipated as the pages fluctuated. I liked the cinematic style that brings you back to certain ideas at specific times or flashback:. A wonderful novel that deserves goodness
Beauty . Close to Al-Rashid, two-bedroom apartment capacity, air conditioning, breakfast, rooms, cleanliness, quietness, lovely kids pool, speed with service, and reception was great. There is no adult swimming pool, there is no sauna and Jacuzzi, there are no restaurants in the hotel and enough on a level, very weak and sometimes Wi-Fi does not work,
Suffering.
The most beautiful thing I read for Bahaa Taher ... The novel specifically in my opinion was the source of his creativity and its end ... A very interesting story ... I liked the narration style and the method of multiple narrators so that each character expresses its psychological insights and views ... Alexander&#39;s chapter was a very brilliant idea and added to the novel ..
One of the most enjoyable and useful books. A treasure trove of my library treasures
Excellent. Excellent for families. Hustle
Exceptional. The cleanliness of the hotel and the size of the rooms are spacious and the service of the distinguished staff is special. There is no
Somewhat comfortable. Good people in room capacity, adequate services, laundry, and reasonable rates. There is no plate for the hotel The parking is very difficult and Moi is constantly on the street
As usual, dreams are creative, this book is one of the most beautiful books I have ever read. She stopped me with this passage, she is recommended by the female to help her forget. You should pray by praying alone. We can achieve a union between effort, mind, and spirit, a union that earns the fragile human oud. An unwavering force. Carlbel says that if you pray a prayer in which your heart attends, he will be absent from your mind of anyone and anything other than God, and you will be overlooked by forgetfulness of reassurance, which is the highest level of psychological happiness except with the remembrance of God, Hearts
Excellent. Everything was amazing, location, service, staff, apartment, and food. Actually, I did not notice anything repulsive, hateful or upset, but I was satisfied with Tan
Excellent experience. The place is beautiful, the reception staff and workers treat a very fine, excellent hotel as the word means. nothing
Approach for each straight heart is a day of true difference. With poetry, prose, and ancestor tales, the writer sharpens the reader in exquisite, refined language. Among the most beautiful things I have read:. Oh great vigor exclusivity does not harm you. The Ola methods are few pineapples. A book for every promising soul to leave its shining impact
Excellent hotel. Everything is excellent, especially the employee. I hope the reception is very helpful. nothing
Ahlam was a unique and distinguished experience that my wife and three children enjoyed for me, as the place was perfect in terms of geographical location, where the services around him, and in terms of facilities in the hotel, smooth reception and meeting needs. My apartment was in a two-storey suite, classy, clean, and gentle. The presence of the hotel on the edge of the lake added an aesthetic dimension in the morning and sunset hours. Natural fertilizer, I request to visit the butterfly garden, and the vegetable farm that feeds the hotel with some of its needs for cooking and service.
A light and wonderful but painful book:. It makes you look at Alzheimer&#39;s from a angle you have never seen before. You will feel everything that the Alzheimer&#39;s patient feels when you read this book.
Convalescence. Very very excellent.
have a good trip . Close to the Grand Mosque and its entrance is independent. A large group of beds in the corridor and opposite the elevators
Like . everything.
The place is quiet and comfortable. In-room dining, tea and snacks are free, and the staff are very comfortable.
Excellent for the family. I liked the hotel location and cleanliness. There is no
I may be the only Egyptian who did not watch the series, so it seemed to me a lot of details really interesting, despite knowing it before by reading the story in a comprehensive way. The novel started on the sixth of October of the year, and ended the first part of its time, as I am keen to read a national work on this date, as a recharge. From then on, I did not complete the two parts, until I finished them today, so it seems that I needed to recharge, especially as you read the story of a young man who was corrupted to the extent that his family and his homeland were disavowed, but he reaches the extent that his name becomes eternal and eternal, and he adheres to his country and his family forever .. A sequel, from the officers&#39; coup in July to the October War. I was astonished by some details that reveal the Egyptian intelligence service’s skill and sophistication in managing matters, where they plant Raafat Al-Hajan, or David Charles they allowed in the heart of Israeli society until one of his symbols became, to provide his homeland Egypt with the information that helps them. I really wonder how the device arrived when people like Hussein Salem and Safwat al-Sharif spawned.
A true invitation to laugh and forget concerns about the same style as a movie by the star Bradley Cooper, who presented a year. Director John Turteltop presents his movie this year from a pure American mix and starring four Hollywood movie giants at all, where the events revolve around four of the friends are Billy Michael Douglas and Buddy Robert De Niro And I ask you, Morgan Freeman, and Sam Kevin Klein to meet after their life affairs dispersed them to restore the glories of friendship and youth, and celebrate their friend Billy who decides to marry a girl who is at least thirty years younger than him and they travel to Vegas and there things get complicated and they fall into several problems in which they test Pric friendship. The story may be ordinary and not interesting, but the presentation of a comedy based on the names of the constellation of the greatest American movie stars is something worth praising, as each name of them is considered a special and individual legend. In addition to the method of performance, which was neither pretentious nor artificial, and no supernatural implementation required, but it relied on a simple, smooth story that tries to get you out of all the concerns that may dominate you through a scenario and an interesting dialogue developed by the authors Adam Brooks, and Dan Fogelman also tried to deal with emotional and psychological problems The true nature of this generation suffers, and the heroes in general were able to present their roles in a way that does not differ from their previous works that were distinguished in their performance and success in them, in addition to being able to show the true meaning of friendship as if it was a realistic reality between them. The budget of the film was approximately one million US dollars, which is an acceptable budget for this type of film, which did not need to be executed and photographed for high sums. It has achieved revenues of nearly one million US dollars, and it can be seen at the end of the week, and it is not appropriate for what is under the year that it contains some foreign words.
Wonderful. Boredom is great. Delayed entry
One of the most amazing books I read in this field. I admit that he introduced me to the many signs and news of the hour that I was unaware of. I corrected a lot of what I read, believing that it was correct on the Internet. He convinced me that what is going on today, whether in my country in particular or the nation of Islam in general. It is only the tip of the iceberg that will befall this nation, whose people have turned away from the values and morals of their true religion. And they were thrown into the decaying furnace of the faith-free ethics. I ask God to grant forgiveness and wellness to me, my father, and every Muslim woman. And I seek refuge in Him from the horrors of the Day of Resurrection, or to be a misguided lost. I ask him to conclude well, and that there is no god but God, the last of our words from this world
Beautiful . Breakfast is a bedside pool. The location of the hotel
Exceptional. The reception hall is very beautiful.
Wonderful. The apartment was spacious, large, quiet and clean ...
Wonderful. Its mediation between Dammam and Khobar and its proximity to important places are great staff collaboration and breakfast. Its style on the old system compared to its price and star rating
Exceptional. The service is excellent.
I am not one of those immersed in the stories of the narrators, but his narration on the secret of mystery and mystery, and the positions that bear the coincidence, the novel combined history in politics, and on two different chronological paths. ,. Reality is secreted by history. In revealing events, let’s read history. So it was the secret of the novel
I rate it among the best hotels around the sanctuary. Very close to the Haram .. in the middle of the market .. its employees are the highest in dealing. The price they have and most hotels near the Haram is greatly overrated
very good . The hotel is very good compared to the price, close to the sanctuary, partial view of the Kaaba. Bathroom cleanliness and nothing slipper other than what we asked for
Sophia seemed to me alive, not to die ... a king from heaven who did not accept to die. Moataz was dead from the beginning, the bodies crossed over him and did not feel it .. Life has been to his summit outside a long time ago and no one has felt that .. He was a very ugly ghost looking for details that make him feel alive and not satisfied. Very beautiful Reading about death ... It is unfair to compare this account with his previous one. A nice difference has happened here
A wonderful management of Surat Al-Fatiha is a cornerstone of prayer. This reflection leads you to a different understanding of your relationship to prayer or your relationship to the Qur’an.
This small book has a volume of love in my heart that was not acquired by another book .. I read it three times at intervals that show the smoothness of the narration and the genius of harmony between events .. In short, it is a work that deserves a tear and a smile
I did not explicitly expect that there would be life like that between the novel. I lived with the novel with heart and heart .. My tears almost ended with its end. As for Manal, she sincerely loved her as an older sister who was not born by my mother
good. Location and service. The bedspreads for the right bed is exhausted and its smell is disturbing
Nice and clean. The staff is very classy and the place is beautiful. The bathroom kit was incomplete, voices of workers in the hallways were high
A deep and beautiful story of meditation, in which I liked entering into the depths of the soul and internal dialogue until the plot, Dystowski solved with his wonderful style of dreams, a wonderful story for those who love exploring the souls and entering into them, and the goal of the story is beautiful. I will not speak more than that so as not to spoil the story to whoever wants to read it.
Comfortable hotel. Calmness and comfort, its proximity to the sanctuary, which made it easy for us to perform all prayers in congregation. Beautiful detention after the Eid prayer. The reception is comfortable. Daily housekeeping is not done regularly. There are some thumamas and spare beds are lying in the corridors leading to the rooms, which makes you feel that you are in furnished apartments, not in a star hotel. The TV menu is very poor and lacks any real entertainment channel.
One of the most beautiful things I lived in Jeddah. Comfortable, beautiful and clean hotel.
good. . Design the lobby
good. I greet the reception staff for their good manners and high-level treatment, in particular, Mr. Ahmed El-Desouky.
Fine hotel in the full sense of the word. Praise be to God, everyone liked me in dealing and they are very accurate. I thank partly thanks the ideal and high-end employee in the deal Mr. Shafiq, the Jordanian receptionist, nationality.
We need to lose things to feel how much we love them and how we need them. Miso clouds most able to describe the complex feelings to remain tight to the last page and ask and after. Through Natan&#39;s death journey, you will think about your life and decide to enjoy every passing moment. Because death is inevitable .... Let&#39;s enjoy the rest of us
Haji Ali. Do not forget to close the office door. Close the building door. This is a time when we cannot write, meditate, or sing. Or until we find. Haji Ali. Close all doors. Close, close, close
Exceptional. Order, hotel location and treatment of staff. Simple note Voice in bed
A wonderful and new book in terms of content .. The title of the book enriched me and its content was cleverly controlled. I took it from my teacher:. You will receive the messages the writer wants to send you
Wonderful. The location of the hotel. the breakfast
Exceptional. Good reception and treated reception staff. Provides services like restaurant, laundry, parking and internet. The strategic location of the hotel ..
My stay at the hotel was very enjoyable. I thank the hotel very much from the staff, services and location, everything is excellent, and I did not encounter any of the problems mentioned by some of the brothers, and I recommend staying in it and leaving it at the night bar. There is nothing bad
The most beautiful hotel I have lived the most beautiful five days and my friends in the Empire Hotel The management is excellent and the people working to create the recipes of the Egyptians related to them very much for what they have provided and I advise anyone to experience in this hotel is the value for money for this hotel as one of the advantages of this hotel. Plus the nightlife in this hotel is good compared to some of the hotels that stayed there and were boring at night. I also love the multicultural of nationalities in this hotel as there is no predominant nationality of guests there which gives more comfort in dealing with others.
Sunset Oasis .. It was my entrance to the world of that wonderful .. The great professor Bahaa Taher .. And the sunset oasis I have seen it less than love in exile .. But it carries a character of its own .. It makes it unique even in the works of the great Bahaa Taher .. Malika .. all those feelings that our great literature embody with all flow are sufficient for you, as if they really feel it .. I think that true literature is what plays on feelings ..
Good reception, good reception, welcome and good manners, large and spacious rooms, we felt completely comfortable with me and my wife, as if we were at home, a remarkable addition and interest. The hotel staff were cooperating in a more than wonderful way. Speed in carrying out requests. Which visitors mean as Souq Waqif, Corniche, its location is served close to restaurants, hairdressers and car renters, and it is better for a currency teller, but it is surrounded by workers and a somewhat old neighborhood.
A book in which Mustafa Mahmoud combined scientific and mental evidence. May God increase you faith in his cause, you are already a believer in it
A very beautiful story covering the portrait of Alexandria during World War II. The author confused history with a beautiful story
I could not imagine before I devoted the book of the Shadow Prince to the Al-Qassami engineer Abdullah Al-Barghouthi that the Palestinian Authority was so much filthy and that Arafat did not establish preventive security except to protect the Zionists and their security and how they devote themselves to fighting the resistance and the resistance men. How Dahlan and Gabriel Rajoub compete to be the dogs of the Zionist occupation. How do they arrest millions of occupation in exchange for protecting their security and hitting the resistance? Except God’s curse on Fatah .. Except God’s curse on Abbas ... God’s curse on the treacherous .. Except God’s curse on the oppressors.
I love the style and idea of the two parts. The novel is very beautiful and interesting
A beautiful book reveals the torment of the absolute woman in our Arab world .... her style is gentle and transparent ... but in my opinion it was directed to Christians more because the writer is a Christian ... Islam has strengthened the status of women and maintained them, praise be to God
Average hotel, and it works if you end up sitting at the hotel. The location is excellent, far from crowds, but close to downtown. Please note that the standard rooms are very small ... I recommend taking the room overlooking Skyline Dubai, which means overlooking the Khalifa Tower.
I will gladly repeat the visit and live in the same hotel if the opportunity presents itself. The location of the hotel is very excellent, near the metro, there are many services around the hotel, and the cleanliness of the rooms is excellent. Unavailable Wi-Fi for more than one user and check-out time when leaving
I recommend it. There is a first aid kit, there is a beautiful, comfortable and organized Danathath wax. There is no microwave, unambiguous and not clean
Wonderful. . The carpet is old and dirty and there is no bathroom
Wonderful. Treat reception, location, value for services, family friendly. The lack of buses for transportation to the campus as it was previously, and a small golf car transporting inmates to an area that is still far from the campus
The book discusses a love relationship between a noble young man and a prostitute among the most famous prostitutes in Paris, the reasons for choosing this path, sacrifices and obstacles, and the issue of reputation and society .. But before you escape from his readers thinking that he encourages vice or sympathy for the girls of passion, please read the reason why Alexander always discussed this issue: . We pity the blind who has never seen the light of day, and we pity the deaf who has not heard the tones of nature, and we pity the dumb who did not express his feelings and feelings, but we are prevented by virtue of unfair and unfair traditions from pitying on my uncle the heart and designing the soul and the rigidity of the conscience, those disabilities that go In the gates of these unfortunate creatures, they blind their insights from human virtues, their ears are deaf to hearing the word of God, and their Sunnah is complicated by pronouncing pure, pure language, language of faith and true love. I am completely convinced that the woman who does not open the same education is pushing the most capable of two paths through the path of love and the path of pain. Help, we must not give up on the human type, so why do we deny these bloody souls that can be purified from the pus of the past and their wounds only need one touch of a generous hand to heal and heal? To stop despising women, then let us not only stop our respect for our families, and leave the path of life with the effects of our kindness to those who have lost their way
This is not an evaluation of the book because the book does not evaluate. It simply does not help assess a person&#39;s feelings and feelings about the enemy, alienation, death, and ugliness. It does not evaluate the history of the homeland. No diaspora. . His description of the day he entered Ramallah and the night he traveled from it. . A recipe for every little detail. . Jerusalem, Palestine. . What did the defamation of invaders hit the body?
When I first read this work, I almost did not understand anything, but when I read it in an advanced year, I felt familiarity with Zorba&#39;s personality. But he is more courageous than most people. He knew what he wanted and did without being tired of anyone
Beautiful hotel. . The floor has not been furnished, in the style of five-star hotels
good . The location is excellent. nothing
It must be read. And whoever does not read it will lose a lot. Just that
Sweet site, but crowded with pilgrims. The site was amazing underneath it, a commercial complex that opens on the campus. I took a look at the Kaaba. The crowd of Umrah pilgrims, especially some Arab communities, are fighting for breakfast and its room. Furniture is medium, there is no swimming pool,
A very distinguished book, really really readable. It deals very distinctively with the idea of migration and its consequences. And what does the person need to take his mind from if he made the travel decision? I was very impressed by the way the writer got tired of telling the idea .. and arranging the words. The final idea was to set his eye all the way despite the movement back and forth and wrap around it before swooping. The preface to the idea was awesome from start to finish. Really enjoyed reading it and yearned for the series
It is the first novel I read for the creative writer Sahar Khalifa, it is not deceived by the title, because the novel talks about the Palestinian issue and the betrayals that it was exposed to, starting from the era of the mandate through the Nakba and the setback and even Oslo through a story narrated by the narrator. A new generation has come that carries the concern of the issue ... This wonderful novel, which attracts you in the language of the obedient family with its simple expressions and wonderful pictures, so that the writer feels that the language is voluntary and owns its secrets, so she was able to ignite these feelings in the soul, making us live the event with the narrator, as if we were part of the novel and with this This novel deserved the five stars deservedly
Terrible best Indian restaurants, healthy and excellent food, but the service is poor and the atmosphere is bad
good. The reception staff are great, the rooms are excellent and the beds are comfortable, but they do not smell good. Breakfast buffet is not varied, cleanliness is not required, and the TV does not contain multiple channels only, Mecca and Medina
. The location and the presence of the back and bottom parking of the guest are great. Wait two more hours for the reception of the room, at noon, for the purpose of cleaning
Today was not a beautiful day, so many bad events so frequent that I doubted that my good fortune had migrated to a far place and disappeared. Well, okay, in the middle of this bad luck I decided to ignore everything that happened and lay on my bed and start reading this little book that looks nice. After bedtime stories A collection of short stories that have been written with a sophisticated feeling, the stories are true enough to really believe them even though they really seem to be fictional, the stories are full yes yes full you will not feel that you are reading empty stories all the stories will touch your heart in some way, well I can not explain this point clearly for that I leave you with the experience of reading it .. I am very grateful for the wisdom that I have found, for the human meanings that have touched my emotion, grateful for the smile of my heart when he is sad, grateful for reading and for good books that have good companions, know the letter&#39;s integrity and if they write it, master it and believe it:
question? Analyze? interaction? With history with events. That was the address. There are events that happened ... yes ... and they are great events that exhausted the great companions, so should we take them without effort and effort and without research and scrutiny? Taha says in his book. What should we go the doctrine of those who lie most of the news that conveyed to us what was their discord and difference. We, if we did, did not stipulate that we lie all Islamic history since the Prophet’s resurrection, because those who narrated the news of this sedition are the same ones who narrated the news of the conquest, the news of the deceased, and the biography of the Prophet and the caliphs, what should we believe them when they tell what we like, and that we lie to them when they tell what we don&#39;t like . We should not believe some history and lie to others, not because of anything except that some of us please us and some of us harm us. What should also be true is all that is narrated or a lie all that is narrated, but the narrators themselves are people from the people, they are allowed to right and wrong, and they may be honest and lying.
Exceptional. The crew is very understanding about the departure time, which means the opposite of hotels that annoy you Lynn.
I saw Ramallah: A biography of the Palestinian poet Murid Al-Barghouthi, and his first prose experience is followed by the second part. I was born here and was born there. The poet Marid describes in his biography the memories of his return to his hometown Ramallah after thirty years of absence, which is his return, in which he conjures up the details stuck in his memory of his childhood in Palestine..and about his youth in exile ... Oman Hungary ... and his constant feeling that he lives in time, not in place, and that time is what embodies the form of his life ... In his biography, the writer addresses the Palestinian issue and the issue of refugees in exile: his case and the issue of thousands who were separated from the homeland. Murid Al Barghouthi enters Deir Ghassana, the village where he grew up in childhood, to embrace his eyes after thirty years, and the faces of the past return to him with hugs and congratulations .. They are the same faces and the same white brick houses .. The same grassy lands and the same agricultural lands with their olive trees and their trees .. They are the same roads and the same markets .... And this is precisely what awakened deep grief and disappointment inside him, as what he feels at such a moment seeing all that he left behind years ago preserves its ancient form that the Israeli invasion robbed the city of its ability to move forward like all cities in the world and he writes On page: I did not come here to restore Phi The Sabbat and the camel of the diocese .. I missed the past in Deir Ghassana, just as a child yearns for his dear lost, but when I saw that her past is still there, squatting in her yard is asleep in the sun as a dog that his companions forgot or in the form of a puppet of a dog I wanted to hold on to its texture and toss it forward To his next days ... to a better future and tell him: I run. During his stay in Ramallah, the poet also recalls the faces that left without return, where death lurks them ... where the enemy assassinates them in the name of the land? In the name of religion? Or rather in the name of chauvinist fanaticism that does not recognize the humanity of the other. From his brother Mounif, who died in France, to the assassination of his close friend, Naji Al-Ali, in London, to the assassination of his friend, also journalist and writer, fighter Ghassan Al-Kanafani, in Beirut. These victims and the never-ending list of dead people since the enemy stepped on our land. This black ink that floods from a discreet pen and dozens of writers is not a literary metaphor that draws the reader&#39;s conscience: it is the reality that whips by the shroud of the bloody homeland.
The frankness of the book influenced me very much and prompted me to read more about Chechnya and the resistance. Omar, I was feeling that I had switched with him from the beginning, because he did not leave the issue with him to the strength and the faith that he reached for them.
This book is indispensable to every father, every mother, or every Muslim family
A mystical novel .. very wonderful
The Great Biography speaks for its owner, historically and intellectually, clearly .. This book, with its conclusions, comparisons and diversity, is an important historical material, psychological, intellectual and humanistic that I loved and devoured with great voracity ... Muhammad Asad and may Allah reward him for us.
A more than wonderful book is correspondence of the kat from reading and his comments on their stories .. The book adds a lot to the reader from the experiences of life. I read it
One Thousand and One Nights . Everything is great and above description. Treatment, location and style make you feel like you are king in your palace. There is no bidet in the rooms
Comfortable comfortable. Location is close to Emirates Mall. The price is a bit high
Excellent . The hotel is sophisticated in terms of arrangement, furniture and vehicle parking, as well as the elevators provided at the hotel reduces waiting and handling and service provided by the hotel above the excellent. The hotel is comfortable and the calm rate reaches .. I have no note
Beautiful, cheap and quiet location. The location of the hotel is quiet and the size of the rooms is beautiful. The air conditioning is hot, grill and the mattress is old
When you are obsessed with whispers of loneliness ,,, and you feel that you started to be sad ,,, remember that Aid Al-Qarni, may God reward us with good for him, he said, and books do not be sad
very good. The hotel is sweet in relation to its location, its proximity to the metro, and the presence under the hotel is facilities that serve you, such as super brands and restaurants. The exit time is the highest, at least the hour must be flexible
I was so attracted by Ibn Al-Jouzi himself that I used to read the chapter two to three times
It is Dr. Ayman Al-Atoom. Words of a wonderful and amazing description, like the pride of Arabic literature and an example in science and writing, are not enough for me. The word of God ... I waited impatiently for her and here I am completing the last word in it. Religions and if they differ, the unification of the whole remains between them. As is known, each religion is based on questions without an answer to it, it is like an empty tomb for its owner, either to bury himself by himself inside him by his darkness or cover his questions with answers enlightening them to the right path .. I liked to address the issue of unification in the novel, it is and that It was what I said among the Arab community, but recently it has become a trend and a source of pride for some. The beginning of the novel and the first fifty pages were boring a lot, which would not have attracted me. Most of the talk about Mary, the holy orphan, and her story with her husband, Waheeb Al-Tajer, who left everything to win her heart and loved his spoiled little girl to the point of killing. Wael Al-Laqit, his heart is full of poison and hatred. Salwa deposit. Since Saleh entered the course of events, the interest of the educated Muslim boy who changed faith greatly changed that the Lord is one, the Lord of Adam, Ibrahim, the Lord of Moses, and Ismail, the Lord of Muhammad and all human beings ... the Lord of Jesus, Saleh, who led the virgin questioner searching for facts to comfort her mind and heart in a journey searching for answers was Her head swells. Batoul Who would have been a saint one day Batoul whose heart and love led her to the faith that there is no god but God and I Jesus is nothing but human beings like us and a prophet carried a message her letter after him who desires desires .. As for the personality of Murad the atheist stubborn defender of the ideas of atheists what was Except for the latter to lead it towards the inevitable end towards destruction .. In the end a beautiful religious account filled with many ideas and diversified information about the Christian religion and all the mistake that accompanied it. As for a language like usual, elaborate language and polite descriptive sentences, and all this creativity was written in less than twenty days
business trip . The location of the hotel is excellent and the reception team is also very clean. Bed sheets worn out some lifts in lifts
Wonderful. I thank the hotel staff, they were very friendly, and the service was excellent. The price is overrated for the service
Whoever breathes the mountains will not taste life .... Goodness deviates from the path as soon as it turns into a method .. Goodness is the best virgin left in the wilderness on his whims, if he touches the hand of the children of Adam and adopted him the way he turned. Like water and air. If you hold water, it stagnates, and if you imprison the air, it is corrupted. The secrets of the desert, that majestic scientist .. is what the great writer Ibrahim Al-Kony reveals. It brings us to a world full of talismans, beliefs and ideas, a world other than what we know and not as it appears. His language is wonderful, fluent, and upscale vocabulary, I really enjoyed reading it and getting started in the second part. This is my first successful attempt to read to him after my failure to comprehend the narration of the world in three days. My friend advised me of this novel and it was wonderful as she said. Thank you very much my dear Najla
The most beautiful book readers in my life
good. Close to the campus. The exchange, reception, and reservations for Bukking in the hotel are not answered to inquire about any topic and the bad response is by the hotel operator, and she does not know of any inquiry that concerns me: the absence of free WiFi such as the previous days, the absence of adequate parking for private visitors to Gulf countries, failure to meet requests Clean rooms or anything we want from workers, unlike their previous service months ago. The service and staff were excellent and much more.
I would recommend it to all readers
Do not cry, Oin. This is death for heroes of birth for the determination of men. And the dawn of a dark night. Oh the wedding sun. O blood stems from the wounds of the wounds. O ransom of generosity and hands of grace. Congratulations, our martyr. Congratulations, my uncle. And patience, Chalabi .... This is how the play ended. The perpetual struggle between truth and falsehood between the oppressor and the oppressor ... Which is more painful ... Death is a system of humiliation and disgrace? Goma was killed, but a thousand Goma will be released. Even if the killing of a thousand Goma, the day will come when the right to victory for Goma ..... Some quotes:. Death will give us enough sleep and more. Is equestrian only poetry .. If the knight lost the poet’s heart, there was nothing left of him except the butcher, thug and the killer .. We are not murderers, O Abdul Jalil, we are lovers who loved our country to the point of death. It is injustice that I revolt against, not the ruler. I do not think that people disagree, but the temptation of the authority .. all the difference is that some of them can be bought with one gold bag and some of them need to buy a thousand bags, and some are bought in the treasury of the entire Sultan because he wants the Sultan himself .. we are all prayers, but the threshold at which our ambitions stand is different. .. There is always hope for those who fight .. As for those who surrender, there is no hope for him. I lived a long cowardly life, I fear death because it is painful .. But painful death .. Death does not hurt my brothers, but shame is what hurts.
I will repeat my visit to you. Meet the request immediately. Lack of a child&#39;s chair in the restaurant, the back entrance is an ordinary door
A wonderful experience that I want to repeat. Everything was great and the crew was helpful and responsive. You feel welcome and hospitable in every corner of the apartment through the phrases distributed everywhere and the welcome coffee. Concerned with the smallest details, everything is available before you request it .. Thank you very much. The inconvenience of the residents, especially at bedtime and not enough to provide a service at all times, and the items it provides are very limited.
Prince of Shadow. A short sentence and I spend it is the book that you read once in a lifetime, after which you assert that your life will not return to its former era
Islam was directed at this very time, because great men in it, like the sixty men, were statesmen. Precious metal, finished, or very little. The reading of the Great Book concluded the size and content of today’s President Sisi, in which he has a president. Manifestations of luxury, opulence and prestige in Sisi Kassad’s party, each one of them keen on asceticism, simplicity and austerity. A very sweet book, even though I spent two weeks in it, I could read in them, for example, but he deserves:
very good. The location is close to the Corniche, this is a great hotel.
My stay in the Safwah Towers Hotel, Dar Al-Ghufran. The proximity of the hotel to the Great Mosque of Mecca. Reception and slow response when requesting anything, as the parking is very expensive and there is no one to guide you to the correct parking as the building includes more than one hotel.
The novel is very fascinating from a literary perspective. The writer’s style is very interesting and breath-taking, to the point that I used to devote the pages of the accusation to know the following events, but its only disadvantage is that the writer oversaw some of the porn details that I see as unnecessary in the novel:
Human transformation is manifested in one day in this unjust village. And this academic writer who wrote in literature and language. So create
Those who did not see and contemplate the thought of Dr. Ali Al-Wardi have missed many, many
creativity . The services and transportation from the hotel to the campus, and the room service and reception are excellent.
Wonderful interesting book, the writer did not travel alone .. Every reader of this novel is certain that he flew with the author as I flew to New Zealand .. Details I mentioned in a wonderful way, ideas presented in a beautiful way..Thank you very much and we are waiting for everything that is wonderful from you Mr. Muhammad
Nice experience. The location is very excellent, close to the markets and the metro station. The staff is confused and serviced, as I was checked in at the morning, although most hotels cannot enter you before noon. nothing
Excellent but ... The cleanliness, comfort and location are excellent. High price for the room and not adding breakfast with room rent, as well as high and high price for breakfast and eating in general, there is no bidet in the bathroom
Fun short nice to read once
Excellent for families. Quiet cleanliness. She asked for an extra blanket and a bed and waited a long time for her to swim and to get drunk
very good. Reception and cleanliness. Parking and Wi-Fi are not available in the rooms
The book may have its content found in such a book, and we can talk every day, but what makes it different between it and the rest of its needs is the style of the writer is easy and simple and not boring and need is also very important. He cited stories and many events that the person reads after this Because it opens the fields of search for them in addition to his martyrdom with stories from the days of the Prophet, peace be upon him If someone had a sense of negativity in his life, despair and depression, I advise him in this book for all the reasons above this small size that it is possible to be saved in his seat:
Nagy Atallah Ensemble ... the series as it should be. Before I start this article, I would like to make it clear that I am a big fan of Adel Imam&#39;s last work, especially with Youssef Maati, even if some accuse her of extreme technical weakness. Naji Atallah is the number one in Adel Imam&#39;s march with Yusef Maati, which he started with him in the valley Mahrous of the minister’s belongings and ended with Bobos, who failed largely on the monetary and public levels. First, we must admit that Maati is at his best with Imam, given that Adel Imam&#39;s films have huge budgets, and my relationship with any other actor has not achieved this public success, even if I began to see that Heneidi started this with Maati. Therefore, it is clear that a kind of chemistry between Maati and Imam, you do not know which parts were written by Maati and which parts were improvised in front of this, and this is a note of everyone saying that Adel Imam has not become a new character, it is the same character, the beloved woman genius minister, but I see that this stems from my self admiring this character. The series talks about two topics, the first is the theft of the Israeli bank, in a sign that some believe is naive to the Arab-Israeli conflict, and the second topic is the conditions of Arabs and the Arabism that Nagy and his group see through such a sister Arab country. See with me the series of Dreams of the Flying Boy, who was telling about a thief stealing an amount of money and being forced To escape and visit such a city and such a village, here he helps its people, and here he knows the injustice and eliminates the oppressor and the just series in front of the second. Tears in the eyes of a rude person who talks about the Egyptian spy in Israel, Friday, do you see any similarity ?? So, Imam Imam plays with his same trump cards with youthful faces who have represented with him before that, including his son, and he assigns the task of directing his other son. The story: My gesture, as we have already said, depends on very fresh ideas, but sometimes some old tricks and cinematic cliches are used to complete his movie or series, but I see that this is not important and the biggest example of this is Christopher Nolan. We are here before the fact that we, like the Arab countries, have good relations. With some, even if they are financial relations, Al-Ghazzawi with the Syrian with the Iraqi, but our main problem in the political systems that take advantage of the problems they create is to stoke the feelings of anger that exist between us, as happened in the battle with Egypt and Algeria. The second need in the series is the intelligence of the Israeli enemy very, the last one is Here are my statements in a nice sentence, which is the origin of countries that strike in countries, so they can come to you and cooperate with countries in order to strike happy states and countries and in the other countries and countries of one need and it expresses the defection that we heard about earlier in all Arab countries because of religion and race, but it happened unfortunately in Egypt because Political trends. Directing: It is clear that Rami Imam here is quieter in dealing, because the work has a huge budget that exceeded the one million eligible to be photographed in places almost like the real places a lot, but I can see that Sharif knew him did this before everyone in the birth of uncle and the movements of the camera affected by Rami&#39;s cinematic work and there are some shots that I see her for the first time in an Egyptian series. However, the directing is good and much better than the series Ayza Ijuz, whose Rami style has appeared in a few very few episodes. The selection of the actors was very good from all Arab countries and came to the importance of the series. Acting: Adel Imam As we said with his own personality, there is no new Muhammad Imam: He was given a greater opportunity than his colleagues, but it was on the level of the event Nidal Al-Shafi’i: Please, it is enough exaggeration and I hope that he put the legend of Muhammad Saad before his eyes. Ahmed El-Tohamy, El-Saadany, Mahmoud El-Bazawy and Amr Ramzy: Very good for the size of their roles. As for the Arab actors Fadi Ibrahim: the same exaggeration is Nidal Al-Shafi’i&#39;s performance. Jihad Saad: A genius actor was able to pull the rug out of Fadi Ibrahim, along with Abdel-Qader Al-Mulla, in their performance of the Israeli characters. Iskandar Aziz and Asmahan Tawfiq: excelled in the performance of the people of Gaza. Bahjat al-Jabouri: A good actor in the role of the Iraqi professor. Atef Hoshan Al-Suri: Very comical and I hope to see him again in an Egyptian movie, especially in his tradition of Ismail Yassin. Sanaa Youssef: Sweet in form and performance, and I see that the Arab actors were much better than the Egyptians, whether in the performance of the second roles or the Israeli roles, and this reflects a good choice from the director and producer, and Fadi Ibrahim did not fall from them in my view. Footage: Youssef Maati turned this series from film to series and then to the novel, and I see that this came after the disagreement that we heard about with Adel Imam, and I hope that the talk is just rumors. Music of Omar Khairat is a genius ... but salvation. The series is flawed after lengthening, but it is in the service of drama, unlike other series that prolong topics from the street
Excellent . The bathroom is very clean and luxurious. Laundry prices are expensive once
Zamzam Makkah. The staff treated the classy. The cleanliness is excellent. My request is two adjacent rooms and I didn&#39;t get that. Breakfast is not good
Excellent. . The difficulty of reaching the hotel and the absence of a guide indicating the entrance to the hotel from the main road, due to the construction
The prince of Taj here is so smart that I applauded him with respect when I finished reading it, and satirized and cynically flawed, the novel really deserves reading.
Wonderful. The hotel is clean. The bed is not comfortable
The book’s sweetness explains some of the things in Plato’s Republic. It is clear and easy to understand. Its only flaw is repetition.
The most beautiful thing that Ahmed Murad wrote
Coastal. Great location, cleanliness, and spacious room. They offer free drinking water at any time. There is a free kids club. Disturbed by the disco and the daily parties on the beach and the ugliest of that racism against the Arabs as foreigners are above the Arabs in services.
A light blood book:
I did not regret my choice of the hotel. everything. The internet was very very slow, very no positions
One of the best books of Omar Taher is the book, which contains countless memories for the writer, and for me personally
The Justice and Development Party is not only a local party, but it is also a candidate to be a global model. We have succeeded in taking our place in the Turkish arenas and now we will prove to the world that. Islam and democracy meet and do not wrestle, contrary to what some claim. Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Erdogan addressed Peres: You are not a right holder and your argument is weak so you chose to raise your voice diplomatically. But the truth remains that Hamas fired primitive rockets, most of which fall in open areas, and you bombed homes and demolished them over the heads of their families, children and women, and it was possible to reach a calm of peace, and you chose the path of war. You, Mr. President, are child killers. Other statements were issued from within the Turkish government linked to the Turkish protest against the Israeli violations in the Gaza Strip and Jerusalem, and Erdogan announced that his country excluded Israel from the maneuvers in response to the conscience of the Turkish public opinion that refuses to fly planes that killed children and isolation in Gaza over its territory .. We must listen to the wishes of our people. Oh God, grant us Arab Ardjan, alert people, raise confusion, think firmly, and act with determination .. We ask God that he be Mohamed Morsi.
I will definitely return to visit him. Location, hygiene, equipment, price. Small reception
Comfortable hotel. Wing width. Hygiene lack of gas stove in the kitchen
This book should be read by anyone on earth. If I have authority in this country, I will decide it on all secondary schools or university levels. May God reward the great writer Abdel Hamid Gouda Al-Sahhar for this book. What should be read by Muslims in order to increase those who believed in faith as one of the pillars of faith is to believe in the Apostles, so how can the resolve of the Apostles and their knowledge in detail such as our Master Jesus and our Master Moses and the Children of Israel whose mention and stories of the Qur’an come to represent the greater part of the stories of the former. What the Christians must read to know that he is but a servant who blessed us and made him an example for the children of Israel. I remembered one of my friends who was telling me that in the monastery of St. Catherine they tell the story of our master Jesus in the Islamic version of events for those who visit the monastery of Muslims and the Christian narration of the Christians .. and that the Jews should read to witness to Themselves say that the Almighty, who is angry with them, has a right balance of justice in what they did with the prophets of God, from killing, corruption and corruption to God’s laws on the earth, and they were a beacon and similar to corruption after them, and that the transmission of prophethood and succession to the Ummah of Muhammad, may God bless him and grant him peace, was a reward and destiny. Indeed, Abdul Hamid created the quality of the magic of what he wrote as a recipient of gold, the Bible and the Torah
. The sweetest Mostaghanemy surpassed herself with this novel
May Allah reward you
I finished reading the first volume. As far as I was concerned, Sayyid Qutb’s interpretation of the Holy Qur’an was more enjoyable than the interpretation of Ibn Katheer and other interpretations. May God have mercy on him, Sayyid Qutb
What do I write about this novel? Which accompanied me for the longest time I spend with a book .. I could not read all this pain and history. In one go ... a historical socio-political biography of three women illustrating the story of an entire country. With Yong Chang, I saw China with a completely different eye ... I saw the cruelty of dictatorship and its ugliness in the methods of Mao Zedong and his followers ... It was a good role model for many tyrants after him I do not deny my admiration With him at the beginning of the Communist Revolution, the writer mimicked the biography by making it a series that understands, realizes and lives with him events .... I have not read about China or Mao or the Communist movement previously .. But with this account I opened all these dimensions in front of me. From a different perspective ... for more desire to see // deserves five stars ... because it is the first narration in which this historical, political and social integration corresponds to me from the reality of pension and biography, to a narration in a narrative style more than wonderful. And again, thank you, Friday Salon ... without you, you wouldn&#39;t have known this book. :
I read Maria the first time in an hour, and I read it more than once, and every time I was affected by more
I do not want to marvel. I imagined that I would read a recurring story in which the idea was excited only by the blood of the jinn and the ghosts, but since its inception everything changed. I read it in two days. I finish it in several hours affected by it. I remember its details, and my mind is still expanding. I did not want it at the end of each person’s personality. The psychological depth that the writer reached with simple words for every hero of her heroes is something of an impressive right. I thank the talented writer while I am awaiting his next novel, and I will not concede the same pleasure that I received from my reading of the fifth corpse.
It is another strange book Oi
One of the most amazing books that suit all groups of society in all its different spectrums ... The book&#39;s introduction appealed to me a lot ... What most affected me was the biography of the martyr Omar Al-Mukhtar and I gained admiration for both Al-Rafii and Sheikh Al-Rajhi ... Who I sympathize with is really Malcolm X and Opera ... I was so shocked by the end of the founder of the Kodak company, and I really realized that life without faith is something that will end up like this ..
Come, I love you before leaving. Little came back in life. We brought life with an innocent dream. We worship a miserable time in us
Personally, the novel is divided into three parts. The first was Aseel&#39;s suffering in order to lose consciousness. The second period of Aseel&#39;s presence in Zikkula. The third war. In Nessbali, the most annoying part of the novel was the part of the war. After I preferred Emarita over Zikula, I came back and changed my mind and preferred Zikula Land. There was a need in the novel that spoke about me because of him, he was Khaled Khaled and Asil and all that was with them, but at his point, whoever knows how to soldiers is a friend of the stranger, even though the boy who gave his descriptions to the soldiers is Iyad and general descriptions were available to anyone. The point of how the soldiers discovered and suspected them of Yamen, which killed him, was somewhat opaque. I liked the style and the idea in the land of Zikula and Amarita, and I became very involved in the events, to the point that if there were words in the Egyptian dialect, the dialect would have been strange in Nisabali, as if it was the first time I heard the dialect, and this is a little something that happens to Nisabali. The first time I read this type of novels ... good luck to the writer
God enlightens the writer
Best value, best service, really great hotel and aptly named if you&#39;re coming to Istanbul and looking for a hotel, don&#39;t think too much. Magnificent Hotel is aptly named, it is really great and offers the best value. The hotel is located near the old city and Sultanahmet district, the Blue Mosque and Hagia Sophia are a few minutes walk away, and the Grand Bazaar is just a few minutes walk away. The place is very quiet and the staff are great and friendly. The rooms are clean, warm, comfortable and large. The price includes breakfast. They also serve breakfast on the balcony. This balcony overlooks the Bosphorus, Marmara Sea and Blue Mosque. You can feel the atmosphere of Istanbul.
Keep going and forward. Everything is beautiful. I liked everything
When you realize that Gibran transformed you from a writer you love ... to a philosopher to follow him ... to how ... addiction ... a feeling that this man is like a salty sea you descend from him to become more thirsty ... and when you stop you miss him ... to realize that you did not get from him To be careful, but because your proximity to it in itself satisfies something with your income ... or heals a wound ... or feels that no matter how strange you are in this world, there are those who lived like you strange ..... After reading Gibran with the translation of Anthony Bashir, I promised myself that I would not go back to translating the wealth of Okasha. But I fell into the hands of the Prophet’s garden by translating the wealth of Okasha and found myself to explore ... It bears the name of the Prophet the most famous work of Gibran even though he is not my favorite who deposited his summary of his philosophy of the relationship between humans and some of them .. so what will be in the garden of the Prophet .... In writing his introduction to the book, it may lead you to boredom by reading it or reading the book itself sometimes, if you are a supporter of reading from the skin to the skin like me, a page in which he tells you Akasha about the history of gardens in literature ... Its introduction is very rich ... I do not advise regardless of the party about it. . As always, Al-Shorouk always returns, with forced works, to put the Arabic text in exchange for the original English. To leave you free to read and allow you to investigate the emotional accuracy .... And for the honesty, I did not need much to return to the English text. This time, Akasha managed to preserve the transcript of the text and transfer it with the ambiguity of it sometimes ... and other excitements sometimes. . Do not expect here to tell you what the book tells. All I say is that Gibran is here to reflect on his reflections .. It seems that his choice is not exhausted, given the idea of contemplative, so he continued with our wonderful new works that included a continuation of Gibran&#39;s vision and life philosophy. . Do not read quickly.
Nice . The breakfast is excellent and the bed is comfortable. The view of the room was poor and there were no windows to light and the view was enough
Frankly, it is an interesting and interesting narration of a good novel in the total, but I have some comments about it first. You are my pocket Sirt Omar Suleiman Oshfik in the novel on the page almost. Mishk all people read the novel with his belongings, so his name is Jai Hasher for him, who has nothing to do. Good luck
Luxurious stay in one of the most beautiful hotels in Mecca. One of the most beautiful hotels in Mecca, I highly recommend it because of the cleanliness of the hotels and the cheerful staff. Moving by bus Some things are tiring, especially for women, children, the elderly and the seat
Characters with a history / Jalal Amin. A good critic of characters with a history / criticizes from his view an literary and scientific analysis of characters with a history in Egypt ,,. I was convinced of his analysis and criticism, even though I had never read anything to him before. I loved those who praised him, and I hated him being disciplined. In addition to critique and very clear resemblance to the West, and the issue of originality and contemporary represent me very visionary in this matter. After the pages of the book, the author told me that he was talking to me or that I was talking to an educated person as if he was reading my questions and answering me.
Exceptional. Calm and cleanliness. Simple things
Very beautiful novel, very close to reality, seriously, the last chapter, more than wonderful, I liked it very much in its attempt to express each character. One of the most needs I liked is the method of persistence on principle. More than one sentence in the novel is itself a principle in itself. Very seriously
very good. I have been living in the Riyadh Marriott Hotel for a year, and it is residential in Riyadh. The furniture has been changed, and the furniture has been made very comfortable and excellent.
One of the most enjoyable places that a visitor to Fujairah can visit, whether he is an individual or with the family. A more than wonderful and excellent experience and it was very rich and I still frequent the hotel every day of the week and before that I was dealing with other hotels that need not be mentioned, and I especially pay tribute to the employees for their professionalism and warmth in dealing with hotel guests, especially the manager of the team, Nasser Nasser and his team, they are the best evidence I have to dedicate to work, they all have a high spirit in dealing with hotel guests. There is no
Good hotel and parking. everything. There is no
I was very confused in the evaluation, in terms of language. Without a doubt, dreams of the lady of language .. And in terms of the story in general, it is confusing .. boring .. strange .. curious, I felt a lot of contradiction between its pages so that I do not know what I think of it as a whole, and as a story Love, a pathetic life. I hate trips to find love in this cheap way, and put it in a book of something pathetic as well .. But the novel in general has all its political details, different feelings and a plot that crosses the four stars with hesitation.
Wonderful. I liked everything, the hotel has its place, its price is sweet and quiet, even though it is three stars, but it is clean and comfortable, and it is suitable for families and singles, and the reception staff are very good and they treat them sophisticated and help you at any time. I did not like the syphilis or the toilet. May God dear to you..tight and very close to the tap, but this is the only thing that gives them wellness
The hotel is clean and good price. Suite capacity .. cleanliness .. parking .. market close. The bathroom is narrow .. the shower is bad .. the ceramic is not suitable .. if it was furnished it would have been better
Excellent. Comfortable place, close to campus, excellent services, and free WiFi. The bathroom is a little tight
Raya`s book discusses many things in matters of love and marriage sarcastically. I really like the simplicity of the writer’s language, far from the complexities of the only negative language. It is the pessimistic view of the writer.
A beautiful novel is very much .. The style of dreams and its expressions is not a solution. It may be like a novel plot that is not new, but the expressions of dreams have transformed it into a beautiful, sophisticated angelic situation ... I faced the difficulty that I quote the novel actually because the novel is all expressions that deserve to be cited ... a last need is considered a novel Black is appropriate for you is the practical application of the guidelines written by the theory forgetting.com
Dear Omar Taher. You are one of the closest books to my heart .. With your love you talk about me and my tongue. You last and your books last and simplify us
I will not forget the amount of feelings that exist between its pages, and I will not forget the deep friendship between Amir and Hassan, and I will not forget a sentence of good for a companion trained by Amir for you a thousand times and once in a very brief way this novel I wrote to read it more than once and once
Impressive ... amazing ... amazing. I almost melt shy and feel that nothing inside me is getting bigger. Which man are you, Abdullah Al-Barghouthi? Which legend are you? What glory, honor, dignity and pride are you? I feel the words suffocating and chasing after trying to express fascination, amazement, sorrow, and confused feelings after I read the messages ... Glory to the Qassam .. Izz al-Din al-Qassam Brigades. And the traitorous scoundrel Mahmoud Abbas and his daughters, all that deserved of the miscreants, were not satisfied with the stigma of cooperating with the enemy, but they also became a thorn in the throat of the resistance ... hatred and disgust towards the miscreants customers, any excuse, any money, and anything that justifies selling the country? I feel that the words are less than the fulfillment of Abdullah Al-Barghouti his right and how much I dream about another process in which Abdullah Barghouti is exchanged for a dog of the Zionist dogs kidnapped by the Mujahideen .. How much do I dream of the kidnapping of a minister or a man who has an important role in the Zionist entity so that the dream can be fulfilled that the engineer can see the way ... Fascinating. Once again, I cannot fulfill his right ..
Establishing prayer in the manner that it should be is the only way to change the world
The finest in Dubai, the hotel as a location and the luxury of the rooms. Classic and classic rooms, great views, with a foul smell, so an amazing diffusion, but it is not suitable for conservative families. A Quarium is my imagination of its very crowded faults. Do not know that you are in the hotel or the swimming pool airport.
I did not know that Jaffa&#39;s novel is preparing morning coffee so that I will be so captivated that I cannot leave it, except until I finish reading it at once .. This novel takes you for another time and place, as it carries you to live Jaffa Arous with all its details .. beginning with the Palestinian colloquial terms, and more colloquial terms I was drawn to you, whoever knows how to give birth to you in my life. I remember this word my beloved grandmother .. As her writer Anwar Hamid described the markets in Jaffa, the pilgrimage and feasts seasons, both Muslim and Christian. Seasons of Hajj, weddings and weddings were sung to Bahr also .. The writer also introduced me to a group of villages, whether Piava or its surroundings .. As he spoke about Palestine a year ago, with its social divisions, from fiefs and peasants, rich and poor, masters and servants .. I liked Bahia&#39;s self-confident personality, the girl whose ambition does not stop Any obstacle, other than caring about the pressures around it, because she managed, despite everything, to reach the secondary stage, with the glamor of the dreaming girl, who has woven a relationship of love between her and the sea over the years, and was able to transfer her to her private room in Amman after the displacement .. In short, the writer was able to captivate At the heart of this story, I felt that I lived in Jaffa, which I had never seen Fig in my life.
Dr. Ragheb Al-Sarjani&#39;s style is simple and always suitable for anyone who reads the topic for the first time and encourages an incursion into reading the topic, and this is what happened to me after reading this book.
A wonderful . Dozens of pages I have saved and saved. Some quotes I liked. How do you love me? I love you, add the sea and its thicknesses. Add the sky and its birds. Add the land and its trees .. My father once told me: We called you hopes for an extended thousand, because the name Hamzah means only one hope, one wish. You are much more than that. We put all our hopes in you with hopes, with the outstretched thousand meaning: hopes, dreams, many of them. We are all born and have the greatest treasures that we can obtain in life, one of these treasures is your mind, the other is your heart, and time and health are indispensable tools for these treasures. What you are doing to develop yourself and help humanity shows how much you value this blessing from God .. Love cannot come to terms with deception. How does one know the first moment of love? when ? And at any point, the dark night sky becomes blue? . Even in death our love has not vanished, because I live in your veins
. The coolest of the series
Without a lot of talk ... The Diwan is the exception of Al-Sanadi .. It is possible that one of the best petals of the Diwans descended .. Sure, there is no complete need, I mean, but I personally am not able to show him a need and a monster .. Bravo from here for the next year until the new Diwan aspired:
Honest and simple. Sweetheart:
A group of realistic stories that were published in Friday mail. I read at a time when I needed this set of life-loving experiences. He has a position on the day of his purchase with my girlfriend, Blossom: and the day of his reading as well
good. . CTBox not working
Interesting new type .. Lessa Muqrash, the second part .. But I hope it is the splendor of the first part
The best hotel I have stayed in. The reception staff are very cool. There is no
Enjoyed staying. Location of the hotel and availability of shops. Internet services as the network is weak
Excellent. Everything is beautiful in terms of cleanliness, reception and handling. Praise be to God, I became a permanent client with them when I go to Sharjah. The hotel has become my first destination .. And the most important thing is that they do not bother you in the Czech Republic. Everything is beautiful, but I hope they clean the kitchen at the time of cleaning because they clean everything, except the kitchen only, they exchange the rubbish cyst ..
Excellent. The hotel is new and I would recommend it. The bed is rather small
very good. The staff is excellent, especially the Moroccan host. Hotel cleanliness. Neglecting the balcony in terms of cleanliness and decoration. The presence of ants at the minibar. Close the pool with gym at evening. Massage is very expensive for guests starting from Real.
The book is beautiful, frankly, made up of nearly one page, but very interesting. I read the book in admiration of the writer&#39;s style of eliciting judgment and stories from within the story. I think he has a unique skill that no other person has in his time. Disadvantages of the book in Bali: It is a great mistake in the census to tell you about four pillars of an issue, for example, and list three for you, and that he used to advise a lot on matters I do not think that a reader of such a book in its size does it .. but it remains beautiful in its entirety
very good. . Wi-Fi is bad
I liked the first dialogue and felt the author&#39;s culture. I liked the madman Jaafar Al-Rawi sometimes and his ability to adapt to the circumstances, despite its misery
I recommend it. Tranquility, location and cleanliness. nothing
good. . The furniture is old and especially the bed
very good. The hotel is beautiful and the deal is beautiful. Meal prices are exaggerated, the distance between villas and utilities is expensive. The villa has many exits and children can open them easily and get out.
Good service and a warm welcome. good. There are no notes
Beautiful and entertaining, as usual, of course .. But it was necessary to disappear one of the evaluation stars to the disappearance of Rifaat Ismail as the main hero of the story&#39;s heroes. She thought of me about the book of Greek mythology, which I want to read with my saying a year.
Hotel to relax. The hotel is quiet, beautiful, comfortable for sleeping and relaxing, the bathrooms are spacious and beautiful. The services at night are bad for someone who answers you unlike the day. Summit quickly. The breakfast room is very small. Treating guests with the number is not in the room. For example, a couple is counting an additional number of money for the wife, and this is very strange. I did not see him in other hotels. The TV screen is very small, as if it is a computer. The hotel restaurant is very expensive.
Do we not live our lives while we know that God will take them. You are solely responsible for your understanding. Are you not afraid of loneliness in the open? Loneliness exhausted me in the crowd. . As long as I asked myself why? Why? Life seemed to me a bluff, and I was amazed at the fate that hit my head. When your heart triumphs over its way, it will find itself outside the walls of time and space. Naguib Mahfouz will not come again, this man is incredibly proficient in talking about life, its mysteries, and its secret .. The novel is purely philosophical and very exhausting despite its small size .. The dialogues are wonderful and intrinsic .. I will not tell about them because what is in them must read:
No comment is enough that it is the sword of God
Please pay attention to bathroom hygiene. Everything. Bathroom cleanliness
Excellent. The hotel&#39;s proximity to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque, the large area of the rooms, lifts provide a lot of quietness, very fast room service The rooms are old-fashioned, no ventilation windows, breakfast location, narrow tricks, average breakfast level, no Wi-Fi in the rooms
If her ideals were more useful than stars, I would have liked them more than wonderful. The novel is very sad and painful. They are deformed little bits gathered behind a beautiful face and elegant dress. I was able to live the length of the novel among the heroes, and every little thing I envision myself as a place of limit and sympathy for them. You know, you enter our feelings very much, and you understand us correctly, and you express each object. In general, I love the open ends, which made us think and interact more with the novel, but the end here was a lot more than the genealogy of the most loved ones who were king. Actually, it is not always escaping to keep weakness and surrender times that will be strong and wise, if it is for the sake of principles. Marwa was a lot of times in the novel that provokes me when he feels that she is weak or negative, and in her relationships with her daughter, she was supposed to prefer trying more than that. Why, when we love, do we summarize all the inhabitants of the earth in one face and one name. The novel is worth reading more than once
good. . Iftar in Ramadan was not organized and eating was not good
Icarus rose and rose until he rose hard, rose much more than supposed and the sun melted his wings and my identity to the depths ..... A novel like Icarus did not cause me depression or frustration despite the severity of some of its events, it covered the idea and treatment of this cruelty ... And as usual, the style of Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq underestimates the harshness of the events with a smile that he paints on your face during reading even if it is a sad smile .... He shaped the events of the world with a very distinctive idea and style .... made us see the massacres, injustice and manipulation of the human soul in an imaginary form Wow, I felt like I was watching the novel and not just reading it .... Do you have question marks in your life? I have .... and I know many people have these question marks that haunt them ... but these questions differ from one person to another ... whoever asks about the secret of existence and this is his primary concern ... and there are those who ask about the validity of his personal steps .. And another one asks about his hope for freedom ..... everyone has a question that occupies him .... all the answers were found by Mahmoud Al Samnoudi .... all ..... no ... he is not a custom or a claimant of knowledge ... He really knows .... No one can predict .. Rather, there are those who climb the mountain and they see farther ... Mahmoud is a person who was destroyed by circumstances, so he moved to know and then more to know, until he knew how to reach some way to what makes him know everything and see the whole truth ... except that knowing the full facts was beyond his ability and he could not keep everything inside and he spoke ... but he spoke To the extent ... only the one who deserves it and who deserves it will know the truth from him who understands his words .... they said about his words that they are predictions ... except that they are facts that he witnessed ... he was tormented by the facts and human was tortured to empty him of those facts .... However, he was refusing .... this who gave up his humanity in order to remain a human being ... who abandoned his humanity to rise above man .. who gave up his humanity in order to have the will of silence ..
Excellent hotel. Location, services and everything. nothing
Ptaaa not so long .. If they were replaced by deep needs, like most of the rest, he deserved five stars .. But he is inspiring and reads more than once anyway.
thank you . The location is very excellent and very clean. There is no
And any great .. and if it annoyed me, its end because it is open. ..But the writer&#39;s genius and his expectations that have already been made make this novel worthy of respect ... everything mentioned mentioned happened and happens and I am sure that the rest will happen ... It tells the painful reality of Egypt in everyone&#39;s desire to control power without looking at this The people who suffered a lot and still suffer ... The bloodshed that the writer spoke about in this novel has become a reality in which we live ... What is the use? If every attempt to achieve greater freedom, more dignity, and greater justice ends up reversing them? . These lines talk about the current situation in Egypt. ... Izz al-Din Shukri Fashir impressed me when he talked about the arrival of a president from the Brotherhood in this narration, even if it was isolated ... as if he knew what was happening to Muhammad Morsi. Meritorious stars:
Exceptional. The location is close to the City Center complex. price
Atypical novel. Sometimes you think it&#39;s messy. She talks about many topics in that one from the Iran-Iraq war to the outright civilizations. Expatriate life .... psychological problems. Certainly not like any typical Arabic novel. And won the Naguib Mahfouz award
A stressful book, despite its brilliant style of telling scientific theories. But it attracts you to a different area where thinking about the paranormalities of the subconscious and the power of subconscious .. I think that sentence summarizes the most important thing in the book that the subconscious emotions do not emanate only from the same reassuring net.
A unique experience that enters its reader with a lot of questions in the maze of time to bring out a greater number of questions ... This story lived with me a spiritual alienation that I felt with a painful separation and the wisdom of the insane.
The book is a good introduction to anyone who wants to start researching this topic, in addition to that it is small in size and simple in language
The most wonderful thing about Shawky’s depiction of Cleopatra is that he did not make her move away from the homeland and did not gasp, as he did a lot in the matter of beauty, as it is said about her beauty or the issue of her love affair or her death ..
excellent . Nice staff, cleanliness, and a hotel that is very impressive, friendly and respectful..and a great location, thanks for the reception. Thanks to all the staff.
I love her very much, especially the conversation that he had with Evan Khellani. Read the novel from Tani
. I liked it, in front of the metro, new furniture, clean rooms, even a good room cleaning service, you can super brands, a pharmacy, restaurants, and a women salon if he goes with your wife so the hotel is going around with a clean thing and the web provides money and revolves and the site and cleanliness I advise in it. The defect of the hotel is hot water and very weak water
This book is really useful, so it really surprised me. Colloquially, the book is laughter. I usually test this type of book. If his level is good, I will pass the first semester or attract me to complete his reading. However, he started with a higher laugh test:. Choose the shape that is closest to your personality. Of five shapes, then start by arranging the remaining four from the closest to the most distant from your preference. After what I made the selection. The writer mentioned a part that the last form you have chosen is the most form you currently have a problem with. After reading every shape and specification, I realized that it was the bottom line. It is not nonsense. Really useful for anyone who wants to see himself and others from another perspective
Before starting this painful narration, my soul used to talk to me:. There is in the universe who is worthy of me than life. I did not mean that I deserved death, but I meant that Ali and everyone who wanted life should work, produce, strive and strive to deserve it .. and this is what I confirmed after completing my reading of Men in the Sun Ghassan Kanafani. There are those who are worms in his life: completing his education. Supporting his family. And improving his family’s situation .. He struggles for that and pays for all his dirhams in his pocket. In addition to his dignity. And his hopes. And maybe his life. And in this book of Kanafani, I felt the pain of sacrifice. Painful altruism. The torment of the struggle ... Abu Al-Qais. Marwan. Asaad end their lives cooked in a water tank. To end with their lives all the hopes, plans and dreams that would build their future and establish their conditions and save themselves from the disease of poverty and need .. I mention here a phrase I read in Victor Hugo&#39;s novel The Wretched describing their condition and the reason for the Sheikh meeting with the young and distant with the stranger: . Misfortunes really have beauty. It fraternizes between the stranger and the stranger with the bonds of brotherhood and love. ................ And Abu Bamboo has another picture for us: the image of sacrifice for nothing. Painful narration, and my evaluation may be exaggerated, but I can only suffer with the heroes, fear of reality and compassion for those who represent the heroes on our land.
Exceptional. The hotel is very excellent in all respects, in addition to its proximity to the Emirates Mall.
Mustafa Ibrahim is one of the people who wrote it so that it can be approved ... but the sweetest manifest is.
Mr. Firas Response is a wonderful person and deserves all appreciation. Mr. Firas is a summit of ethics, cooperation and freedom. The internet is very expensive and eating is not good
The book is one of the first stories in which it is interesting and draws you to read. The distortion that attracts you keeps knowing what will happen in the end, two more stories, I like the blood play and original cannabis. The same idea that talks about in the tales of Farghal Al-Muskawi about those who like to try, and the two of them do not flourish from them and you do not take time in their reading
Very cool. Creativity in simple thoughts spirituality of a child&#39;s heart ... by nature&#39;s beauty that we have broken All her stories are beautiful ... a happy child brought me back to walk through these stories. And how many meanings ..... a unique kind of fine Islamic art. Perhaps one of the greatest things that will change our perception of the creatures around us is different. The ant that was passing in front of me, for example, was not thrown at her ... I will stop at her and say, Glory be to God, for she has a world that we do not know. It stimulates the creativity of Hassan around us. Well, the heart did not question praise. Glory to God
Hang on to a real goal and live for it even if it seems to others
Exceptional. Everything the hosts are very responsive and quickly to check in and out is a very quiet and clean place and there is no bar unlike which I read in the ratings I was afraid of what I read from the opinions of the guests but the stay was better than wonderful ..
How hard it is to be sighted in a blind community, this wonderful sentence of the blind novel by Portuguese writer Jose Saramago
good. The coldness of the hotel and the work staff, the speed of registration and its proximity to the Dubai Mall ... Delays in the execution of the request abnormally may arrive for hours.. Breakfast all days the same meals, there is no diversity and the taste will..The room is very small ..
The beauty of the hotel is its location. I liked the site very much and so does the hotel. The housekeeping service is annoying, and from the morning they knock on the doors, as if cleaning is by force ... The furniture is normal, not so luxurious as I have previously lived in luxury hotels and the lowest price, but the site is great.
A novel that carries between its parts parts .... part of the jinn and demons and the practice of magic. A very realistic part about the problems we face. A political part borne by some lines and sometimes between the lines. A fictional part and a battle similar to one of Harry Potter&#39;s adventures. Writer Amr Al-Menoufy was able to infiltrate events to capture my full attention in the beginning of the novel by surprise, I did not expect its limit and raised many questions about what will happen next, and was able throughout the novel to always break my expectations with events that make the novel take a different curve, which is calculated for the writer because he made me For the last lines of the novel, I do not know the end ... I liked it very much, he talked about the seven sins and reminded me of a film, and by talking about those sins, he presented social and political problems that were very realistic. Although there were periods when she was lost between the lines of the novel and took control of the questions, the writer was answering my questions in the lines that followed my questions, and he knew that I would ask how this happened or why ... the last quarter of the novel was considered a little. From sorcery and practicing magic works in the parts of the first narration and the realism of events, but I found myself in a battle between good and evil and a battle for survival, as if I were in front of a melody from one of the parts of the movie .. The transition from realism, no matter how strange, to the melee in the way de Khadni Shway. In the end, the conclusion was wonderful, and despite the victory there must be victims so that every action has bad and good results ... Fool .. and a very good opinion worth reading
The play is more than wonderful and deserves to be seen, as usual, the classical Arabic language is very charming and increased the aesthetic of the play
Man: The closer I found you, the closer it seemed to me and beyond my imagination.
I will always learn from you, Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud, may God have mercy on you. Initially, I, of course, did not understand all the mystical meanings of the book ... but I must express my admiration for the objectivity and impartiality of Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud in his explanation and transfer of the poems and writings of the major mystical knowledges ... Mostly I do not find anyone objectively in a subject Sufism .. As mentioned in the last article, either you find those who honor them and do not doubt a word they said or the exact opposite of who considers that all their heritage is nothing but blasphemy and shattah ... a book that taught me a lot and served me with a barrage of explanations of the texts of the ancient Sufis .. as He invited me to think about many things. More than I benefited from him and from his Sufi heritage Abu Al-Azaim, it seemed to me that most of them are far from shore. A book that I recommend reading to anyone who wants to know his Creator and to love Him, not to worship Him only:. God bless you, Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud
Nice and enough. I hope to keep a hard copy soon
It hurt me:. The style of the writer is wonderful. In describing pain and love
Excellent. Calm and comfortable, opposite the Corniche, fast response to customer demand, the reception is excellent, especially Mr. and Professor Muhammad, the Filipino employee, and free parking is available. The Jacuzzi in the gym, sauna, and steam room were not hot and the supervisor was not constantly present in the hall
good. Proximity to the Noble Sanctuary, the receptionist, despite the pressure that exists to be a good person. The delay in cleaning the room after logging in was not clean
Excellent. The staff is excellent. There is no
Wonderful. The hotel is clean and quiet. And comfort, because the furniture in the rooms is very comfortable, especially the bed. Breakfast is also varied. Only the restaurant is small and the number of people staying at the hotel is not enough. You have to wait a while for a table to sit down and this is if the hotel is full of guests .. Taxi services from the hotel are very overrated.
Comfortable Umrah. Close to the campus. The smell of the hallways was bad ... towels were ripe
The beginning of my acquaintance with this writer in an article in the Dubai Cultural Magazine, September issue, which is the first number purchased from this magazine ... This article spoke about the notes of Saramago who was writing it when he came to his mind, the idea of starting a book by a narrator ... Blindness, how tired of this novel during my reading And how many times I stopped reading. In this narration ... a man in it is blinded, but he is another type of blindness where the person sees things in white and soon the blindness passed to the entire society except for one woman who was not injured for an unknown reason and she lives suffering saying to herself: What is more difficult to be one who is seeing in a blind society and that Because it is capable of seeing all the tyranny, theft, looting, and breaches that others do to obtain a livelihood and see the tyranny and dictatorship that some impose on them to suffer a lot from them. Initially, the writer introduces you to the novel slowly, beginning from his first blind accident in the sign in the middle of the road .. followed by the doctor and the black-eyed girl and the child until the man reaches Zu the black gang until everyone blinds except the doctor’s wife .. who bear all their responsibility .. the only Being able to see what happens is that you feel chaos and misery around you lighter than you feel and see it ... even in the way of writing the text, there are no punctuation marks .. there is no visible and end to every dialogic sentence .. as if the writer intruding you so hard for the world of the blind to get used to ... This narration reveals the animal&#39;s human behavior ... when man lost h Ssh and one of his senses revealed his instincts and nature of the animal and selfish manipulative .. will go in search of food and satisfy his desires without the organization nor the existence of values nor principles nor have mercy on hunger in internecine war, the war between the special group of blind. The most terrifying of the blind ... is that you are the only one who sees ... Here is the wife of the only doctor who sees the reason unknown. Is it because she is the most pure among them? She is the one who bore the responsibility of all of them, so she was like it, or she cleans them, searches for food, organizes them, and sees what is going on around them in the world of ugliness, so her eyes were like an eye for all of them. Tell the blind man you are free, open the door for him that separated him from the world, and tell him again, go free, he will not go .. He will remain in his place among the way he and the others, terrified, do not know where to go ... What tears mean when the world loses all the meanings .. Those wretched old people, like others who died by death, in the middle of the road to be a fat meal for stray dogs .. Saddened when the blind group left the building where they lived alone ... The difficulty does not lie in living with people but in their understanding ... The end comes as it came This blindness surprised him, he went, surprised him when this white blindness was revealed. Instead, blackness came in his place ... I am blind ... I see everything. Black .. cried. I see. . Saramago did not specify a place or time in this narration, nor did names suffice with the function of each person or its characteristic characteristic of it .. it makes you feel while you are reading that what is happening can happen in your country in your village anywhere in the world .. that everything is impossible before you white that The human beings are robbed of their humanity and they are impossible to be animals ... until the treatment of governments will not be much different. The panic accompanying his word is a pandemic that spreads to make you not think about the case of the injured. It is important not to mix with the healthy people. The epidemic must be eradicated, even if the meaning of this is to eliminate the infected with it and let humanity go to hell ... a novel Really stressful, tough, awesome, tired, I think I need a rest after reading it ... A genius writer really ... changes things inside you while you read .. make you think about everything around you as you read .. blindness is not blindness of sight but blindness of insight and this is what we face and face our society. I think that no matter how much I write, it is not her hobby ... And finally what the doctor’s wife said: I do not think that we are blind, but I think that we are blind and they see blind human beings who can see but they do not see
My tongue is unable to express, but it is wonderful ... although there is some criticism, but this is because of differing beliefs, but this does not reduce its beauty or its magnificence is really terrible
New and excellent hotel. Excellent location at the entrance to Fujairah .. New, so some things are not available. . But it is under construction.
One of the things I loved most was Tantawi&#39;s books
Fun and interesting and take you to a beautiful imagination, and its surprises are wonderful
My favorite writer, the only one able to put me in the atmosphere of the novel from the first page, but that is not a novel, is a study of the psyche of a person in the moments of his revolution and in moments of love and also in moments of indifference, and the end comes to rise in love of the nation passing over every feeling in the novel, I cried with the word I wake up, Egypt, as if I were in Tahrir Square:
To those who influence the principle on people and revelation on history. A very wonderful book, objective, easy to handle, tidy thoughts and clear and direct texts that shows the approach of balance and fairness in dealing with differences and avoiding excess and cursing in people. This book is a simple message in the principles of looking at Islamic history in general, differences in particular, and rules you have to abide by to reach the full just and beneficial judgment of studying history, the most important of which is not to confuse principles and people, so that the half principles are the origin and the people, they are subject to those principles as they are subject to the human traits are not removed Of the error, and this does not detract from their place and historical role, of course .. I advise everyone to read it, especially those who issue fatwas without knowledge and engage in controversy in matters that are not known to them or the approaches to address them ..
Indeed, despite the simplicity of the words and the smallest sentences, they have eloquence and creativity that I liked very much
A wonderful and very enjoyable book in which there are many lessons that heal the poor mind, increase the knowledge of the ignorant of certain things, integrate life with religion and explain how empty people’s brains are about the essence of religion with the scales of religion.
A classy and comfortable hotel. The screen, staff, and cleanliness of the hotel and the hotel are very classy. The smell of perfumed is very, very annoying, as is the lack of a private beach and the price is very high
The body is not just a tool that we can launch when we want ... it is something greater than this .. it echoes the emotion of the soul ... an echo of emotion. The divorced woman means she is not homeless in the street, but she is homeless in her family’s house and she is not only homeless in her home .. She feels that she is homeless everywhere she goes when she visits her friends and families .. she is confused with whom she sits .. do you sit with girls or sit with wives. If she sat with the girls, she felt as if they were curving with her in their conversation, as if both of them were concerned that she should call her a wet girl even though she is younger than them and if she sat with the married women, she felt as if they were afraid of them, as if they had evil that they used to start and try to avoid. Men .. that in their eyes a new thing as if they are smiles wet with their luster and in their speech and words a new meaning that does not rest for him .. they no longer have this tenderness in which they were treated with while she is a girl .. and no longer in them this respect that they were treated with while she is a wife .. if their delicacy False and respected artificially ... She is homeless in society .. She is not a girl or married She has no place in society and has no status and no entity .. She is homeless or as people call her absolutely
A beautiful place to stay. everything. nothing
Dubai Dar Al Hay. Cleanliness and location. The time was at noon, which caused us inconvenience, as we waited more than an hour, and the bags took more than a minute to reach the room
Ghada has a distinctive style of telling stories. As if it really put spices to taste reading. I love open ends as you do
Excellent hotel for young people and open people. I liked the freedom in the hotel, not like in some hotels you were in prison. Delays in logging in and logging out
The only book I have read three times. My mom said: a grotesque book beware beware of reading it. me why ???. My mother: You will not be able to read the hideous descriptions of torture methods in Egyptian prisons. But I was encouraged and read ... and thank God a hundred million times that I was pleased with what I knew. When the features of humanity are lacking, the pain becomes a reality ... painful moments from the history of the Muslim Brotherhood in prisons whose effects we have heard only from Jews and Americans. Perhaps Egypt&#39;s prisons are worse. Some wit appeared in many aspects of the book .. Evil misfortune is what makes me laugh. This indicates that it indicates the cleverness of the writer ..
A book of training for Sultan Al-Mousa is a wonderful book. I am tired and I say that it is beautiful, real. The book added to me a new amount of information that I was not aware of before and corrected me a lot of information. I thought it was right, but at first he answered many questions. She has answers that spoke at the beginning about God and who created him? And about the same God Almighty, and he answered in it about what is going on in the minds and minds of many of us and spoke about the keys to the unseen that only God knows and that man is a path or a choice in this world? As for the second chapter, he spoke in full about the prophets of the East, and what differentiates them from miracles from other prophets, and why did they resurrect? And in the third chapter on the messenger woman, and in the fifth chapter on the Promised Land, the book concluded with the sixth chapter on the world of jinn and magic .. A wonderful book that I strongly advise everyone to read.
Enjoyable trip . The hotel is clean and the pool is great. No free wi-fi, the value is high and the menu is high
A fun novel. It is the kind that forces you to continue reading and not leave the book. The most interesting of them is that it is based on scientific and idea. . But it is clear that the writer had the basic idea and on it began to weave all the events of the novel and subsequently influenced the sequence of events, the subject is more like solving a mathematical issue by knowing the result first and taking steps back .. It has the spirit of most young writings and the idea of corruption The police and considering it a hero for most of the community’s events .. The new thing is the writer’s departure from adding sexual stimuli in his narration of events and showing the bad tendencies of money on souls in a new way differently as well as the new perspective for the children of returnees from the Gulf Ali and their sense of alienation despite their Egyptianism and their adaptation to Society .. One last note : I see that it falls under the heading of imagination, despite the author&#39;s mixing of its events with reality and mental illnesses, etc., but he was successful in choosing some details of the characters of the novel.
It was an excellent stay and I would advise staying at this hotel. I loved the dealings of the employees and the speed of their response to the requests, and the location is close to the Dubai Mall, but I need a car. I wish to pay more attention to furniture and hygiene
We wish the best, thanks. The bed is uncomfortable in terms of the possibility to separate the bed and the cover. The receptionist responded to customer request that there is possibility available
Despite the sadness in your letters ... but they are all written in ink of optimism. Strange contrast ... but awesome ... thanks for your pen
I did not walk I was flying. I wasn&#39;t breathing I was gasping for euphoria. I owned this world I owned it. even more. Quote from the book. very nice
good. Site reception.
Excellent and great location. The shops are below.
Excellent. Location and financial value. I don&#39;t remember anything
When he was in control of sadness, he resorted to Dostovsky ... Matwasini tightened his words and found me among his letters .. Idiot delves away from the human psyche in good and evil and mounts it ... in simplicity and living away from the falsehoods of the appearances and masks of high-end societies ..
Exceptional. Comfort and location are special. nothing
A delicious restaurant who visited Strasbourg and does not eat in the restaurant does not consider himself visited the city, I have my onions and tomatoes imagination We asked about the best dish and its nomination for us and in general all we asked for is excellent, but this dish covered the rest and the garlic nan does not miss you
Exceptional. Calm comfort, good handling of hotel staff, especially employee / Suhaib.
Explanation, clean and quiet. green color. Not to clean the room when hanging the plate on the door
Excellent handling. The bed is comfortable. The room rugs are not clean
Exceptional. Very special, the staff is very kind, thank you.
good. The price of the stay is appropriate and its location is opposite the Sahara complex. Parking is very narrow, it cannot accommodate large or medium cars, the shower water is very weak and the internet is weak
The protagonist is a person I never wish to be associated with a person with his characteristics. A person can end his life by himself because he is tired of himself. A novel that provoked many of my feelings of humanity.
I hesitated a lot before reading the book motherly because it was written that it is political and I am not in politics or its virginity and also because the book is old and the defect in this point is not in the book the defect in me that I started reading to Omar Taher late unfortunately. And so I tried trying to save all my books. As for this book, I liked it very much, despite the frequency that was in the first, and it will remain in the list of my favorite books. The sweetest article I liked, Mallochia, my grandmother ::
The novel is to say the least that it is wonderful, you earnestly created a style and narration, so in describing the places, I was able to live with me in a strange way, and I always had new events other than the ones. Expect it as well as classical in the description. I liked it. Live me in the place.
A more than wonderful trip. Very wonderful Saudi crew.
The title of astonishment dwells here ... astonished astonishment in a simple luxurious dress ... My first stop is in love with Farouk
good. Everything is excellent. Rooms are small and bookings are always near the elevator or in a far place. The hotel does not give you excellent places, it gives you unwanted places.
A collection of novels or stories. More than wonderful. Fun and useful for anyone who wants to become a writer. Or a novelist. A style of choice of terms, description and expression. More amazing
This part takes us back to the first decades of the history of the Sultanate ... to the beginning of the establishment of the Sultanate at the hands of its first Emir, Markhan bin Hudayb, and then his son Khuraibet and his sons. In a form of profound dialogues and multiple social relations, events revolve between the establishment and internal conditions of the region from wars and the ongoing princes conflict over the land and the building of states. Many Khribit remained expanding the borders of his country. After it expanded, he began taking the necessary steps to establish a country recognized by the United States of America, and his need for money began to provide the requirements for establishing a modern country, and he did not require international support.
A wonderful juxtaposition of childish imagination and female pride, this love was born as a book.
From what I read the coolest. A book that combines human development and a summary of a life experience. When you learn from this book, link it to your personal behavior. You will actually find the most beautiful
An excellent literary book written in beautiful language about the world of oppression experienced by a person of this age, which works on manning animals, that is, turning them into an animal. Mamdouh reports aggression on many of the writers&#39; testimonies and their treatment of this issue. Which added an aesthetic dimension in the book .. Among the exciting ideas that the writer mentioned are our aggression on the brutality of the world, where we have become accustomed to humiliation and the inhumane dealing surrounding us, to us, and to others, on one of us in life or when we read about it or see what the screens display of Scenes of leather shivering, without blinking an eyelid, we lost something from within us .. The book contains many important ideas and deserves to be read by everyone.
A truly distinguished book, which contains articles that touch our reality and our present .. It is more than just a vision .. It is recommended to read it:
These dreams have been transformed into real
I read it twice. very very awesome :
very good. The value for their service is great. The pool is extremely bad and has bad smells
A good location for my clients booking me in this hotel for nights from January. Paid dollars a night There is no VAT or service tax. I paid in cash as they charge an additional fee when paying with a Visa card and when paying with a MasterCard. So guys, please bring your American dollars. I have not had any problem with reservations. Have your friends / colleagues / Vietnamese clients book you at the hotel if possible. The location was great. It is located one meter from the Ben Thanh Market. It is also close to many convenient restaurants and stores. The things that a small fridge contained in the room were reasonably priced. Taxis are easily accessible. All you need to do is go straight to the hallway and tell them you want one of the taxi cabs from Vince Taxi. I see this taxi company as the most trustworthy company. The taxi fare from the airport to this hotel is 1,000 Vietnamese dong. The rooms are very clean and tidy. And the furniture looks new. Plus, the room is well lit and has clean bathroom towels. Very good and cheap laundry service. The price includes free Wi-Fi, free breakfast, cable TV, etc. The hotel also has small business centers with internet computers and printers / faxes. The hotel includes a foreign exchange service at a very good price. The dollar = Vietnamese dong. They can also transfer credit to VN Mobile&#39;s SIM card. However, I advise you to buy your cellphone SIM from outside the hotel. I just bought a SIM card for 1,000 Vietnamese dong and it has a credit balance of 1,000 Vietnamese dong. The hotel was selling the slide for a thousand Vietnamese dong. = / I did not experience any noise pollution from nearby construction sites. So make sure to stay in an excellent room on the 8th or 9th floor. Unlike other small hotels, there is an elevator in this nine-story hotel. =
Excellent. Everything is fine thanks. Attitudes are insufficient
One of the most beautiful things I have read. In my opinion, the most important book should be read in order to understand what is wrong now. I think that it was filled with all modern literature, especially the masterpieces of Bahaa Taher and Jamal Al-Ghitani. In order to understand what is happening now, we must read it back.
thank you . Location and proximity to the campus are speedy sign-in staff screen. During the departure, he asked me to leave at noon, noting that I entered the hour at noon, and we were fasting.
Peace of mind . Location and comfort. There is no
Excellent . The location is excellent, close to the Dubai Mall and Khalifa Tower. Slow departure procedures.
Beautiful and light .. and beautiful participation from the writer
Scarmita has previously read the amazing novel of the Postman Neruda. And then I read the girl of the trombone, even though it is the second part of the wedding poet novel, but you can read it separately. I was never disappointed in Scarmita. Create in each novel separately ... in the wedding of the poet ... the island and the wedding, and the contradictions between them that were worthy of drawing me to the end ... I would recommend reading it, of course, for lovers of Latin literature.
Beautiful trip . Comfortable treatment in the room. The regular room is very small
I will not be that woman who pleases humiliation for love no matter what it costs me and I will not allow that man to settle my heart I will be that woman who defeats the feelings of men without touching anyone from her heart Love is unbeatable no matter the cost
Excellent. . The room is small and bathroom too, but I generally recommend it
Not long poems, but verses improvised Imam. Full of wisdom and exhortation. Very worth reading, memorizing and citing
good. Calm and treated hotel staff. The absence of a shattaf in the baths. Swimming times for women from nine in the morning until two in the afternoon. The timing is very difficult. They must be in the evening at least two hours before the end of the evening period, so that they can enjoy a pleasant atmosphere and not in the hot weather in the morning.
Beautiful and shocked in the new Shahryar, but shocking wonderful, he became a philosopher, out of the circle to contemplate the universe around him. Do you know what I need most, with the second edition, a hard copy of the death of Ghazim:. Piper. I think he is trying to talk about who was going to happen in a period of need, like Abdel-Hakim Amer, when he was drunk for the life of the setback like this ..
Wonderful Excellent . Close proximity to shopping places and restaurants.
good. Generally good. The rooms are small and narrow and the internet is weak
Exceptional. The hotel is excellent in terms of location, cleanliness, customer service and breakfast varied.
A novel in which the narrator mixes with his heroes, so Milan Milan Kundera looks out from the lines to sit next to you on the sofa and discuss what you wrote as a friend. A novel that explored the depths of the human psyche in the farthest areas. I gave her five stars to impress me with the writer&#39;s self-confidence and the right that he sometimes used to over-describe myself until he was almost academic for my fiction. But the work as a whole is a single tone and flight out of tune in the world of the novel
Despite its smallness, how tired of me, between the transitions and the burning pains, between the beats of the hour and the brutality of the desert, between the struggle of Hamid to escape from a present that does not accept it to a future that does not know its nature, and between them stands between the beats of the hour, and Mary, how can one moment be destroyed, patience For a complete period to come with a comprehensive regret where we cannot turn back from it, and Zechariah Hamed is truthful when we call him stinking. There is nothing good that comes with him stinking from inside and outside, and the illusion that we hold on to his long ropes in order to make him forget about us and when we realize that the illusion will become a reality we ask for the first time: Will we endure Its weight? Or will all that remains for us and what remains for them and what remains for you will become a dose of loss and remorse.
Deep touching, cool, simple, suitable for all ages, times and places. Wherever there are people, there are miserable .... and this phrase suffices:. As long as there is a cause of law and custom, social death that creates industrially, in the sight of civilization and hearing, a form of hell on the ground, and is held in an inevitable human judiciary, a destiny that is divine, as long as the problems of the three age degrade the man’s poverty It is solved yet, so long as social suffocation is still possible ... as long as there is ignorance and misery on this earth, books like this book cannot be singing
The winner remains alone, I summarized the struggle of money, power and fame and revealed the false and artificial world that most of us are unaware of. The writer inspired me that the hero continues to win the battle because he continues and continues to remain alone by killing the martyrs of love, but on the last page of the novel, and after discovering that Ashka was wasted and He killed her, and Paulo Coelho gave me a lesson when he said: But the winner does not remain alone.
Great hotel. Good reception, rest and enjoy the water park.
good. The general atmosphere. My room was overlooking the sea, but unfortunately, the area is neglected and the view is not attractive, I mean, I paid more money on the empty room glass, not clean
Answers .. answers .. we are always looking for them .. just as every box has a cover .. and every beginning has an end .. and every question he answered ... questions remain like obsession always stuck to the head .. refuse to budge .. make us by its way submit to it ... But .. Are we running after it .. Is it worth running to run against the current for its sake? ? Just because we see what others do not see..and feel what others do not feel - it is a matter of look. A matter of self-confidence, perhaps ... I do not know ... that there is something behind all this ... something supernatural ... something disastrous. My goodness, Susan ... and now you became paranoid? . But when we ask questions that hide the truth behind it in the most horrific form, do we complete our path ... we retreat ... or we face the truth naked .. because it is all we seek ... When we hear about someone in a coma, weird feelings of pity feel for us ... Then our questions ask us. . Why ? Do they hear us? Are they dead? Are they just sleeping? They are alive, living in vacuum in unconsciousness. We all feel helpless..and we feel a little trick ... but not Susan Wheeler ... a third-year medical student begins her shift at the Boston Memorial Hospital on the first day..the instinct leads her to wonder about the increasing number of comas ... she initially thought that she would discover A new or syndrome disease that will shine brightly in the medical world. Most of the time the discoverer of a new disease gets more popular than the discoverer of treating the same disease. Despite the obstacles you face ... My God, Susan ... You cannot save the world in your first week of surgery. Susan continues her search to put her hand after that in a thorny area that is not worthy to reach and little by little, the facts are completely uncovered before her ... she discovers a mysterious place in which to hide all the answers that she always wanted ... We only fulfill the needs of society, this is not understood by the people of the public who are Short-sighted. Founder takes care of the coma gone, and then takes over their organs. In short, it is a black market to sell human organs ... This is the basic idea of the novel ... Robin Cook is a doctor who tried through this narration to explain the importance of members and how the need makes some people ready to do anything just to get members even If they used dishonest methods ... Ron Cook&#39;s novel topped the highest sales at the time of its release, it may still achieve true sales that the novel is old ... but it is interesting and interesting in a police ... in the film version of this novel was released .... ... The film starring Michael Douglas as Dr. Pillows and Geneva Dougold as Susan Wheeler and directed by Michael Crayton ... Speaking of human organs ... their prices rise in the first place because of the hardship of obtaining them ... but only a question came to me ... Is there really or was there a market to sell human organs? Only people sniping in hospitals to get human organs from patients who will undergo surgery? Organ donation is a problem that was and still exists, but it is said that it has increased in recent years, but what I want to answer about it is .. Why is this still a problem? I mean, medicine has developed a lot more than it was in the seventies .. It is assumed that the number of people who need the organs will decrease ... where it has now appeared Modern techniques in medicine, such as stem cell therapy ... and everyone who asks about stem cells and what are they? They are cells found in the human body and have a very high rate when a fetus is concentrated in abundance in the umbilical cord ... But the more a person grows, the less stem cells will remain, but they remain in the body for a long time. They are the cells that repair the body from the inside and repair what is corrupted from the organs because they are cells that can To transform into any type of cell ... For example, stem cells can transform into muscle cells and turn into red blood cells and into skin cells and hepatic cells into the afterlife .. Scientists have benefited a lot from this property in them and recently I read an article on the island site Net that a Jordanian doctor and I think that Al Zuabi Est He obeyed that he says many operations whose success rate ranges from to using stem cells ... where the doctor participated in international conferences for his impressive success and was said in this regard. The flag that came from the east will return to the east. A long time ago, I was watching an opera program and in one of the episodes that hosted Dr. Geese, a surgeon ... was showing organs whose color was white as they are animal members, for example, the liver of a cow or the heart of a pig and so on among the organs grown in people .. the reason for their color bleaching is that they clean them from the original animal cells so that these organs become like molds .. they do By injecting them with the stem cells of the patient himself. These cells are found in the bone marrow or pelvis, and the ability of the stem cells to transform can the cells grow and become, for example, hepatic or heart cells depending on where they are placed ... There is no need then to wait in a long list of patients who are waiting for a heart or Liver or kidney .. as long as there are now stem cells. Stem cells are not only used for organ transplantation, but are also used to treat many incurable diseases, such as paralysis and cancers. Due to their importance, a stem cell bank was established in Dubai. Here is the article ... Opening of the first bank to save stem cells in Dubai. Cryo Siva, which is the largest private bank for stem cells in Europe, has opened Creausive Arabia in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and is the first private bank in the Middle East to save stem cells from cord blood, which will be taken from the Dubai Biotechnology and Research Park based in Dubai. It is expected that the new bank of Cryo Safe will provide collection, treatment and storage services for umbilical cord blood cells for newborns, and each sample will be divided into two parts so that one part is stored in the Dubai branch, while the other part will be stored in a branch of Crayo Bank in Europe, to include Preserving those cells percent and protecting them from the dangers of damage or loss .. It is mentioned that blood extracted from the umbilical cord at birth is considered an acceptable alternative to bone marrow transplantation as a source of stem cells, and in this regard, stem cell transplants have been used to treat many pathological conditions at the level of The world, those cases included various cancer diseases, blood disorders, and a number of genetic diseases .. This is due to start the bank working from the offices of Dubai Media City and that temporarily until it moves to its permanent headquarters in Dubai Complex for Biotechnology and Research upon its completion Cent and processing headquarters at the end of the year ..:. . :. ..
The book is a masterpiece .. its story is very sweet: I see that it deserves higher than the link .. The only need that kept me shocking me was, or specifically, the director in its sale. Of course, if we assume that this story happened hard, and this is not something that is not excluded, the last need that I had myself knew The object that wrapped around the meteorite at the end of the novel:
Masked Coral Olaya Hotel in Riyadh, small but very comfortable. An advantage for car travelers, as there is a garage under the hotel. Coral High Hotel is mainly used by business travelers, but also families love us. The room was very comfortable, our room was exactly the way it looked in the pictures, and the furniture was modern and clean. A big advantage: the room was permanently clean, and the staff were very friendly and helpful, but the breakfast was not sufficiently diverse. Conclusion: We were surprised by the quality and now we can recommend this hotel as a hostel.
I will not be able to describe what you did in this novel .. Read it and enough
My review of parts one and two together. Here
My permanent hotel. Very great location for every traveler. Restaurant prices, especially fish restaurant, on the first floor, will not be repeated
This novel opened my eyes to the needs of Macintosh, I know it. And let me know that our battle with the corrupt regime is still long ... and violent. What I liked most about Ahmed Murad&#39;s style is his likenesses. :
Rigid last need. Every time I read with death from laughter
A great book with all the meanings of the word. There is nothing to say in Hasket
Excellent. . Breakfast is expensive
My friend, there is nothing new under the sun. I am surprised that the Animal Farm and only the famous novels in our country for George, this is also a novel no less wonderful.
The place of more than one, if only he would repeat. The location on the marina and marina, rest and recuperation.
I was anxious until it was over, it attracted me and took a lot of my time in the past days .... not without some prolongation, but it was nevertheless enthusiastic and wonderful .... some of its clips are very painful ... but it added feelings of another type to it ... I loved it Adherence to religious boundaries with deep love ...
I loved brown stories with all her letters ... I feel her talking about stories that I have lived in one day and other stories that I still live ... Her words touched me and touched my heart ... Sarah Darwish makes me feel that she holds the heart and presses it with all his strength. The heart is squeezed with those words that are unmatched
The first work I read for the creator Tawfiq Al-Hakim and it will not be the last. The novel at first glance is short and simple. But it included many details, the first of which is Tawfiq al-Hakim&#39;s personality as a deputy appointed in the cases. He described the simple life of the peasants and their personalities .. The writer&#39;s style is beautiful and his expressions are impressive. I really enjoyed reading it.
A book more than wonderful reading it at a watershed stage in my life. God willing, it will help me to change for the better. Any reader will help him
Of the distinctive apartments. Very nice hotel with everything that the word means cleanliness of the staff services the value of the hotel The location of the hotel is close to the engineering roundabout behind the Giordano shop and it is recommended. In the days of seasons, it is considered far from the corniche because of traffic congestion
The introduction to the Diwan alone deserves seven stars. A message to a man. Dear sir. This is a foolish woman&#39;s speech. Did a stupid woman write before me? My name? Let&#39;s get from the names. Rania .. Umm Zainab. Umm Hind .. or Haifa. The most ridiculous thing to bear, sir
excellent . Excellent overall ..
good. Location, cleanliness, service, parking. The loud bars sound
A book of great beauty. ... one of the best of what Mr. Ahmed Al-Muslimani wrote, maybe I was not a fan of article books, but this book added to a lot and gave me a really or a big mother in that this people are capable and able, salute to the advisor to the leadership greeting Hamad Al-Muslimani
A bit of warmth, lightness, tenderness, and beauty mixed with pain, nostalgia and sadness, which destiny wanted her not to give in to and find the world of tenderness and tenderness that you are looking for ...
One of the most amazing novels I have ever read in my life is a true story about a journey with addiction, then a journey of recovery. The novel changes many concepts about addicts, and it aims to deliver an important message: This addict is sick, his first evidence is an opportunity to treat, and then two computers ... ..... In addition, the novel carries a tremendous amount of information about the addicts world. The novel is realistic, as its author asserts, the coolest novels are those taken from reality, and if I did not like the writer&#39;s style very much, his style is easy and simple, but I cannot describe it in a strong literary style. In the end, it is a wonderful novel that must be read n at least cannot be described as boring. I finished reading it all a page of average pieces in less than two days, and belongs to the school of clean literature that I like very much.
Exceptional. The site is very beautiful. Everything is beautiful
Many things we regret doing too late. And many are the things that we regret not doing, but it is too late .... life takes us with its hustle and bustle, and we forget our love, draw a blur on our eyes so we cannot differentiate between what is important and what is most important .... Park Soo Neo is a mother who gave her family Everything is tired or bored, even if one day she was forced to twist, she did so lightly ... She gave them everything, and when they lost it, they wished that she would return only to give her anything ...
This novel is great. The writer’s way of returning to the past. Then we took to the present is very wonderful. I finished the novel in conjunction with the bombing of the Al-Imam Al-Sadiq Mosque in Kuwait, oh my wonder when I imagined what would happen if the matter got worse and I hope it does not. Some points I did not understand, and some signals did not get well, I may need to read the novel again later. Waiting for a new job for you, Saud
Much of the talk about praying with reverence .... But the book begins with a striking introduction that provokes the reader to complete the reading. I recommend to any reader who has the title of the series that he has some recipe for reverence, to provide his price for anything else. There is nothing in the book that is useful for reverence in this direct sense. That is if there is at all, a ready-made recipe that can serve this purpose in the first place. . From a young age, and in my mind a certain concept was associated that someone who prays between what is feared because he is afraid of God ... With the days, my view changed because I saw that a large majority of people pray only for the duty without understanding the meaning behind the prayer. And sensing it with all its meanings, ..... What distinguishes this book is that it answered questions that came to my mind .... It begins by describing the importance of prayer and that worship in general was not assigned to tampering with the Zakat was intended as social equality and the advancement of society as a whole as well as prayer did not impose five Times for tampering are the most important concepts that he mentioned at the beginning of the series that prayer makes you realize the importance of time and commitment to it by specifying five times of prayer ...... Prayer is only a spiritual training to complete the joy of life in a correct way, .... and I pray that helps in reaching us The goal .... the movements of prayer are not instantaneous movements, but movements of their meanings can be drawn together Others to improve our lives .....
Excellent location and needs some improvement from hotel management. The location of the hotel and proximity to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque and markets treat the reception staff to great. Lack of private parking for executive suites, weak water in the toilets, especially the shower
No comment .... :
Fine hotel. The luxury of the hotel. Employees enter rooms after the first road. Note that the rooms are forbidden
A good experience. The decor and order of the hotel was beautiful ,,, the crew was friendly. There was maintenance on the pool and it was not reported by the site or the hotel. The health club was very modest
. If the world becomes a wreck around us ... then the soul will come from this wreck ... then the earth will come from this wreck ...
When I visit Tabuk, I will live in the same hotel, God willing. The hotel is very beautiful, especially the brothers, the reception staff, especially brother Nawaf, and the brother Mushtaq were cooperating beyond the limits, and the cheerfulness did not depart from their lives .. The food was not of the required level .. After it was removed from the services like the laundry, a supermarket, restaurants.
Beautiful hotel for business and business visits. The cleanliness is excellent and the spa services are great. The towels and bedspreads are sterile and the reception staff at night is Egyptian. Now the rooms are uncomfortable and the room smells noisy. There is no boutique or store to buy daily necessities or mobile recharge cards
The book is very sweet, and Dr. Ragheb Al-Sarjani narrated the events in a fun way and knew information from the book. I did not know it definitively.
It exceeds expectations but exceeds them. Where do I start my words, we arrived early and asked for an early arrival. Our rooms were ready, spotless, and clean. We were a group of adults and children. The beach is stunning with a charming mountain backdrop. Restaurants were delicious and financially efficient. Kidumo&#39;s kids room was super awesome, the breakfast buffet was central, but that&#39;s not what surprised us most. We stayed there for only two nights, and found that the staff service was incredible. At dinner time, it happened to us, that adults want to stay up a little and eat shisha, but it is not possible with children. They had babysitting services that we needed to book in advance, which we did not do. The manager, Mr. Ruby, helped us out many times. He made arrangements with a babysitter to come to the hotel and look after the children in the room until we returned. The babysitter who worked all day in the Kedomo room was amazing. She made my one month old baby go to sleep, and then she played with two older children in our group. She was very lovely. There was a wedding anniversary for one of the couples in our group, and the manager, Ruby, arranged the celebration cake. We saw it all day at the hotel. He was courteous and kind, greeted us, asked us if we needed anything, etc. All the hotel staff were great and caring about our help, and they were attentive. Even the rescuers the day we went out, the waves were somehow high, and my reckless husband took the adventure, and entered a little further. Rescuers came to us and asked my husband to return so that he could be close to the beach, because it was not safe. We loved the service yes, the rooms need to be upgraded, but they were spotless clean. Overall, this is a great hotel, and I could return at any time
Passerby. Quiet cleanliness staff. The absence of MBC Pro Sport channels, the presence of frequently rejecting channels, the absence of porters from the car to the hotel and vice versa
good. I liked the apartment capacity, the luxury of the furniture, its cleanliness, and the location is quiet, away from the hustle and bustle, and parking is available. The presence of only one bathroom in the apartment and the interior wooden doors do not isolate the external sound from inside the apartment
A novel that went out of the ordinary .. I can now see the world of expatriates who come to work in the Gulf states, how painful it is ..
Exceptional. Location, cleanliness, price, staff, parking, breakfast. There is no family for children under two years
Quality worth maintaining. Online room expansion, multiple services. The bed is not very comfortable
The book is excellent, frankly, especially for people who love sad stories.
Wonderful. Very beautiful in Ayush Restaurant on your right. If you came out of the hotel, you would leave it for a minute. Depending on your walk in everything, I eat a hookah and have the right next night. Your wife who enters the hotel does not take two forms of the right after the night
Very good . Breakfast is excellent, transport excellent. the bed
A very beautiful book, written in easy language to reach the conviction that reading is not a hobby but rather a method of life for every Muslim .. How can those who do not read carry the nation and seek to revive it while he did not work his mind and enlightens him with reading. The book is intended for the reader and those who want to read, and even those who do not want to read. The first chapter sharpens reading. The story of the descent of Gabriel, peace be upon him, on the noble Messenger, may God bless him and his family and peace, and the deduction of wisdom in the verse of Iqra and the verses that follow, and the comparison of the state of the companions and their presentation to those who read and write and the honorable history of a nation Iqra and compare it to the unfortunate present, has the strongest motivation to acknowledge that reading is a way of life. And the best doctor in this beginning to motivate the reader. Chapter Two How do I like to read? In it, the doctor began to refine the serious reader and facilitate the way for him to be a useful reader for himself and his nation with ten easy but great means. Chapter Three What do I read? It is a question that has always been repeated and Dr. Ragheb has illuminated the reader&#39;s mind as he reads and summarized it in ten areas whose importance is not hidden. The book concluded by saying the road is long, but its end is beautiful
Nadira is the narrations that contain detailed lessons on psychology such as this one. All human weakness is embodied here in the form of Marcus and Natalie. I cannot always express the things that touch my soul.
After reading several articles, I felt a desire to read a novel but not any novel, there were certain conditions for the novel that I intend to read. Light language, difficult to understand, entertaining and useful. My choice fell on many novels, I browsed some and read some of the first pages, but I did not get what I wanted, then I went to the staircase where there is a P.O. novel: which has been in place for a year and a half, so I just read the title and forgot about the existence of this novel I was born with a desire In reading it. A novel written by a well-known poet and poet who must have a different taste and unique atmosphere .. Indeed, it was so, from the first page that I confirmed that this novel is what I really want to read until I finished it in one session of hyper enthusiasm and integration, one session that made me live a world Another as if I was born in that era to live. I once remembered that my mother showed me a picture that spread on one of the social media channels, namely Facebook, the good days of Facebook, I did not imagine the amount of life in the exchange of messages, nor did I imagine that he alone is a high literary art in which the reader and writer live different emotional situations .. a beautiful novel and not of a heavy literary type Its events revolve between two main characters, Alia and Issa, the idea may be clear at the end of the novel, but the method created a different atmosphere for the events of the novel, a respectable novel and the reader comes out of it with interest .. The exchange of correspondence, stamp collectors, between East and West, specifically in the days of the eighties lives Read reader A messenger in the postman’s office between letters, the mailbox, papers and ink whose tongue will discover when the writer uttered it in his narration..I liked the chapters of inanimate objects speaking the mailbox, the room, the pen, the letter, the stamp, and the table are things I never thought of .. The author discussed this The book has many things, but in an easy way, the difference in views, the Arab youth, friendship, religion, the relationship between the girl and the young man, culture, history and most importantly, those discussions were in a specific time and real events .. Disclaimer: The last high message is a difficult puzzle to understand. In this novel, I read a time full of life, thanks to the postman and thanks to Sultan Al-Amimi ... .... Information: Did you try to read a book from its cover only? Without seeing a brief about him or people&#39;s opinions about him or even his evaluation. To read a book without expectations, just read it and live its details and be shocked by its events because you do not know its content or even its heroes or even the idea discussed by the writer. I think that this secret made me enjoy reading the book and live among its details.
One of the most amazing revolutionary poems. .. .. .. No reconciliation. It is only that you want. You are the knight of this only time. And only you .. mutants
good. I liked everything, especially the exterior of the hotel and the sea. When I chose a double bed and did not appear at the reception and surprised about it
Very simple and cool writer
The balcony of shame ...... a limitless soreness:
A wonderful autobiography, this blind boy&#39;s insistence on success and overcoming obstacles and what he was able to reach has left a huge impact on me ... I advise it ..
good. . No free breakfast with room rate, Wi-Fi is very weak, connection rates when using the phone are fictional
Exceptional. Calm and comfortable. The check and check process is not fast and smooth
I liked that she is a very good doctor. Pretty awwwii
Distinctive residence. The breakfast is excellent and the staff is very helpful.
My favorite hotel. A quiet, wonderful and clean hotel. Everything is excellent and excellent services
I love this book too. The book talks about happiness, what are its causes? The style of the writer is easy and direct. In short, if you read the book, you will change your mind about happiness. :
Comfortable and quiet. The reception staff are great, room cleanliness and plenty of parking.
We may be sad without reasons, and joy will colonize us without justification. .................................................. .......... Among the publications of the Laila Cayan Corp. Book of thoughts, single cases. The Egyptian writer Aya Mohamed Hammad. ................................................. Introduction The publisher has a conclusion and a saying by the late Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud. Take care of those thoughts. .................................................. .................. First of all, these thoughts remind me of fast food. Crispy chicken, hot spices, cold drink. So are these thoughts. Strong language, wonderful thoughts, fine feeling. As for fast food, you will be hungry shortly after. Such thoughts will not enrich you from others, nor will you satisfy you morally. .................................................. ............ Lack of dramatic construction or a storytelling. Or a narrative cover that I lose a lot and disturb the value of words. .................................................. .............. Forty-five diverse thoughts. And for many topics comprehensive. .................................................. ....... The best of all is that she wrote with sincere feelings. And about a noble feeling. .................................................. ............ Cases were good and at the end I quote the author. He said: I am too late and there is no room in my heart for love. Everyone I loved has left, so I used to be alone. I answered him: Why did you not say that I am hoping from God to you ... you did not fear me without looking at me
Even after the suction of the brains, the heart remains working for seconds
Madness and nothing but madness. Emily won the utmost respect and appreciation. The amount of irony in her internal dialogue. Describing everything that happens around her made me laugh a lot. I only wish that the translation were better in order to reach the utmost degree of integration with the atmosphere of this distinguished work
The simplicity of the expression and the spirit I see I left in me something of it ... The book I borrowed from my friend Asma, I read it in class on the same day
Speed of service, ease of procedures and good treatment of reception. The hotel is very excellent and clean, the service is fast and the staff is very friendly and helpful especially the Filipino and Indian brother at the reception and the speed of check-in and check-out and the hotel will be the only one I have been evaluating continuously. Not everything is perfect
A very wonderful book in which Al-Kawakibi shows the nature of the tyrants and their effects on science, morals and money, and explains the characteristics of the prisoners who are the slaves of the tyrants. And at the other end he tries to devise some solutions to get rid of tyranny. And the most beautiful thing in the book is its wonderful language, and the book is one of the most beautiful literary texts that I have read. I believe that Ibn Khaldun preceded Al-Kawakibi in explaining the nature of tyranny in his introduction. The collection of funds without its right is unjust, the aggressors are unjust, those who are blamed for it are unjust, those who oppose the rights of people are unjust, and the fertilization of property is generally unjust, and by that all is due to the state with the ruin of construction, which is its material for departing hopes from its people. I know that this is the intended wisdom of the street to prohibit Injustice, which is what arises from the corruption and ruin of urbanization, and that is a sign of the interruption of the human species, which is the general wisdom that takes into account the Sharia in all its five essential purposes of preserving religion, soul, mind, offspring and money.
The main thing is not to lie to yourself. Whoever. He lies to himself, and is content to be deceived by his lies. From this he becomes unable to see. Truth in any place, he does not see it, not in himself. And not about it, and it finally ends, for this reason. Until he lost his respect for himself and his respect for others.
Exceptional. Thank you for hosting us at your hotel, and it really is wonderful from the majority of aspects, it only lacks one thing, which is to provide shaded parking spaces. Knowing that I passed three jealous hotels during that period, and indeed Oaks Heights is the best in terms of interior capacity, cleanliness, service, and you all thanks and appreciation. As I mentioned parking lots do not have car umbrellas
The seed of evil irritates, but the seed of good is fruiting, the first rises quickly in space but its roots in the soil are close, even to obscure the good tree from light and air, but the good tree remains in its slow growth, because the depth of its roots in the soil compensates for warmth and air .. Although we When we go beyond the shiny, false appearance of the evil tree, and examine its true strength and hardness, it appears to us frail, fragile, flawless in real hardness, while the tree of good endures to affliction, holds together for the storm, and remains in its slow, slow growth. . More quote I liked and stopped me
Although the narration is strong and has many situations, the end is already open for a few hours
I liked the book very much .. I love the style of Dr. Ahmed in irony .. a delicious book, especially since the length of stories is appropriate for me .. and I don’t forget that I took him with me and his village in Malaysia the first time
This book came to me today. A gift from my dear friend from Egypt. I had hoped for my paper a long time ago, but I could not get it because it was not available here. Very nice. Finish with one session and hope you get more from it. It is considered a comic literature. He laughs a lot. I was very pleased with the gift and really enjoyed it.
Residence in the sanctuary. Everything is great and I recommend it.
Classy place. A classy and clean place, the staff is extremely helpful and the service is excellent.
A very respectable and comfortable hotel. The accommodation is maternity and the general atmosphere is comfortable. Internet must be in the room for free
Abu Abdulrahman . The location, staff and cleanliness are all beautiful. The mattress is not comfortable
Ie aware of this, which has not yet been able to put the voices of those we love in tablets or in a bottle of medicine, which we take in secret when we have an emotional illness without the owner realizing how much we need.
Love as a thin bottle. Bottle is easy to scratch. Bottle does not return it to its normal state after scratching
One of the finest hotels. The bed quality is very high, comfortable, and the quiet is comfortable ... quickly responding to any request, of course, this is my first experience at the Jumeirah Hotel, because it is my first choice when I arrive in Abu Dhabi.
Forgive me, I only hated and loathed my servant a sick person. He cannot bear responsibility and all of his arguments are flimsy. It reminds me of Assem&#39;s character in the series &quot;Girls&#39; Hakwat. Unfortunately, this feature is found in many youth. But Abdel Aziz, who like you does not start forgiving forgiveness, what does not start, but he dies at once from these panic attacks, which deserves hard
Review. Speeches of the weighted dictator. Mahmoud Darwish. Have you tried reading a novel before? I read a lot. Is there a useful book that I have read? A few few. Let&#39;s go, guys, we travel in this great little office of meaning, words and language. Writer :. Mahmoud Darwish. Palestinian nationality Arab fancy. The eloquent speech eloquent notice. Sink in his words for days and what you can deny. Speeches of the weighted dictator:. This diwan contains a summary of the conditions of our dictators. Darwish is characterized by eloquence and eloquence. Hamdi Baghdadi
The beginning of Mustafa Al-Manfalouti, I see him only as a genius. Adeeb all means the word. I only felt with him the sweetness of the Arabic language. Clear words ... strong style, exquisite rhetoric. The stories of the book were great, but let us agree that he outnumbered his gloom and gloom. Actually, the whole book invites you, because you are expressing sympathy with the book. Really cool
I could not maintain my stability until the end of the story, she was moving all my senses, separated me from reality to unite with Jonathan, I expected a thousand endings for her except for this Jonathan to be alive, and I imagined myself Jonathan dozens of times fifty years of calm and monotony, then something comes not It reminds us to disturb my life ... with a few pages we lived with Jonathan his story that only the writer needed to formulate for Jonathan to throw us in this confusion left by ourselves such a great story ..
A great book from a great writer, his introduction and the parameters of his path made clear that it is not a biography, but rather that he will clarify points and discuss them. He talked about the genius of the da’i political genius the military genius the administrative genius Muhammad al-Siddiq Muhammad al-Muhammad Muhammad al-Muhammad Muhammad al-Muhammad Muhammad al-Muhammad al-Abed and finally Muhammad appears in history. Liked: The idea of highlighting some important issues such as polygamy and the sword and responding to it and the evidence. The writer&#39;s wonderful style renewed the biography to me as if I was reading it for the first time, especially in the death of his son Ibrahim. Graduation from the book is rich in linguistics employing the wonderful Arabic language in the book and the splendor of style captivates you. Such books renew our faith, and we are proud that we belong to the nation of our master Muhammad, we belong ... some quotes :. And if the great is lost among people, how can the little not be lost among them? A nation will not move unless it opens the door to the future, and it will not pay any attention to the past unless it is a meeting with the future, and life will only lend it to it while it is sent again in the form of the new creation. Let this be remembered by those who talk about the world today, which is steeped in blood, distressed by its present, exhibited from its past.
A group of articles analyzing the Bedouin psychology, its development environment, the concept of morality among the Bedouins and the urban and a simplified elaboration of Iraq as a model for urban Bedouin conflict .. a successful, logical but very very brief analysis.
good. Calm and rest. nothing
Nicola Machiavelli &#39;s fortune, good luck. And I see that footing is better than caution .. Luck is a woman who will not flee with it except by force .. We can note that luck succumbs to the brave more than those who work with goodness .. Therefore, luck like a woman always befriends the youth ... because they are more violent and less Careful ..
Not every female is going through a difficult period in her life. You definitely need to read this book
A guide to greatness, one of the wonderful and powerful books that in my opinion reads slowly, enough pages are sufficient for you every day to make you feel motivated and desire to achieve and change ..... But with the completion of the book I am certain that you will know a lot about his life; about his daily program, the singer / hotel / restaurant / cafe / the city / His favorite company, and that&#39;s why I kept a star because the reader is not interested in knowing this type of detail. What caught my attention was that most of the practical lessons were often derived from simple daily life situations that we might not pay any attention to, but he used the scene to convey a message or an idea from his thoughts .. The book needs to be applied like his monk book that sold his Ferrari car, otherwise it was just motivating words no more
Interested in this period in Iranian history. I strive to read a number of books to form a vision of the reality of the situation there. It started with notes of Farah, the Queen of Iran, during the Shah&#39;s reign. I got to know the shah, the shahbanu and their sons through this book. As I had no knowledge of this information, and all I knew was the Iranian revolution at the end of the seventies. Farah often suffered from pain in moving from one exile to another. The volatile position of the United States of America, which remains to this day, has caused many problems in the countries of the world. . An interesting book I recommend
Here is the great and wonderful approach of tolerance pursued by Dr. Salman ... The book may appear at first glance for a certain category of Sheikhs and students of knowledge since Sheikh Salman is among them: ... But you as an ordinary person, you can learn from him a lot a lot. From it you will learn peace of mind, and broad-mindedness. And that you are human with his mistakes and slips, and his ulterior motives. Beautiful and wonderful as the d. Salman:
Good hotel and can be excellent. Location, furniture and decor, Al Reem restaurant and restaurant staff are good, Arabian tent, car parking. My reservation was for an executive suite for two and two children, but unfortunately, the suite was not equipped with anything for the two children, and after calls, only one blanket was provided. This was a disturbing behavior from the hotel employees. .
Great value for a special hotel. My first experience in the hotel was two years ago. The room was upgraded. It was great. After my return last month, I noticed the low level of the hotel. The rooms overlooking the pool are very beautiful. The hotel is in a location close to the mall and has a good value for money
An epic narrative that reflects the cultural, political and social life of the Palestinian people, God bless us all
I swear to you with deep faith, gentlemen, that the intensity of perception is a real, serious disease, that ordinary perception is for the needs of man more than enough. Dostoyevsky. I would consider this genius sentence from Dostoyevsky to be a wonderful summary of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq al-Jadida. There is no doubt that I am the most happy people with this narration, as it agrees with me that knowledge is miserable and that in the endeavor of a permanent person to realize the truth is foolish .. In the past, Al-Mutanabbi said: Clear the life of the ignorant or unaware of what went on in it and what is expected. Here Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq tells us that the truth is a sun that burns to those who approach it ... In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. No, if you know the science of certainty, you will see hell.
Beyond the dark. As we go to sleep, there is another world that is constantly moving in its mysterious ways. Murakami is taking us on a haunted night tour in Tokyo. For seven continuous hours. Three different stories are gathered by strange coincidences. In the stillness of the night. The secrets and tales unite them in a way that exceeds their different circumstances ... with the magical realism that Murakami used to captivate us with.
The most beautiful trip. The speed of check-in and check-out, the reception and room service, I booked a studio, and when the receptionist knew, may God reward him, I have a child who changed the studio and gave me a one-room apartment without increasing the price. One room .. nothing
I just finished the third reading of it, and the more I interested in carrying the pen to write my comment on it, I go back. Is there a curse in this novel, or does it have its full share in its name? Is it reasonable for an individual to be cut off from the strings of his life and enter a planet of another kind that one day escaped with only a few letters cuffed and built with great perfection? I still don&#39;t know anything, and if I read it a fourth time and read what I write now, I will definitely repeat the whole conversation. Every soul had a taste of death, and death was delicious for it to tear. I have no comment except emptiness, as human beings with their social hypocrisy have lost the meanings of wonderful words and amazement. She tasted death with her, he was stuck in love and hymns of the soul was very delicious at a time when we lost the appetite for life, God blessed Dr. Ayman and God gave him life, health and thought to find us more, so whoever tasted the senses of death here and spoke to the prison owners talk of soldiers no Has nothing more?
The hotel is comfortable close to the door of the harem visit. Helpful staff, service acceptable, good location. Hygiene needs to bother more
. I thank all reception staff, thank all bus drivers for their good services and morals, and I thank the buffet crew for the good smile and all the staff for their unspeakable services and ethics ..
How can you, Buthaina, make me swallow books? . The summit of beauty, the summit of beautiful pain, was so painful that I smiled with pain and did not feel it. Her words are dramatically crazy. I wander between letters. I would like to keep your alphabet inside my head and see the world, the sky, and the colors as your letters. I felt you under my skin, how I did it. Done in hours of high fun
They said: shout .. a disbeliever heretic. Sahna: Heretic ... an infidel. They said: Shout, let him be killed, we carry his blood in our neck. Let him be killed, we carry his blood in our neck. They said: Go ahead and go. The most vocal and longest passes in the first row. With a faint and loud voice. He goes on to the second grade. . What is poverty? Poverty is not hunger to food and nudity to clothing. Poverty is oppression. Poverty is the use of poverty to humiliate the soul. Poverty is the use of poverty to kill love and sow hatred. Poverty says to the people of wealth. I hate gathering poor people. They wish the blessing will be removed from you. And he says to the people of poverty. If you are hungry then eat all your brother&#39;s meat. God tells us: Be loved loved ones. And poverty tells us: Be hateful and hated. I hate ... hate ... hate. This is the saying of poverty
A pleasant travel. I liked everything. Few lifts. There are no balcony sessions
Great hotel. Great arrangement, cleanliness and services. Breakfast is excellent.
How kind I see you better. The location of the kitchen is located in the majority of the shops near the grocery store. Cleanliness of the ovens is old, the daily cleanliness of the rooms without reception does not answer the phone
Oh, wonderful Saud .. Oh, the sharpness of memory, the depth of the letter, the transparency of feeling and speech. I would not like it to end .. from the coming mice, from the spread of the plague, and from the abhorrent racism that we have been sucked from the earliest days of our nails ... Saud writes with his heart, with his wound, in his deep awareness of the difficult situation, and of what will happen to him, our future full of blood, war and death, devoid of spiritual and material peace , Everything indicates the arrival of mice, and their spread everywhere .. Saud&#39;s genius style, his transfer from time to time, writing about a page he talks about only one day, the intelligence itself .. My mother Hessa, Fahd and Ayoub, and Fawzia, Hessa al-Saghira and Chick. Characters that solve a large part of your sky, you will not forget them, you will not forget the mice, or Abdel Karim Abdel Qader, you will not forget the love of Fahd Lah Beyond, or aggressive, Abbas and Saleh ... every part of the novel carries with it a surprise, every part of it carries with it love and war at the same time and this is what urges you to continue more. For every breeder, for every official, for every influence, lethal racism, and mice are coming.
A beautiful book, and more than wonderful. Enjoy me, inform me, and be happy that there is a writer who succeeded in describing the basis of the problem between men and women and the points of difference between them in a neutral, objective and realistic way.
Summary of thought and creativity:
An old book of experiences that can be a rule forever
Great hotel. All in all I liked the comfort, cleanliness, and quiet location. There is no head covering for bathing and personal hygiene equipment
Clean and excellent hotel. Staff cooperation and hotel cleanliness. The lack of taxi on the site forced to stand a lot
A good experience. Busy response to the campus. Everything is perfect
Almost this was the first book bought, but it was not the first book to read ... Hitler in itself is an inspiring personality ... But whether we agree or agree we are a dictator ... I liked the book, saying to Hitler about the importance of reading ... He would say that the person reading Daa ... his fate is a need of the two ... O People&#39;s Assembly. Mental hospital. And in relative terms is a model of a person who was sleeping in the Vienna Gardens, meaning a vagabond and communicating. And he remains a German chancellor, neither with him nor in his midst. But in his mind he communicated ... a model that I respect.
Painful ..
Exceptional. The place is great and overlooks the lake. The crew is excellent.
The summary of this book is not to give your mind to anyone else .. and do not make your mind rigid without thinking, research and measurement
An integrated film for the family, a comprehensive film, a symbol of success in every sense of the word, because it contains everything the viewer needs to enjoy the movie, comedies, romance, songs, action, colors, humanities, values, and the most important idea of their content is the respect of a woman, whether from her family, her father or even her lover in addition to The film is said to be from clean cinema, as it does not contain any scratching scenery of modesty, whether verbal or sensual .. SRK has proven that he really belongs to the cinema of all kinds and in my opinion it has defeated all Hollywood actors and Arab films as well and he deserves all the crazy love that he has One of his fans worldwide, especially Egypt .. I attended the first show, and the hall was full of people’s interaction. It was terribly hard. The length of the movie. Laughter. Laughed. Laughed and ritualized with the songs. Especially at Hatta. DGL. We all sat down. Nobody was tolerant of the scenes of Shah Rukh Khan, and all the spectators cried about the strength of SRK&#39;s performance, and he was horrified by the performance ... I advise everyone to go to see the film because it is actually better than the Egyptian films, which are less than the required level at present, and I hope that King Khan Shah Rukh movies will continue to be shown in Egypt ...
Philosophy .. Depression .. sarcasm = Anis Mansour Genius to an unbearable degree
excellent . Everything, thank God.
Excellent service and cleanliness at an affordable price. The free breakfast is lovely, and the transportation service between housing and the campus is excellent .. and the price is right.
Wonderful. Very nice and comfortable accommodation and lovely reception. But Wi-Fi is very high value
In this daily biography, we travel with the hours of the day of the Prophet, may God’s prayers and peace be upon him, as if we lived with him with the simplicity of the great life, the spontaneity of serious life, the balance between the life activities, and the integration to fulfill the needs. , Friend ... How I wished my birth was during his reign, God&#39;s prayers be upon you, my beloved, O Messenger of God.
Peace and mercy of God . Proximity to the Noble Sanctuary .. Needed to renovate the furniture so that it fits the stars hotel.
Abdul-Wahab Mutawi, may God have mercy on you ... What would have happened if the universe was filled with his wisdom? The book is human stories in which pain, loyalty and many human feelings are engraved letters in this book ... It is nice to see tales of people who have been patient ... people who loved ... clarified ... and people sold .. to learn in your life from them ... and to see the wisdom of the Almighty in The heart of life fluctuated .. To give you the response of Abdul Wahab Mutawa, wasting your confusion ... Support them after God in their calamities ... And for you to master a lesson ... They called him the owner of the merciful pen and I find in his response the warmth, mercy, eloquence and wisdom that was absent from us ... A beautiful book made me cry And I am glad .. and most importantly, I dig my mind lessons that I will not forget.
Mahmoud says / In the world only they understand Einstein&#39;s theory, I certainly did not become the number after reading this book .. But my belief has deepened in God and the weakness of man, and I realized why God forbade us actions that we see with our eyes beautiful and enjoyable while they are in the real face of them are malicious and reprehensible, and I saw with my own eyes A short ceiling that limits our minds and prevents them from knowing the absolute truth .. Relativity teaches that we know nothing and do not spend anything, and that we are weak delusions in a time that we do not live. We do and because our minds are too short to reach ... Einstein, shake Infidel faith taught me ..
good. Everything is clean, the smell is beautiful, and the staff are helpful. The price is different from the site where a tax riyal has been increased for each room. The ceiling of the kitchen leaks water from the bathroom on the upper floor, but the fix was done quickly
The reader of the book cannot finish it unless he is filled with admiration by the writer Mr. Abdul Rahim Badr, and I claim that this writer, if not the only one at the level of the Arab world, is one of the few who can provide very complex scientific information in this simplified and wonderful way .. The book simply explains What is the theory of relativity and in a way of wit and gentleness is impressive. He did not enter into scientific details except to the extent needed by the non-specialist reader .. All salutations to Albert Einstein .. And all salutations to Professor Badr .... I ask God to bless his life if he is alive and to put this book in the balance of his good deeds, and to bless us with more more One of the owners of this truly distinguished composition school
Abu Mish&#39;al . The hotel is very beautiful. Parking and Wi-Fi
Exceptional. . Wi-Fi The rooms are supposed to be open and free .. and no other internet service charges apply.
A hotel to be admired. . Everything in the hotel is excellent .. Maybe the price of parking is high by one hour riyals, but these are the prices for the central area around the campus.
A book that needs to have information before you read it ,,. It made him feel heavy, prolonged his reading time, and his difficulty increased
He went without getting tired. I liked the reception staff’s understanding of the requirements of the guests with the quality of the rooms and the amenities of the hotel .. Confusion when the staff received the cars of the guests in front of the hotel entrance because of the crowded delivery and receipt of the car, they are excused because the heat is sometimes tired.
The second book of Amr Salama, after his first book, is a young man who has a booth, which is no less amazing than him .. Messages that bear a deep goal and meaning .. fun.
Exceptional. . Department of transportation for campus hygiene reception
The only book I have read several times:
good. Views of the sanctuary and Kaaba frequent lifts. The Internet is not free, tight to the bathroom
Women but ... Nour says that there is a third type of mankind ... it is mothers: a gender that can perceive what others may not ... with a heart that carries with it maternal feelings there are many, many. Many events and personalities discover the light of what is in their hearts and pour it into our hearts by feeling, hurting, crying and laughing with them. In the novel, the father advised his daughter with a beautiful advice, saying to her, as Nour says: Life is impossible and you see walking on it alone ... Hell is also that you walk in it with a different limit from you ... someone has to hold his hands and accompany him and there is no common need between you .... End Noor&#39;s words. A saying in the core and touching a large reality in the area of each of us, but there are those of us who are forced to walk alone in the view of life and reach out, touching another hand in his imagination and raising their head to the sky hoping .... In the novel another saying that I liked about that humans who do not have the ability to express What is going on within them is intense ugliness that hurts those around them: No love. It also says about separation with death:. Heaven may be truly wonderful, but the separation remains a great hell. Yes ma&#39;am, some parting is pure hell. Waiting for new novels of Nour Abdul Majeed. I also hope to be able to find Diwan: Cinderella is back barefoot
Smooth and elegant style:. A book for all groups ..
Exceptional. The location, calmness and respect of the staff and all guests.
Exceptional. . More water games needed
The sweetest thing in this book is that the one is looking up from a place to a place with the same brain and does not feel that it is another person or a heart on another need regardless of the needs of this, but it is a book of fatty books that when one concludes it feels that it benefited or touched him with a specific need or condition but we Actually the others, but I ended up according to others who deal with them or others who deal with others with them. The important thing is that we are others, even for ourselves.
Wonderful. A bus for the hotel every quarter of an hour for free to and from the campus and the hotel, as well as SAPTCO buses. The cost is only two riyals for a person. Bed sheets and duvets, some of which have small stains that need cleaning or change
A light, brief, very fun book, and other benefits
Great book and sends optimism
The language is beautiful .. its beginning is not so, but after that, I started strengthening more and more, especially in the part of the conquests .. The death of Khaled and Abu Ubaidah, may God be pleased with them, as a result of me solid .. Opening Egypt helped me very much because I love history mainly and started thinking about reading history books in particular about The topic is .. The topic of the novel is a suitable story, as a start in writing, as the first novel that is more than wonderful and hard. A light and delicious novel
Exceptional. Comfort, calm, good treatment. High price
The taste of death. Before I started reading this narration, the Qur’anic verse that says every soul tastes death died, but rather you will pay your wages for your day on the Day of Resurrection. Whoever comes out of Hell and enters Heaven has won, and what is the life of the world, but the pleasures of vanity? Somewhat large in size and excess sadness in the depths, I imagine death staring in my eyes smiling and laughing at the many that I plan to reach, and he knows that moment he will take me from the arms of life, he may leave me a little wandering and then suddenly cry me, this is how we are in this life we praise In it, with all its contradictions, until that day comes In it and we go away to the pit of nothingness .. Ayman Al-Atoum sets out in his novel entitled In the beginning, the vision in which he chronicled in a beautiful narrative way was the beginning and end of a stranger reading to the moon, and how he swims in the sky, staring into the void sometimes, and at other times smiling at night for the beautiful calm after sleep Everyone, until he got up to write that beautiful phrase on the wall | If you cannot die | as many as you want, you have to throw yourself in the pit of nothingness .. and I have nothing from God for you. In this passage he talks about his grandmother’s illness and how he shaped the moment in which he said a beautiful saying which is summed up in the fact that it doesn’t have to reveal about itself, alone stands in the presence of the deniers without the need for any evidence, the characters of the truth are more informed than all the sayings, and sadness is a tree watered by the water of loneliness and brought up Away from the sun. And he referred to his aunt whom he loved and who stole death and who did not leave him as a friend or a beloved, all this happened after he forgot that death does not forget anyone, and he concluded the paragraph by indicating that the grandmother began to improve her condition .. who has passed away knows. We are a feast ready for death, so he said, and thus he tells us through this passage about his overwhelming feelings during the death of his grandmother, who stormed him until he created an ontological symphony that filled a large coffin of questions. Is life a death or death a life? Who precedes the other and which is the door? Which is the basement? Which one leads to the other, when we came to death or from life, and when we left it behind, we returned to death or to the life that we came from? Is death justice or a felony? If it was Adalah, why should he choose the most beloved of people in our hearts ....? .. A village that was safe and reassuring. In this passage, he talks about his old and beautiful memories with his grandmother, who for him was like magic in his heart that equals the magic of the sun when he touches the sleeves of a flower that concerns openness, and between the strange event that happened to him with the strange sheikh who terrorized him to the point of fainting and then disappeared as if not ... The Damned Tree. In this passage he talks about his memories of the cursed tree and about the days of his existence and his grandmother, at this moment it flows into my memory as it is not hidden to every child who knew his grandmother, when we went to visit our grandmothers and did not return from their arms except we are full of everything from what our grandmothers give us until our glory The harshest extent, grandmothers really are the legend that children love to travel to every day and every moment, then he went back to ask his grandmother to ask about the tree and its relationship with Sheikh Ali and the strange sheikh and its secret because despite the grandfather&#39;s story to him about him he was not convinced nor satisfied, then the grandmother knew the hidden secret of his fear then She probed the depths of it, as a medicine for him, as was the spirit of Nun with all the sick .. P Top of the mountain was punishment. In this passage, I will go on to talk about his smart sister Sumaya, who is characterized by her lightness and her almost miraculous memory, and she is a hero in the sense of the word for what she possesses courage, and this is what made a confident jealous of her and envies her for what is distinguished by her, then the interest of the whole family in toxicity and neglect is .. Our last joys. He went on to talk about his sister Sumaya, then referred to Qasim who has the sweet voice that conquers all hearts while he is calling and reciting the Qur’an, then he returned to tell us about his journey with Sumaya and his grandfather, to discover through this journey many things, including those words that have a broader depth of the universe It is the word poetry, but the vortex of jealousy and the feeling of neglect forgot it because Sumaya was his girlfriend, but at the same time he returned to express his love and affection for his sister more than anything in the world, and he does not realize the meaning of life except with her, and concluded the paragraph by referring to food ... The most beautiful food, Ayman Al-Atoom and I read this novel .. We also bring out the dead. Through this title, I find myself from the dead, where the novel brought me from the darkness of boredom to the sea of pleasure, adoration, suspense, and eagerness to dive into the sea of reading, which I never guarantee of swimming in ... This paragraph is the episode that woke me from my slumber, to sail me to a confident and toxic world to kill a snake Boredom of our lives and expel the danger away to nothing .. My mother closed her eyes and put two coals in their place. Oh, this vicious paragraph that steals from the readers ’hands is a beautiful and wonderful personality like Sumaya, so we have always been with us, not satisfied that we will leave them, but fate wills whether we like it or not ... Ayman, dazzling this high speed, we liked us in Sumaya to kill her with the same wealth, as if you like to play strings Our feelings, just as death loves, will be artistic in choosing endings ... dreams choose their victims. This passage came to take us to the gloomy world after the death of Somaya, then to tell us a little bit about the hunter father, who is very well known as the hunter of monsters, and this is through his night adventures in the woods .. Whoever wants to hold on to the posture must stop his heartbeats. On the impact of the will, the powerful make themselves and protect them from drowning in delusions ... Then the anthem of the hunter sank in the woods, where a person is equal to the animal, and where the words of Thomas Hobbes make me clear: A man is a wolf for his fellow human being. Thomas Hobbes Here the wolf is a human being to his brother the wolf This is what really happens when one of the wolves dies it grieves and cries towards the moon to express its great sadness ... The tragedy of death was very harsh in this paragraph .. The age sheet fell into the well of time. This paragraph tells us about that intimate friendship between a confident and beautiful after introversion and isolation was the most prominent title in his scholastic life, to conclude with their separation after reaching university life that led each one to another path ... I quote for you something beautiful from this paragraph and from it :. His friends are many, but they were not human, they were books. From the other form, the universe or people? . We are looking for the summit or for ourselves? Here in the summits the self becomes visible and feels, I hope that our goals will be higher than the existing ones, then we will invent our own peaks. . When does a person die? Man dies, my friend, if he is implanted in the abyss and thinks that he sits on top, he dies if his heart does not use a station of consideration, he dies if he does not see a drop of dew in the early morning on the jasmine leaf, he dies if he joins the breathless herd behind a handful of barley, dies if he loses wisdom... . Bring your heart, boy. Bring your heart to you, boy, perhaps after the ravages of loneliness, love will envelop you from every side, then you will be tormented and descended ... a fun paragraph hmmm .... whoever loves two lives. Love becomes a kind of prison if lust moves it, and space becomes absolute freedom if chastity drives it. She does not blind eyes, but blind hearts. Let us all praise a little in the sea of this great divine verse, it is a verse that takes you from the roots of blindness towards a beacon of light, shakes your soul, shook and humiliates the hearts, overwhelms your self and guides us towards awakening so that the divine light that never blinds .. whoever loves two lives never lives, He is born twice, has gone through existence, and once was stunned by this existence. Why do you read this novel, Idris? I read for the closest distance and live more than a life ... In this poverty I lived beautiful moments surplus with great feeling, but I ask myself what is this madness, Ayman? One moment steals you from your life and gives you another life, and the flame of love, as well as a distance in which you cross a series of questions, evoking who invaded the heart at first sight .... and you do not know the same what you gain tomorrow. With Mona again, where he broke his words :. Love dies in silence and reveals itself, and now it has become obsolete and imagination has returned to revive its grandfather again, but more effectively this time .. We are both sick with the other. We are both sick with the love of the other and the red rose, testifying that his blood became her blood from the first moment ... bullets before words. The struggle for the free. If blood shed blood waterfall ... If the heroes locked us. We do not sell homelands ... and we love fighting. ............ Jaén follows follows his hands. He shakes hands with the enemy of the people. God&#39;s wrath descends on him. His money from us is not war. The eyes of the devotee are blind in the beloved of Hiola .. This paragraph tells of that student struggle against murder and violence that takes place in the Arab countries Palestine, Lebanon, and Lebanon, and he was confident of the leaders alongside Wael, and whenever he shouted a sentence, it was as if he was playing in the heart of his beloved a memorable song .. All paths ahead are blocked. Today also Thursday, as I read this narration, especially this paragraph, where most of its events took place on the same day, but before that happened the tragedy that led to the imprisonment of one day and the last of days occurred, then sealed it with his meeting with beauty, what is wrong with this paragraph is that it did not address the use of the phone Mobile as a means, how can the two lovers have a phone number for each other, how did you neglect this, Ayman al-Atoum? .... not in the bereavement is more difficult than absence. In this passage he talks about his journey with Jamal to the sea, where I did not know whether Jamal actually drowned or whether he was sure who drowned him with his imagination? .. He who sold himself for the sake of dignity bought it. This is how he moved to tell us the tragic story of Ghaida, who tells herself to the next, a witness to the free world, then his meeting with his beloved Mona, then goes on to present his beautiful literary way and uses the gentle, fresh terms that lead the soul to sail in a beautiful world called love .. love reason . Turned to the sit-in
Excellent . Excellent. Nothing is perfect
Exceptional. Excellent in all respects. Songs at the time of prayer in the outdoor arena, lack of variety in breakfast and lunch, prices are high
Excellent book, as usual, Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq
This book made me feel better, I returned a second child
Distinctive hotel. The truth of the hotel is very special, its location is very special, the crew is very special, and all the services are special. I tried to get a defect in the hotel, and only the price is less
The book is wonderful and wonderful ... simple language, chain ideas, and a clear goal .. all of them make this book a valuable collection of pages that enrich and enrich the mind .. the book starts and ends with the idea of rejecting authoritarian, deaf and realizing the mind according to the will of God .. the title in the Qur&#39;an and Sultan .. gives A deep message about the hardening of the religion of God and his book for the sake of power and control .. The spread of black and white thought .. And whoever is with me on the helm of faith and whoever opposes it is swaying as infidels. The titles of the chapters are clear and accurate .. And the transition between them supports floating understanding .. Repeated, repeated citations give a beautiful taste to the lines .. It seems intuitive and basic to people .. This book talks about the origin and the chapter .. and how we should and should be ..
The novel is fantastic
A pleasant stay and I want to repeat the visit, God willing. Thank you. Psychological comfort and quiet and the price is very nice and good, the breakfast is delicious and the staff are friendly, helpful, and nice. The internet is not good, the lunch buffet is not mixed, and the view is inappropriate
Shadow government of Munther Al-Qabbani. In fact, I enjoyed reading every one of its pages .... I will not speak about the events of the novel mixed with historical facts. But this type of narration strongly attracts me to read it. In the novel, the history of the past related to the events of the present and the future vision in addition to the presence of the element of suspense and ambiguity is strongly gathered in the sequence of events and narration of historical information in an important era from the end of the Ottoman Empire and the hidden goals of what the writer called the shadow government and highlighting it ... all this made the novel A unique painting, personally pleased to reflect on its aspects and to go into its details. The writer&#39;s style liked me frankly. It depends on the suspense in the narration, in addition to the transition between two dates and two epochs that are related to each other in one way or another. The shadow government of Munther Al-Qabbani. I advise everyone to read it. Do not hesitate and judge it yourself
Rooooooooooooooooooo and I enjoyed it very much !!
.... When you dig into the heart of pain in search of a smile of hope. She arrives to her, and she does not know how to cry for his pain, or to rejoice in the hope of a better tomorrow that she had foreseen from the journey .. This is how Radwa Ashour was creative, so was Al-Tantooriya:
Comfortable and clean. . Breakfast included
For nearly years, I have been a regular customer of this hotel. Cleanliness, good reception, the fastest check-in and check-out procedures, transportation to the campus more than wonderful and around the clock ,. Breakfast was not varied as usual, but a few items of shampoo and bath foam did not rise to the level of Meridian hotel written on the site of Bukking that there was a microwave in the room and it was not actually present
A very, very enjoyable book, which is rich with information about the history of reading .. I think anyone who loves to read should read this book .. The rest of the star I surrounded, because of ms in some chapters.
Exceptional. He is in the same mall of the Emirates. Entrance from the street when using the car is bad, the hotel lobby and concierge services are bad
I enjoyed reading the book very much ...... As for his criticism, I think it is right that a controversy remains on him like a new style and not much. It will encourage that religion is covered in a literary form, but no one can deny the writer&#39;s wonderful style and his fertile imagination .... Seeing me for the most stories I liked what I understood from it: Show me ..... Half a grain of God’s light is enough to destroy our human form and destroy our mental system. So the soul was superior to the mind ... The martyr ..... evil is a necessity to exist ... evil is subject to the command of God but it is disobedient in itself ... and the grace of repentance ... the postman ..... wealth of mind expels the richness of luck:. I am death ... I did not understand what is meant by it well ... Did I mean that I am the girl with her indiscretion and her minimal trifles is death for thought, meditation and philosophy ..... Or death is the inevitable truth that is the desired end of life .. ... or that death sometimes saves us. The world was ... an innovative story from the writer&#39;s imagination that expresses the nature of the origins of the human psyche and the devastation it contains and what it carries from the spirit of God and the dominance of the two of them ..... Fertile and ill-thought writer about women. The state of birds ..... have you seen an insatiable bird .... wisdom .... do not believe everything you see. In the year of a million ... ... when the heart died .... We do not want to be but human beings even if we pretended the opposite ... the strange invention ..... when the future turns into a past ..... the unseen is exciting ... to expect everything or nothing ..... live and be surprised..this will give you a motive for the love of immortality .. miracles and dignities .... for the miracle the price of our father. A woman who overcome Satan .... a wonderful story ..... the pleasure of virtue wins .. a conference of love .... let it be said, I love you, and enough In the gang toast .... are you an atom world ?? How many days have I said, comrade ????. Your highness does not necessarily mean the sanctity of what you do ... the happiest couple ..... Sometimes the path to the husband&#39;s heart ... is light-hearted:
Very good book
The best hotel I stayed in. The service is great and the quality of the hotel compared to other hotels in the clock towers is excellent. There is no
Exceptional. Wonderful handling by the crew, right on the beach, close to everything.
Exceptional. crew. Floor carpet cleaner
A symbolic and profound novel in a likable way to the reader does not feel bored or bored when reading it ...... The first literary work of Kabe completed it with one night and I am ready to read it a second time, an influential novel.
Awesome book:
I have investigated honesty before God in everything I have written. The hotel is new and its location is very excellent, and the attention of the guests is indeed wonderfully felt for the honesty and is characterized by calmness to an imaginative extent and very comfortable in entering and exiting from and to the hotel and there is intense security guarding in addition to the wonderful dealing by all the employees of the hotel and a tremendous speed in responding to communications and requests and service and care to clean the facilities and communication With you on a daily basis to ensure that there are no notes in the breakfast buffet. Very very nice ...: An important point is the presence of a large number of channels in addition to Showtime and encrypted sports channels. The price is very very exaggerated, despite the presence of hotels that match the luxury of the view, wonderful the glass is completely defective, the lack of cleanliness of the glass and the lack of clearness due to the dust and rain deposits on the glass, unfortunately, the price of the mini bar is incredibly expensive and you have to bring water and drinks with you to the hotel, the price of washing and ironing clothes is terrifyingly doubly expensive Unfortunately, it is provocative and you have to wash and iron clothes abroad because you will pay a five-riyal allowance for a piece of riyals, like all of it, because it is a five-star hotel, and it is worth visiting
Interesting diaries and fun excursions that I lived with these beautiful murals and paintings, it was my best time to spend. I am eager to read more and more of it
An interesting novel with a beautiful narrative language. She immersed her beautiful rural details in a language that reminded me of the giant narration of rural Idriss Youssef Idris. The projection in it was clear and frank and the mixing between the stage of the novel and contemporary events added to the novel a lot, although some things would have been better if left without extensive explanation to leave a stronger feeling to the reader. The pleasure of reaching the significance is unmatched. A first novel that foretells a truly distinguished writer without courtesy. Waiting for stronger and more profound works, our beautiful creator
Striking it for many proverbs, classifying it and arranging it gives you a captive with it. I do not see a scholar and do not know God. You don&#39;t find it expensive. It treats diseases that have spread and spread in our time. For example:. Introduction to the book on the merits of the scholars and the reagents that he put about beneficial knowledge and others, as well as his talk about the disclosures with a mighty mind that your brats do not understand. The reader of the book should not take an edition without the graduation of Al-Hafiz Zainuddin Al-Iraqi, who produced the hadiths of revival. Because al-Ghazali described the lack of goods in the hadith, and if requested, there is no doubt that it will be less than Ibn Hajar and the gold .. So hey to your messenger, critic of the revival
Five stars maybe more worthy of Chekhov.
Excellent for family accommodation. Excellent location and close to all services. Excellent cleanliness and speedy response to calm requests. I would highly recommend it for family travelers or with children. There are no slippers in the bathroom, dear God, because of the large population and the height of the Chelsea Tower unites delay in the use of elevators.
My habit is that I do not like to read novels. But this novel changed a lot of my thinking, and how well I accepted to read novels, especially translated ones, and in particular miso novels. This novel is one of the narratives that make you blend in perfectly with it. It makes you cry, laugh, smile, suffer, and be sad. Then a change in the way you think and analyze events .. How can a person live and give everyone his right without slapping him tragically that he is about to die the budget is very difficult, especially if you are panting in search of something you do not know what, all you know is that you want it so badly. Pictures of how people judge each other so harshly, without knowing the other person’s background or motives and the topic seemed really harsh .. The description is great, it makes you feel that you are previewing every scene in front of you .. I also liked the quotes at the beginning of each chapter .. I liked the translation very Grammar and spelling are excellent ... my first reading of Miso and I don&#39;t think it&#39;s the last
The book of a nation alone and its author
Worth reading :
With this book, Amelie jumped to sit in the chair. That I dedicated to the book that I intend to read. More than one work for them .. her language is smooth and her ideas are impressive .. her criticism on the lips of the character is a bashful tash. It made me curse often. Especially when he spoke of women in disgust ... Without my knowledge that the writer is a woman, my opinion would have been totally different .. This is racism for sexual girls and I am proud of that. Thanks ... important. How Amelie was able to maintain a personality. One over two hundred pages without it. There is a conflict and no malfunctions or even. Weakness in her style. How amazing it is .. the novel briefly tells the story of a writer. He has rare cancer. This silly writer. Those with disgusting thoughts flock to him. Journalists provoke the worst of them to expel them. one after another. Until you come. A brilliant journalist to interview him and rob him of his pride ... beautiful and strange. It differs from. All that I read recently is what attracted me the most
Good hotel. I liked the interest of Mr. Mohamed Ghazi in the stay and comfort of the guests of the hotel.
Exceptional. A very comfortable place and staff understood to smile and clean.
A book in all senses of the word, and a beautiful introduction to the concept of secularism, takes you on this profound historical and intellectual journey, revealing the evidence and evidence that unveils this fluid, overwhelming concept of human life today.
The house of the mosque is a novel by the Iranian writer Qadir Abdullah, in which the writer addressed in a smooth and beautiful way the life story of an ancient Iranian family who was sponsoring the house belonging to the mosque and in which one of the brothers’s brothers lived in front of this mosque. Time. From isolating the sheep and Khomeini’s assumption of power and the Iran-Iraq war. All of these events destabilized the family’s interconnected entity, so they dispersed and died from those who died and emigrated from Hajar.
With a lot of fertile imagination, it enters you in a magical, enjoyable and unique atmosphere
Simply ... one of the most beautiful books I have ever read in my life ... from the other:
Exceptional. Treat the crew, location and quiet. The place of the bed for the air conditioner, the refrigerator is empty
A very beautiful novel, I enjoyed reading simple expressions with deep meaning, beautiful phrases that I felt deeply, I added to the novel a beautiful character. Nothing is eternal in life but its chances because it is repeated by an eternal maker. In our lives, two elements dominate everything: ignorance and desire. We are ignorant of things and want them at the same time .. It is wise for knowledge to come first what comes next with the desire that you want. Unity, as happiness, comes from us, not the other
Family comfort and fun. Wonderful.
Thanks to the writer Ahlam for this beautiful work
His way of connecting all people in one person was a masterpiece of a book that is more than wonderful. It would be very beneficial for him if he was his village, and he would walk with him in life
Abras remains ... the best story collection I have ever read in my life ... so it is greater than anything I can write
Any book I read and events take place in Iraq, I try to avoid it as much as possible because my heart is unbearable .. Yes, I can never bear to re-read what happened in that great country .. The novel is one day in the life of two different and contradictory characters, but the narrator&#39;s style will not make you feel It has never been that all events happen in one day because he will take a journey between the present and the past to learn about the lives of these two characters .. I salute Professor Sinan for this beautiful narration that hurt me and touched my heart with sincerity, spontaneity, and a smooth and simple style ..
Good but the furniture is old and needs to be refurbished. Close to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. One of the reception staff bothered me by his dealings with me
Excellent stay at Dar Al Taqwa. View of the sanctuary and proximity to it, excellent room, excellent wifi, excellent breakfast .. nothing
Wonderful. My flight was postponed, so I needed a hotel near the airport to rest for several hours. Some may complain about the lack of private parking or the small size of the room, the bed, the TV and the toilet, but remember that it is a quiet, economical, clean hotel and an excellent location close to Deira City Center. The login did not take minutes, the bed is small but comfortable .. I called before Reservation The employee told me that there was no room available, but I was able to book through. .
Good and near the sanctuary with class tower adjacent to Zamzam Towers. A special offer for buking at the price, the presence of a chapel in the same hotel, and the resignation staff, especially Brother Seif, thanked him. Breakfast buffet and Wi-Fi is not free
I finished it in two days. I don&#39;t know how I ended it so fast. Its splendor, its easy language, or its attractiveness, which I don&#39;t know where it is. In the end, I cannot say that there is anything special about this novel, but it is amazing, impressive and attractive
Ambiguity, dazzling, suspense, horror and romance when all are mixed, this combination of elements constitutes a narration for us by Hassan Al-Jundi .. After divorce of all the Egyptian novels, headed by Ahmed Murad, I still keep the work of Ibn Al-Jundi, despite the negative points that I found in his work, but I I can&#39;t stop reading everything new to him. The black points in this work are the same as the new ones that befall the novel:. A prominent presence of the vulgar characters that are useless to please attract adolescents, and in this way, Ibn Al-Jundi is equal to the rest of the new Egyptian writers who rely mainly on the axes of these personalities .. When vulgar personalities are available, this means that the aggression is present and strongly despite the reservation of Ibn al-Jundi, but it does not remain on What the public does not want such. She writes as if it was a movie and not in a literary form devoted to horror. The presence of heinous errors in the conversations, for example, he talks about a good personality, and then he enters another name that is not good. This mistake has been repeated more than once .. I hope that the method will change. He has the talent, so why obey the current wave?
Exceptional. Excellent for money.
Excellent hotel in terms of size and proximity. Tools available in the room.
Wonderful .... with the most amazing view. The room has a beautiful view and an excellent size. I highly recommend staying there. Slightly crowded Not having parking for the duration of my stay Parking is very difficult in front of the hotel I took a coupon for the wrong parking
Abu Dhabi Experience. Quiet and the security system inside the hotel is more than excellent and the park service and others ..
Saudi . . No
Exceptional. Thank you, everything is great and comfortable, and the reception is more than wonderful.
A bloody trilogy struggle, slaves became masters, dear ones became humiliated, and the weak became strong, those words reveal to us the backbone on which the story of this part of the series of sexual vampires struggle with werewolves, which lasted long ago without human knowledge of the matter, This part enters humans as a third party in that conflict. Abusive slaves are the werewolves that vampires ridiculed in the beginning to protect them during the day and they are now masters conducting experiments on vampires in order to benefit and develop their gender, and vampires after they were dear masters of the matter deteriorated and became experimental mice Are threatened With extinction, the weak previously were the humans who recently revolted against the other sexes after knowing their truth and launched cleansing campaigns to get rid of them permanently. She discovered her liberation by another unknown person, she also discovered the anthropology of the existence of vampires and werewolves and began a massive cleansing operation against them, but all this did not interest her and did not hinder her search for her beloved Michael, who is a unique hybrid of the vampire and werewolf factions. Her sleeper is her daughter Eve, who also has enormous abilities inherited from her father Hybrid, Michael, but she does not know what is the real reason behind the emergence of the werewolves strongly and their quest to get Eve at any cost, but the maternal instinct buried in the heart of everyone who still beats his heart with life Celine creates a monster who does not have compassion to defend her daughter even if her life is in return. From my point of view, this part was distinguished by several things, the most important of which is the lack of marginalization of the human race and its entry as a major party in that conflict, which revolves around the world created from the beginning for humans. By intensifying the events and the harmony in their sequence, which makes you eager to know the upcoming event, all this along with the feature that earns the movie points that were not available in its previous parts. Finally, I would not recommend watching this movie for those under the age of one because it will not realize the concept of this type of science fiction, as well as the scenes with heavy blood and brutality that increase the story realistic and serious in that ongoing conflict between all its parties.
God blessings on Muhammad and on his family and companions
Wonderful ... simple style and deep meanings ..:. I liked this phrase: Injustice, at the beginning of the world, was very trivial, but every generation added to it from what it had, considering that the matter is not important, and look where we are now.
It is forbidden to take stars, and forbidden to take stars. The book is great, and of course Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud Shamshig originally needed comment or criticism. But the two problems are the book on important topics, including mashmalash, including, for example, the polygamy of the Prophet ... For example, the purpose of the Islamic conquests ... Needs that were among the causes of atheism and were supposed to be included in the book ... so that a comprehensive book remains in an easy and simple way as usual, Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud
If it was at the end of the novel, its value would be born with stars. I hate open ends
And do not seek to escape. The favorite poem remains:
Excellent. I liked the dealings of all the employees without exception, and I liked the wonderful location of the hotel and the clean and upscale hotel furniture. The lack of barber and shops in the hotel
A very beautiful book, although it is not long, convincing, rational,
The rest and beauty of the place rested. Breakfast was not tried .. the bed was very comfortable. I didn&#39;t like everything. It was beautiful.
Simple and beautiful book, I concluded it in two hours. There are words that you feel and feel that you are like his characters. There is no link other than the time factor and a friend, and this was a beautiful thing .. Events in Tariq I did not feel bored, in which parts I could not feel the dialogue between the characters because of the language, and this is the only thing that could get me out of the merger. I also read two of the three books, and both times your style attracted me that I did not write the book other than I am sincere .. Greetings for your style that does not make you bored to read and helped me in this book to overcome that there is no strong plot, but the speed of transfer between the characters let me enjoy your writing.
Please the guest. Calm and meet requests. nothing
I don’t know why I cry when I see one of them being alone at the end of a novel even though this thought preoccupies me and I think that loneliness is the best. I love soft shackles, and I hate sadness associated with loneliness. As if this novel was written for me as the Holy Aura has written for me. I hope to benefit from them and put my fear a little bit until I see the picture clearly. God reward you
The book is very wonderful, in which the writer got involved in talking about his life. He started from his upbringing in Damanhur and went on to join the university, then he sent him to the United States and we find in the book a comparison between some aspects of life in Egypt and foreign countries. The book also shows that the Egyptian family has not changed over the ages:
Docked knight. Hado, the good reception, there is a chapel, this is the most important thing. Maintenance of air conditioners
Sweet but very short
good. . Wi-Fi is not available in rooms
At some point in fragility we call it mature, we are neither optimistic nor pessimistic, we quit passion and nostalgia, and name things with opposites, from the excess of confusion over the matter between form and substance, and we trained a feeling of calm thinking before revealing. Looking back, to know where we are from us and from the truth, we ask: How many mistakes have we committed? Are we late to wisdom? We are not sure of the correctness of the wind, so what does it benefit us to get to anything late, even if someone is waiting for us at the foot of the mountain, and invites us to a prayer of thanksgiving because we arrived safely ... not optimists or pessimists, but late
Excellent. Calchee is excellent .. Insurance is a hotel of size and luxury, which is not required to request insurance
I used to hate romantic novels, but this novel loved it and was affected by it very much. I was sad for his return and cried for the end. I expected it to have a better end, but always the stories of love end up like this. How did he come? Or rush to him to calm down his heat and extinguish his darkness?
Always and never brings me stories of the guidance of Islam and raises my faith ... and makes me feel how little I am in front of these .... and this writer is one of them. Their way of thinking .... the hardships and challenges they faced .... But what I see in them, which we do not feel because of the numbness perhaps, is God&#39;s guidance to them. He did not abandon them. How did they get it? . I stand ashamed in front of her because of my community, who was almost fascinated by it had it not been for God’s preservation. It was my community that has become foreign to his religion, even if he carries his name and slogans…. ... Then they come and speak in their religion words and phrases that denote only ignorance that no one imagines. I am ashamed of her sincerity ... honesty ... you will find it in every word ... in every letter I have written in this book .... you will find Quranic verses scattered in the pages of the book ... and I found it prominent and vibrant as I had not found before. There are other things but I will not go on too long ... ... a book made up for the simplicity of its style. You must read it ... until you know what I mean
The book may not be a definitive reference for answering the big questions it raises, but it is undoubtedly a profound simplification of deep meanings. This book is a precious gift for any teenager in his early teens.
Best stay ever If you want a better stay in Edinburgh then go there Eileen is the perfect example of the kindness of Scots. The Victorian Village House is a few minutes&#39; walk from the city center, so it is really easy to find it. The rooms were perfect: clean, comfortable and spacious. Note that Glenton Crescent is indeed a quiet place so you will not be disturbed. And if I wanted to describe breakfast with one word, it would be: Delicious Eileen always do it until you feel well ..
An investment for all roles in life with the same positive optimistic. Every workmanship in life has its aesthetic in life and serve the call
With Regency your worries forget. Staff cleanliness keeping up with the hotel Everything is modern despite its old building This building has kept the originality of its style. Tennis court fees Swimming pool
From . . Hotel workers deal with overnight owners
I am saddened by the death of Hassan. I think that this love is impossible. Does Assad love Ghazal? . I am in his place and I never think of such love, I think it is a kind of anomaly ... my own opinion
Novel black and white officers. I liked very much the corruption that exists in the Strip and the uniform in black in white anywhere in the world, but unfortunately the black in the sector has a lot of corruption that is very prevalent and who try to fix a few and if they find they eat from the corrupt, as if the novel is the biggest evidence of corruption in the interior and delusion The state of law that we live in is because most of the people who are supposed to apply the law are the first people to violate it and use it for their personal interests .. Finally, Walid is the one who went out through the sector and a continuous evil and practiced corruption in the place to which he was transferred .. As if we are in a vicious circle of corruption, what goes on and there is no There is no solution to all corruption, and many say that Sharif example of what they are only a few few But I Haevh opposite Elly Ze Sharif states and the vast majority who uniform Walid Bankarzoa .. Internal Cleansing Solution
Lest I fall off the train surface Shake off what is not mine or me
What is the strange common factor between a novel in the court of the caliph by the wonderful Muhammad Ibrahim and between the two brothers&#39; account of Milton Hatoum, which perhaps no one has read in our Arab region? .. is everything or nothing alike. The first talks about Omar bin Al-Khattab and the conquests during the era of Omar and Islam under Omar ... and the second talks about twins of different types and family stories between them. We have often talked about a wonderful idea that appeared in the mind of the author and misunderstood it, as a lamp has spoiled us. I fell in love with it about the inspiring story of a girl freezing waiting for a lost sweetheart in the people of Egypt to just another story about Egyptian corruption and the rise of capital ... but here we are talking about Conversely, when the writer possesses a typical stereotype that has gone crazy and tries with all the tools he can make from it wonderful work with all the ups and downs of drama and retail technique and perhaps magic of language and small smart notes that only an expert sees. We leave Hatoum and Qandil a little and devote himself to Muhammad Ibrahim in his first successful novel ... At the beginning we show a pleasant surprise that this quiet work has had a kind of commercial success and that when the Arab reader offers him a real type of literature he accepts it with passion and that the commercial mix of a novel It bears a strange name and a weird topic that is inspired by the evening movies of American film channels. A model that can be broken sometimes and a lot if we design. When the author finds himself designing a narration on a classic and stereotypical topic of a personality from which the nation’s preachers are not fed up every week .. every time talking about Islam Omar, how did he react when God’s prophet died, Omar’s justice, how did the face of discord close during Omar’s era and perhaps from Dora Omar or his lean donkey as he entered Jerusalem. Here the author resorts to his dramatic tools, including making semi-historical personalities that make him break down from the rhetoric of the historical character itself, and it succeeds a lot in that in the two chapters of the conquest of Iran and Egypt. When we look at the new conquerors with the eyes of the sons of those countries, you will resort to language that increases coordination and innovation of new expressions. And as simple analogies as possible and stylized glimpses that only an expert might see, you will try to resort to the method of cutting scenes and lines to try to find a rhythm to work, especially in long battle scenes. It was well done by Mohamed Ibrahim when he followed the method of dramatic leaps and skipping some story to focus and illuminate the most important parts of the reader and writer, especially in a long biography Mahfouz to the closest successor to the heart of Sunni Muslims in the world. But the limitation that you put in your hand when you decided to write in a biography like that will limit your desire to reveal the secrets of souls, obsessions, dreams and distance from depicting human beings as dramatic two-dimensional models ... and you will discover after a while it is a wonderful novel execution on a very, very typical topic, very Classic, and we will not go beyond and say boring grandfather, and the experienced reader finds a more severe example of what we are talking about when Tawfiq al-Hakim tried to tell the story of the Prophet Muhammad in a short play called Muhammad, peace be upon him: a dialogue biography when the restriction was much narrower so the wise resorted to the method of storytelling And the sticky writers of the biography leave us with one of his weakest works. But our young author managed to get out of his battle with the classics with the least amount of losses he could, and if he did all this in a narrow template issue like this, we can only wait and hope when we see him writing a later work that is freed from the restriction that he set for himself. Note: The novel is more distinct because it is my first experience with buying a legitimate Arabic book, through my books application .. and details of the experience will be presented in a later article. Note: The novel is more distinguished because it is the number-reading book for a year by this writer. Dina Nabil. September
The book is amazing even though it is small, but it made a big change in my life and the way I managed my time and most of it was applied and I did not know what I apply is the mandate and I still return to the book whenever I need to organize more of my time
I will repeat residence. The location of the hotel is close to public transportation, the crew is helpful and services and quickly meet the needs of guests as I requested to change the room and was changed and requested a hair dryer and arrived within a few minutes only, fast Wi-Fi, fast check-in and check-out. Unavailability of tea and coffee facilities and lack of water
I read it on the PDF file the first time, I borrowed the book the second time, and I bought my own version the third time.
Excellent. I liked everything, the comfort and cleanliness of the place deserved five stars.
Wonderful. Breakfast is varied and customer service is good in Shoshone and it is close to campus, restaurants and commercial market. Stacking water in the bathroom floor
good. I liked the Indian tea served in the lobby.
Khafif, his village, in an hour and a half. For the first time, I read the writer Sherine Hinai, who liked her style very similar to that of the genius Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq. I wanted to explain the situation, its description, and its details. Sweet information and region the first time I know about it.
On the day of your departure, a tear fell ... After your departure, I fell ... Give me a little few who sing for many ... Feel me there. The presence that is sufficient for their presence ... Take me completely and leave two words and something from you for your voice ... I look at you and the distance is short, and whenever I walk a step ... I walk in my place. I go toward you without access ... and if I try to pull you to ... I discover that the air wage is frustrating enough. To give me additional opportunities..a transient way that I do not know or an enemy that I do not trust ... I have nothing left that deserves to pity him ... and what remains of me is on his way to frustrate me more ... O voice coming from far away ... from a place he does not see. In your sad voice ... another voice calls out. And in your last call ... a broken question, you answered it with my brokenness and tears ... Give me your hand ... I desperately need it. Your old hand ... you extended it to me the first time. Your hand that patted my shoulder one day ... and dried out when my face needed my tears ... I remember the day I suddenly departed from you I discovered that I am with you ... I tried to take me from you and return to me .. to leave you from me or give me a will ... I began to complain to me and he repeated Your heart ... I am with you ... I am with you ... O distant now. Soon tomorrow .... you ready to come ... soothing my things ... if I come. She is so weak that he breaks it ... half of the absence or hint of farewell ... O near you now. The distant tomorrow .... O ready to leave, I wish you as you leave, return what you took from me and take what you took from you. I prefer to leave me as I was ... no remnants that remind me of me ... nor remnants that remind me of you ... are upset ... of this world and its first I .. This space no longer arouses the desire to breathe. These faces no longer give me hope in life. I have to get rid of me in the nearest paper. I have to bleed a ink and live my pen and I die ... I lost you, then I checked you ... But I passed away and knew I was forever ... I lost you ... and your feelings ... that were a destination for those looking for a homeland ... There are no longer embracing them and no longer The faces of the transients are wrapped in a call ... here you are, after you opened your arm. They stole you ... and as soon as you left your soul in their hands. They denied you ... and left you gathering pieces of your chest. Body parts ... Body parts ... I know that I am far ... that attempts to return are failing ... I know that the dream will not bother me long ... and that despite the desire to come ... I am no longer valid For use ...... half of the face was not without features, but rather full faces. For all our features ..
good. The furniture is new, the crew are helpful. The place is far away, and there is no parking.
The ultimate in luxury. The calm. Narrow the room
My Lord .. The insistence is heavy that my shoulder cannot bear. I know that this was done with your permission and your will .. It would not have happened without your permission and your will, but my family, the mortal, is overwhelmed by what I knew .. And when it was necessary, forgetfulness endowed me .. ignorance gave me ... ignorance .. I relieve some of what I knew, I cannot. Oh, forgetfulness, my Lord or my nation, I forgot to forget, my nation .. I do not have the courage to erase my presence with my hand .. I fear the drunks of death and the punishment of the ungrateful, thanks to you ... Dr. Ahmed is very creative in the novel de:. The best of my readings to him ... but the idea of the evolution of cockroaches to rule the world for one such dress frightens them with a horror film:. For those looking for culture, myths and the West. Really enjoyed
The old facts are valid for surprising..this is the summary of the novel. In this novel, paraphrasing an important period in the history of Egypt, a period of revolution. This period of marginalization and the fallen or deliberately omitted from our memory in some way. The importance of this period lies in the dynamism of everything Egypt, which comes out of an incomplete revolutionary experience for godfathers that resulted in foreign intervention in Egypt. The effects of the First World War in Egypt, Britain&#39;s domination of Egypt and India, and Gandhi in India coincided with Saad Zaghloul in Egypt. A complex relationship between the delegation, the king, and the English. Secret organizations similar to revenge on the British and Homeland allow the sale of opium in pharmacies, permit prostitution, and house the remains of Armenians fleeing the genocide in Syria. A picture of a society completely different in its composition and shape from the current Egyptian society. Ahmed Murad collected all these strings in a wonderful harmony and I see that this novel is the most beautiful writings of Ahmed Murad
How tired of this novel, its events, details and feelings. A novel depicting the eternal struggle between faith and religion. A novel about an innocent love story between a Muslim slave and a Greek nun. Imagine a lover&#39;s revenge for taking away his lover. How does a person live for revenge? What is life like after losing loved ones? How do human convictions and principles change with circumstances and life? In the end, what is faith? Is it religion, is it love, is it blind obedience, is it freedom or slavery ...
Umrah. good behaviour. Reception crowd
In a bright language full of passion, strength, and boldness, Mustafa Mahmoud brings you to the era of comrades; Marx, Stalin, Lenin, Moscow, Aden and Abdel Nasser .. With a very fierce attack and mockery of everything left from political parties to leftist thought, socialism, nationalism and workers to peasants and Nasserite songs and scandal and the book is not free and is a collection of articles from Looking to the future, his opinion is that the major confrontation with Israel and the restoration of the Palestinian right will not take place until after the fall of Gaddafi and Hafiz al-Assad and their likes. Secretions or cleaning the wound before the tumor eradication process .. God is the guardian of every victory. He is the Lord of the mighty, Israel, the Mossad and Nasrallah.
I will not call it a novel but rather a short story, and in spite of that I loved it because it carried a lot of positivity ... Its author was able to guarantee its positions indirectly to the reader that may benefit him in the future in his life if he was exposed to something similar to what Walid presented to the main character.
I will not comment ... something you read that takes all your senses ... It is read in record time by its size. Affect your daily life for a day or two afterwards. :::
The first page of the book attracted me to the point that I did not stop reading it even while driving the car, the rest did not attract me and the book&#39;s attractiveness decreased, but it remains fun overall and has good book nominations, not books, but nominations. Aziz Nessin is the most important thing I took from the book
Good novel Oy. A biography that tells a lot of events in the life story of a hero and all events is overcome by a character of severe depression. When he was in school and in one place he beat and hit the food to grow. University days, demonstrations and love story. Run in the Gulf to avoid two piasters. Their relationship with one foreign and one Egyptian. Film filming project for street children. Good biographical novel of a man who hates life
Excellent and clean hotel. The hotel is clean and has transportation for the campus the hotel for the money is excellent. Connectors previously to the Temple Mount, but now for half the distance and the other half continues to walk
Exceptional. Quite frankly, the accommodation is comfortable, as well as breakfast in the restaurant. There are no downsides
I will keep the view for the time being:
This book is a doctoral thesis presented by the researcher in the thought and life of Abdullah Al-Qasimi ,,, the exciting thing is the transition from defending the strict Salafi Wahhabi approach to the internal critique of Islamic heritage and then to attacking the Arab and Islamic constants on which it was agreed. Al-Qasimi wrote several books that teach human affairs, the value of reason and cognitive emancipation, criticize the Arab mind and its view of God and life, attacked Arab nationalism and political and intellectual tyranny, and it was in his attack that exceeded all expectations and his writings provoked many as they inspired many. Hayya Al-Qassimi remains a unique phenomenon in Arab culture that may not be repeated until now.
Wonderful. The staff is more than amazing. Internet service is intermittent
Excellent . Distinctive accommodation, friendly reception staff and its proximity to all the vital areas near the Mall of the Emirates. The reception metro station is distinctive. Sounds of construction work next to the hotel and limit the Internet to only three devices
Dream Island. The location, the atmosphere, the cleanliness of the rooms and the welcome by the staff.
good. Welcome and good handling. Toilets require tight restoration of external parking spaces, which may cause some scratches on the doors
Excellent. I liked everything. nothing
Exceptional. Comfortable place. There is no
Exceptional. The hotel is beautiful and comfortable. We were surprised by their request for insurance for the amount of the night we booked, knowing that it is not mentioned on the site
good. Location and electronic service inside the room, such as air conditioning control, lights, and the curtain through a touch panel next to the bed ... Breakfast is excellent and varied. The positions are rather narrow ... the staff are somewhat lazy
I like storybook collections whose main title is a comprehensive title of all the book&#39;s content. Dr. Yusuf Idris stunned me by choosing Al-Nadha as the title of this narrative collection. Just as he did in his hero group, where we find in each story a hero .. In the story of the appeal there is Egypt, a call that calls to Fethiye who wants to kidnap her to her pleasures and mazes. In the story of a whispered powder there is a distorted voice behind the wall, a rude want to kidnap our prisoner into a strange world of ecstasy and imagination. In what is greatest hidden there is that curiosity in people&#39;s eyes, a call to people to look at the huge body under the darkness of the cloak how it is. In the concave rank, there is that indifference in the husband’s psyche, a call that calls him to stay in his place for days, months, and even years, to see if the world will change from his absence from it. In the miracle of the age, there is science, a call that the text calls a text in order to penetrate it, so that a person can live in it like the rest of the people. At the point, there is the train, a call, calling our hero to stand before her, which brings about the delicious feeling of passing through him. In the grand process, there is the desire to succeed, a call that calls on our doctor to transcend all logic and science, in order to prove to himself and to the whole world the extent of his ability and ability in his work. Finally, in the story of a constitution, my lady, there is that motherhood and femininity on the one hand, two calls calling for that mother to penetrate into them, each and every one attracts her from one side .. and there is sonship and masculinity, two calls that the boy calls to practice, each one attracts it from one side. Wonderful are these stories, with their creative ideas, and their beautiful flavors. Wonderful is the writer who makes from nothing the biggest thing to be made of. It is true that the writer has gone too far in penetrating sexual matters, but until the end he used appropriate words in his expression, and this is the wonderful thing about his description. I don&#39;t like writing long videos, but Dr. Youssef Idris&#39;s beauty forces me to. However, I will stop here, and I will not talk about each story separately
Very sweet hotel. God is a sweet hotel and I will stay in the future, God willing. The air conditioner is very cold and the entrance and exit location of the hotel streets is messy
Exceptional. Its distinctive location and proximity to the best tourist places.
He is Mahmoud Darwish, the man of the earth, then the earth, then the earth. Fragrant jasmine and lemon scent. The perfume of alienation that prostitute woman who sweeps his nose did not get used to the fragrance of ears and wrinkles of the mother&#39;s hand, grandfather and the earth ... the olive leaves are the most beautiful of Mahmoud Darwish&#39;s poems in the sea of imaginary ripples and poetic reflections ... There is no negative comment Be honest and advise everyone who savors poetry from time to time.
I will definitely not be bored to mention all the details, but in principle for a family vacation the food was amazing, and the room was very clean and comfortable. The beach was wonderful, the swimming pool was perfect, and the day trips were incredible. As for the hotel staff, they were one of the best staff I&#39;ve ever met. Aside from the Italians who were also present at the hotel, it was an unforgettable experience, and I will definitely return there. thank you.
Evaluation . Everything for the amount you paid was excellent. The employee in the parking of the police cars caused my car to be down, and when I wanted to hand it over to the rental company, they transferred me to the police station to report and paid a dirham
Great hotel. Clean and spacious rooms, excellent location and close to all services. nothing
If we knew I could read. But we do not write anything. Or I could write. But we do not leave a character. Or I can paint. But we don&#39;t draw what they understand. Or I can draw what he understands. But leave no trace. Or a color or even a shadow. Or I can leave a mark. But erased is not missing by the Gao. Or not erased ... but a symbol. If we were ... if we knew. We would have lost it, the word ... or the symbol. Mother of puzzles with gas puzzle. Or speaking and non-spoken tongue. And written or unwritten. We lost the treasure logarithm. We lost the hieroglyphs. We lost the code. Code and key. But Ptah. People are still crafted on a pottery wheel. These are not the best parts of this job. But it is more beautiful than three quarters of our modern hair product. Hair you taste according to your mood. I do not think that the poet sits down and decides to write poetry. Except that it has reached a great stage of ability. He also writes according to his mood. Poetry is a translation of thick feelings. At one point, one of those who discovered that they were poets. When I started reading this work yesterday, I felt it was less than necessary. But today, when I started reading it, I used to read poetry. With a voice. Genius appeared to me. The man is a genius and cultured legendary culture. And it is worth reading all his works
It will be my favorite place in the upcoming times. The hotel is very cool. The reception staff treat guests wonderfully, especially Hanan. Wi-Fi is fast, the floor is large, very clean and smells sweet. The beds are very clean. Parking is available inside the hotel. Sweet and exquisite furniture, delicious and varied breakfast. The view of the rooms is normal due to the hotel&#39;s location
Annoyed workers. . I didn&#39;t like the workers&#39; housing, it was near room no. They were annoying their loud voices
What causes the most fear in the same reader is that you make him terrified from his environment .. surround him but he does not see him. I coexisted with the events of this story a lot .. Most of my mind glued to talk about the consort and the place. The excitement factor in this part is much stronger than its predecessor .. The events sometimes deviated in a way that followed my breath ... while I was reading the story and in spite of the horror that I felt, I was hoping it would not end ... I met a lot of sentences that I wished had happened Forge it better ... longingly wait for the third part ...
good. The price for the place. There is an Egyptian employee at the reception, whose treatment is not appropriate for the place
I will repeat the reservation. The hotel is in an excellent location, close to the Dubai Mall. The Wi-Fi is very exaggerated in terms of prices. I hope that they will reconsider it or make it free
good. . Delay, despite pre-booking
The idea is new and distinct ... You mean a story or a situation in this song itself, which is enjoyable ... The most interesting situation that I liked is that of the aunt who was from Damascus was very sweet ...
Experience the Hebronic power
To download the book. : //. . / / ...
The most wonderful description / deconstruction of the Arab mind, with intermittent time
A beautiful book with great thoughts, I recommend reading it:
Very good location. Breakfast is very good. The reception staff and the workers are generally helpful and treated very well. The location of the hotel is very excellent and the downtown bed is comfortable. Honestly, the bathrooms always smell, poor, poor standard of cleanliness, a good smell, the room is smoke, and the hotel has no smoking rooms
A hotel that surpasses the world&#39;s hospitality and generosity. Success has people who appreciate its meaning, and for creativity people reap it, so we appreciate your blessed efforts. You are people of thanks, appreciation and generosity, so we must appreciate you. You have all the praise and appreciation from us, headed by Sheikh Ibrahim Al-Khulaiwi, His Excellency the Hotel Manager and Assistant General Manager Samir Al-Hamidani. Thank you very much for your understanding and for all that you have given me, your understanding and your appreciation for the problem that happened to us on Friday, the speech is unable to express you and how much I thank you, I repeat my duo and thank you.
I am older and this is my life, long, heavy and incomplete..because I have not died yet..but she is mature..maybe bad sometimes..but that does not mean that I was bad ... Forty did not tell her but I am about to do so..and I repeat what The longest of my life ... I am older ... but have I matured to the extent that my life deserves ..?. I don’t know .. All I know now is that it was my life and that happened .... Amount of sadness ... Amount of fear.. Amount of anxiety..This is how I felt when I read this book..I understood what the writer feels as though she talks about what is inside me ... Really she is amazing..but what struck me that what I wrote is a fact that the majority evades ..And it means to live and live..what do we want .. ??
Frankly, an experience worth repeating again. The apartment was super. The pictures on the site are real. The cleanliness in the apartment is excellent. The staff are friendly and excellent. There is enough free parking. Near to the Emirates Mall. Walking, I liked it very much, their interest in the diversity of the excellent breakfast. I asked to attend breakfast in the apartment, so they refused, except to pay extra fees for each person, telephone service in the room was broken for a long time
A different kind of writing in the midst of crowded literary writings and I liked it:. This important approach in simplifying historical writing and presenting it to the public away from the huge volumes and references that do not appeal to the ordinary reader .. The literary style that presented historical information in a seductive container attracts the reader to more. Stir the curiosity of the reader to research and move forward in this field and not content with the book And what I did not like the book. The writer&#39;s lack of commitment to neutrality, which is unfortunately the scourge of writing history in general, as he attacked the Ottoman Empire at the end of the book explicitly, which showed the writer&#39;s directing to the reader, which is a defect of the historical writer, as it must raise the reader&#39;s curiosity without aligning his feelings and agreeing with facts but his defense of The Mamluk state, after all its bloody and negative offerings, exposed that, as the Ottomans did not have positives as it was for these Mamluks, he said. But in the end it&#39;s a fun, exciting, different book to read
A wonderful book in which the imam talks about the civilized side of Islam and alludes to the reason why Muslims fail to catch up with the advanced nations and is a response to a French diplomat who called Islam to obstruct the civilization renaissance of Muslims
Excellent. The hotel is very excellent, the reception is very friendly, I asked for early check-in, and it was really done. I did not delay check-in and check-out. The hotel is generally excellent and worth a visit again. The outside glass was dirty and the sound insulation was bad
In another world it was possible ....... I love you like I love I love you ............. like what was supposed to be ..... its time I was not afraid I will tell you ..... .... and you wont be hurt by what you hear. Bitter reality
One of the most wonderful novels I read. It has a large amount of positive energy, which gives cause for optimism and peace in me
The hotel is very great in all respects, only the internet is defective in the rooms. . There is no internet in the rooms
As usual, fun.
Glory to Satan .. the idol of wind. Who said no in the face of those who said yes. From anthropology tearing nothingness. Who said no .. He did not die. And an eternal spirit remained in pain
A world-class resort worth praising. . Breakfast is very classy and rich in delicious choices .. The rooms are also classy and the bed is very comfortable ... Everything was great.
very good. Buffet crew quality buffet. Poor public services
I felt bored in the text, but the open end, which always annoyed me, I met her this time, very satisfactory for me .. Actually, it was not beneficial to stay at the end of another ... You will be satisfied with his style at first, but I am always satisfied with the ends, and indeed a very expressive end, and events have to end up like this.
I see my prestige and see my dear ones daily because of this novel, and I do not know whether I have gone to her or whether she came to me, the important thing is that I really enjoyed her.
very good. Location, close to Tahlia, airport, and Arab Mall. The absence of a bath, which is not mentioned in the room features
Good stay. The staff is always on duty at capacity. There were smokers next to us and we asked him for a non-smoking room, and we were annoyed with a lot of smell. There were maintenance and dyeing works, and the smell increased
. One of the interesting books that I read in a day and a few hours .. I thought at the beginning that the writer X would tell us about personalities from the Qur’an, then he would talk about them at length. But the book is as close to an illustration of some of the Qur’an’s stories, as it almost did not shed light on personalities as much as it had on stories
very good. Quietness and proximity to the sanctuary, with buses to transfer to the sanctuary. The room furniture is a bit worn out, with an incomplete restoration
Away from the evaluation .. At first sight, after reading about a page of the book, I felt a strange feeling .. I felt that I was reading the messages of four brothers separated by life between the worlds three sisters and a brother, each of them has a unique personality, different dreams and a way of thinking and living .. they miss each other and they talk Their joys, their joys, the oddities and oddities of life for each of them .. I imagine each of them having prepared three copies of his message and made each one in a different title and sits contemplating the names of his brothers on the envelopes and smiles and longs to receive responses before he sends the letter. I will not evaluate the book altogether, but I will evaluate what I feel while reading .. I will evaluate the effect and the meaning .. Perhaps I will paint for you on my mind pictures of what I have read and the truth I say I loved this family full of warmth, consisting of four warriors each of them whose battle he fights valiantly and defends his identity and his being . Continued . Rawa..you are the first to see her picture in the family and her features were clear and clear .. I don’t know whether I sympathize with you for the difficulty of the battle or encourage you so that your resolve does not bend .. Your dreams are great but I feel you are her family. Rawa..you, whoever your motherhood does not distract you from your great cause .. the value of a man .. is not his well-being that concerns you, but his rights and destiny that the country gives him ... even as you talk about your children .. you look beyond what ... the value of the individual even if it is That individual is your son .. You look at the individual’s right to live, freedom of religion, education, and respect from others and even the right to belong .. The country occupies you a lot and melts your heart nostalgia, as if you are traveling to search for solutions .. For medicine for the wounds that you carry in your heart .. You contemplate what is around you and wish that He is the homeland .. Your battle is fierce, warrior. It is a battle with a broken heart in two. Half is tired. Please, longing for imagination. The unfulfilled and half-homeland is steadfast in learning, confrontation, clinging to truth and dignity, and preserving identity, even if it is hard for it. Continued . Save .. despite knowing you that you have not reached its first year yet .. However, I drew you a picture through what I wrote, not through the little that I know .. You know what is the best article from my point of view .. It is the light and the end of the tunnel .. It is the source of your writing What are the other side details .. You do not lie to yourself and you love that about you .. I love him so much .. Painful that you lost the ideal world that your parents used to paint for you and educate you on and shocked you with life that it is not that at all .. Rather, the shock motivated you to be exalted from Your daughter is a counter-model .. And you are afraid that she will look like you, and she carries in the heart all this pain that is not tolerated .. You are ascetic in the dress of an entrepreneur .. Gambling and risk Yen and ninety behind science and experience thinking that you are a passion or maybe you believe in that, but you feel in the decision of yourself that you have nothing to lose, the gains of the world will not heal the arrow that hit your heart when you saw the real reality that is getting ugly with the days and the loss of loved ones and the meaning of the nation .. The longing for freedom fights you And salvation from all pain and cruel experience and between fear of the unknown and recognition of weakness in this world .. You have an insight without a doubt, but you fear faith in it. Maybe you tried and caused you more pain, so I decided to leave it aside .. I liked it altogether. Your strength in your heart, love the wild and do not be afraid of it, your taming it is evidence of your weakness and God created you the master of the universe, your sovereignty in the freedom of your choice, choose freedom for you and others. A powerful sentence that summarized the world in some words .. The imposition of control over the word and thought is nothing but a fear of showing weakness and fear of your freedom or the freedom of others .. Your talk about the child did not see in him the fear of motherhood as much as I saw the other side of the mirror .. you want a reverse example. Reverse in deprivation .. you want free thought and abilities and belonging to a homeland .. deprived of the constants and templates that relieve the brain from thinking and confusion .. Maybe you think you protect it from pain .. perhaps .. if you talk about the type of your pain .. but its pain will be different because it They arise against the opposite .. and perhaps you will not be able to understand them. It is a difficult battle to work on bringing up the opposite. You yourself suffer in it. It is impossible to convince others of what you are not convinced of, but you are trying in any case and your heart trembles with hope ... I do not know how far this image applies to its validity, but I pray to God to grant you stability in the matter and determination. In adulthood, and know that you are not alone, there are those who see themselves in the same way. Continued . Ahmed Abdel Hamid .. I have been following you for a relatively long time even though I am not interested in politics in general and for honesty, I do not know why I started following you. Ahmed is a distinct mixture of revolt, authoritarianism, conquering the other, and trying to calmly think and find out the reasons for the deterioration of the situation .. I see in you a professional chess player who plays with a sworn enemy boiling blood in your veins with every successful move from him and at the same time you strive yourself in various ways to maintain a yellowish smile and movement Unexpected towards take off and defeat. Hate of domination and oppression in all its forms in science, politics, work, thought, religion, and the entire life .. And I really do not know how you can fight on all these fronts at once. It is wrong for someone who thinks that you only care about the details, because you like the big pictures too .. Your comment on the tumultuous events is very similar to the football commentators .. Funny, despite what each sentence carries from the tragedies of the two boys. Justice and equality issues associated with freedom, rights and duties also made your view of religiosity, life and treatment of people a result, not a cause, and made you a mixture of simplicity and sophistication together. Your pain is different from the rest .. Didn&#39;t you support the truth that you are sure that you may not see with your own eyes except that you want to be a reason in it in various ways and that I yearn to know how to keep yourself on the covenant and overcome your despair or your frustrations that inevitably chase you in your pursuit and carry you until you seek self And some being alone with the I and how it goes beyond the bitterness of the labyrinth and the struggle of passion that grinds your soul as it does with every message and hope. May God help you and guide you to your desire .. Follow. Dear Dina .. Despite the long fellowship, our history will not interfere in drawing your image .. Your articles that I have chosen for the book revolve in my opinion on one topic .. Alienation within the soul..I know you talked about the customs of the West and the differences of the country and other matters purely objectively. But I see that the meaning of alienation takes you away not to the farthest reaches of the earth but to yourself. You feel the weirdness of the soul and you are trying in various ways to find a homeland that does not know abuse and abuse among its children and accepts what is good from it before the good, no matter how much it varies in its beliefs, thought, body or religion .. homeland It redefines its laws, beliefs and social customs as well .. it will not be in the ideal of utopia and you are trying to accept that but you are looking for a place where you can enjoy some comfort so you do not worry about people&#39;s opinions or behaviors .. a country in which you can keep memories and do not fear falling sick because there A heart that takes care of you Our housing, our security, and our awareness will watch over you even if there is no ambulance or hospital .. A homeland that redefines the country and the family. Continued . Now that I have finished the book and drew pictures of his book through what I have read, I can say that the book represents a reading of my own hidden mysteries in the tongues of others .. Each of you has something that resembles me and has a battle and struggle that resembles my struggles with life, dream, ambition, and message, despite the different culture, origin, and livelihood .. I could not read the book in sequence and preferred to read the writings of each of them separately .. I felt more comfortable in this and imagined the writer talking to and talking to me alone about his minds and his heart .. As if it was a psychotherapy session in which everyone talks alternately in a group episode .. I enjoyed it and crossed He meant a great deal and shrugged off some of the weight it bore In the case of the journey of life .. I ask God to take care of you and help you to sponsored what he meant you
Oh God, how painful this story is. Mounif describes prisons, methods of oppression and torture, and depicts for you the situation of the honorable Arab citizen and his confusion. He wants to stay in his homeland to work and repair .. and he wants to escape from him to live and relax .. Mounif here was wonderful and painful.
Diwan is out of evaluation. Creativity, fun and tears, Mustafa. If he moved, the best thing would be to move the whole office
very good. . These beautiful scents no longer smell of the rooms as before, as I was surprised that a cockroach entered the door of the apartment.
I remember reading this encyclopedia in my high school library, a wonderful, wonderful and very enjoyable book that reminds you of the example and in what situations it is said, the most beautiful is a mention of proverbs that are no longer circulated or not widely spread, internal strengthened the idea of genius and the art and wisdom of the Egyptian colloquial language through the vernacular examples in particular Which can reach a deep and large meaning, very simply and in the least words
There is no difference when Nizar between sex and love .. The two have both, each other.
I stopped reading novels for a long time, and when I returned to read, this novel fell into my hands .. The truth of the novel is beautiful. What I liked about it is the connection of the characters to each other ... So you see the writer mention so and so, but later you are surprised that he did not mention him by chance .. As for the time of the story and The circumstances surrounding the characters .. I think that the writer has been successful in conveying it to us, because I lived a unique experience .. As if I was really in the century ... What I did not like a little is the political aspect, which I write in some citizen .. But that does not prevent me from saying That the novel was very good .. As for the end, it was sad for me. The death of Jean Valjean was impressive. I accompanied A this character from the beginning of the book until the end of it and we have looked at his life how it was and how it became and enables us to see all those good deeds that he performed without disclosing to others .. Also, I was saddened by the death of some characters such as Baron, Marius&#39; father and Gavrush the little who was Goodness beats in his heart.
A very distinguished and competitor to the American enough that currently controls theoretically, by virtue of the fact that it is Arab in origin, Egypt is less prevalent in the Arab countries where there is only one branch in Saudi Arabia, but it is spread in Egypt by virtue of being the country of origin
Immediately after I finished close to the book, the feelings mixed in myself and I wrote a thought about her topic, but because she relied on emotion only without taking into account the quality of the style, I will keep her locked up in the last pages of the book.
The novel is fascinating with all the meaning of the word in its reading the word word, which summarizes a historical era in the Gulf region and how the British were seeking to impose their control on the Gulf and control its resources due to the war on pirates who threaten their trade in this region. How I wish to meet with its author
In principle, this is the quickest time I can summarize a novel that I concluded on an exact day. My age need is what I did, even when I was reading the future file, which is considered a small book. A novel I heard a lot about, and opinions differed contradictively between intense admiration and intense hatred. But I can&#39;t deny that the secret of my speed in reading it is that it pulled me from the first page. Although Macintosh was excited about it, since it is about conversations of love, so it would be repeated words. But, on the contrary, the first time I feel this way. The merging of personalities and their life circles and surprises that at the end provides the magnificence of the book, especially when it is a totally unexpected surprise and in a new style from the writer that does not make you expect that P surprise in the other and you prefer me. But you were simply surprised:. One of the most beautiful I have read and a few novels that have not yet been concluded, I don&#39;t read it
good . Place cleanliness and staff. The room is small, the wifi is poor, the street is crowded
Excellent. Location, good handling, reception, Wi-Fi.
Good, but without a car. The hotel is new, when it was inhabited by three days, everything new and all furniture. There are no parking spaces because in the Naif market area, a car with a vehicle cannot be accommodated
good. The hotel is a good overall ... parking is not enough
If only we would not part. Despite the departure, despite what the days did to us. My heart is still alive alone with hope
Exceptional. The breakfast is delicious and varied.
very good. Cleanliness arrangement. The worker harassed the laundry by asking to wash
I am very shocked by the writer’s view of the events, as if the novelist Ezeldin Fashir da Shaghal with Al-Sisi: I am now aware that the end of the Sisi is close and that those who command the army will fly from them after the preparation of blood will increase in the coming days and it is not far that they will kill and God is the novel so hard What happens now
good. The location of the hotel. Organizing the hotel from the inside if the reception is between the two laps
A beautiful place worth staying. Everything in the hotel is very very satisfying. nothing
Close to the sanctuary. New hygiene near the campus. The reservation was made by Bukking and the problem with the card was not modified. The most contact with the hotel was that the reservations official was not present, unfortunately, and they were close to canceling the reservation, but the situation was understood by them.
He believed that love is the next force of God Almighty. Love matters
Whether you like it or not, you will live the peace hymn as you read the novel and then
I may be able to replace the word affiliation with the word division, so that the meaning of the book is correct, for every affiliation is divided into every affiliation, exclusion, and in every affiliation there may be a fatal gathering. But, in contrast, there is a difference in diversity and enrichment .. The writer expects that the humanity is undisputedly moving towards one affiliation, the first of our actual affiliation, actually human or cosmic affiliation, so that it is not in the sense of being stripped of identity constituencies, but rather in the sense of placing our human affiliation at the top of our list of affiliations in every situation and it is a reality that we are moving to. Apparently, it is a true reality, if and only if everyone’s relationship is shared, not a matter of control and submission to go back to where we started to return to partition. One affiliation with which we can overcome all our struggles and consider that today I have begun to share this world and take it for the better hand in hand .. This may appear to be an unfair reality for some of the nations that have been subjected to numerous violations from other nations since the era of nations that can not sane deny Its right if a true human court is established for every nation guilty of the right of another nation, but the dilemma is if all affiliations demanded the violations that occurred to it since the distant past and to this day, will the affiliation be delivered from sin? What will be the mechanism of calculation for all of these nations? How to punish? How many more effective human beings will remain then? How long will we need? Who is the just judge in all of them? Where is the evidence that cannot be challenged? Therefore, all affiliations, without exception, must overcome all the hatred and injustice that one day was exposed to, as it did with the rule of obsolescence and weakness sometimes other affiliations versus life The life of the entire universe with all its components in peace or let us say harmoniously as one nation in which everyone has the same fair share of the world then we converge and harmonize and if we all differ In form, names, age, passions, dress and speech ... This may be the noblest of the most affiliated disciplines since the dawn of humanity, but the writer highlights some concerns at this point .. Do we belong to the extent of similarity? Are we all ash? Is globalization a tint? Is one affiliation obliterating each difference? Is Thomas More&#39;s utopia our destiny? It&#39;s really scary to even imagine it. Driven by diversity with adaptation, often our differences arose and as a result of our differences we wrestled if we keep healthy from this diversity and get rid of the dark side of that diversity in another word. Let us cancel the concept of each difference requiring conflict and keep the differences so that the individual chooses what he wants and has his own identity and only for him .. Let us know the identity with a human affiliation Or, if it is true, it is a general and an individual difference, without cancellation and without division .. John Lennon&#39;s song may be much shortened than what Amin Maalouf wanted to say ......: //. . / = ...
Very enjoyable . Unique location and staff.
good. Location, hygiene and quality of service. Food prices are very expensive.
I enjoyed the most beautiful moments of my life in Raffles, where the beauty of stay and the honor of looking over the house of God. Cleanliness, comfort, service, beauty of place. Only the water baffles the bathroom floor
Today I have completed it .. Truthfully, I cannot find the expression that fulfills her right .. It is a novel that deals with life in a philosophical way. It was revealed to him in several aspects .. An interesting novel and the style of storytelling by means of message to me.
good. It was excellent. time to go out
very good. Beautiful and spacious. Bad bathroom comfort
A wonderful novel from the genius, Dan Brown .. suitable for a movie, more than it is a novel that can be due to the amount of action and the dramatic plot with its effects ... although it does not reach the level of hell and Da Vinci is just great
If you want to take a vacation from life and its noise, I advise you to acquire that book ... If you want to dive into a sea of funny events, I advise you to acquire that book ... If you want to know the details of traveling to Dubai and work with it, I advise you to acquire that book. It is a book that takes you away on a pleasant journey filled with experiences and brings you back with a feeling of hope and freshness to continue your way in life.
Jamiel&#39;s very narrative style. Mevihash&#39;s novel is pure boredom. On the contrary .... I felt that I was watching a movie, and I don’t know I’m doing ... Abdo Shaker, frankly, I expect for him that one day, God willing, he will arrive in a novel of his novels for the edition, and people stayed running on it while he did himself. ..Etc:. His slave is a very good character, and his style is neither platitudes, nor stants, nor scenes that are not perfect ..... The novel did it. For two reasons ..... First, the end that I felt could be a little longer. Secondly, if it was in a description in scenes, you do not need an additional description .... But in general, the story is very good, but I deserve better than this because I know that it is a pen that can never be underestimated.
I cried me as she read the events in it painfully representing reality, as if the people of Granada had come out and distributed among the Arab peoples. The novel really offered all the cowardly, brave and stupid robber characters. All brands you find while reading. Create a writer to show events so make you always a comment when you understand the full truth. I really invite everyone to read it as it is a novel that you cannot read. If you came out with something, it is that the way to defeat is a stepping stone
Wonderful, and if there are more than wonderful words, I would not hesitate. I start reading dreams. Forbidden ... until I get forbidden memories, arrive and I want a man
The book was accidentally signed by me, and for the sake of al-Hazar, I said to its owner that this name was read in secret. However, I can say that it is one of the most amazing books that impressed me, starting with the cover and its design ... for style ... by the writer himself. Attitudes and thoughts I used to see are hidden but I met them in a wonderful way. As for the writer, all respect for his way of thinking
Justice is not a heritage that the living will receive from the dead. Or a ruling emblem attached to the Sultan if the guardian passed away. Like a turban or sword. The just king died. Long live the just king. Justice positions. Justice is an everlasting question. If you inspired the response, it is formed in other words. Another question is born to be answered. Justice is an endless dialogue. Between the Sultan and Sultan. The book is great .... a masterpiece that made me read it twice after some:
good. Quiet price integrated kitchen and clean. Al-Kufi services are incomplete
A book tells the biography of Princess Salima bint Sultan Saeed, Sultan of Oman and Zanzibar ... the beginning of her life and childhood, to the years of alienation, religious transformation, and return to the homeland again .. the language of the book or the language translated into it rather easy, which pushes the continuation and full enjoyment of small and many details .. I did not feel anywhere that the main character attempted to secure my admiration or sympathy with her, and that is an advantage in that she was far from pretending to be idealistic or praise of the self as he overcomes other biographies .. In addition, her recognition of remorse and negligence after her brother Majid’s position indicates that Credibility, in my opinion, I see that TJ Deciding whether worth reading .. I spent a pleasant time with her.
The book is the beginning of a series of leaders&#39; tools for Dr. Jassim Sultan, and it is concerned with and concerned with the issues and concerns of their nation and those working in the Renaissance field. And starts with dr. Jassim Sultan in the introduction to the book explaining the reasons for starting writing this series: Understanding this is due to the fact that judging a thing is a branch of its perception and explains the importance of knowledge and how it must precede work before science and action, because work without knowledge has a large defect and the correctness of the work is associated with the science that led to it .. It is related to the first topic which is the organization of the cognitive and mental map of workers In the field of renaissance and busy with its issues .. Then people are divided according to their position on the issue of understanding:. A very loving affectionate class, but he does not want to exhaust his mind with knowledge or understanding, and these people, despite the correctness of their intent, but their danger is great, especially during the stages of walking .. We can say that he is a reader with a degree of degrees, but he is also unwilling to research and investigate, and he is a lot of criticism with little work .. The class of a critic is a worker who is constantly searching for development, making an effort in research and consideration without neglecting the work, and this is the class on which invitations are based and the revivals are achieved .. His class is focused on research, consideration and analysis, but his work is tainted by being away from reality and being satisfied with only theoretical level .. Hence the necessity A person has to walk on two sides parallel to the scientific and uncle For me to avoid the zero sum .. This book deals with the great philosophy of the renaissance and means to define the basic requirements for the transition from the stage of improvisation and impulsivity and blurring of vision to rationality and clarity of vision and the book and series are characterized in general by the simple style and lack of complexity to suit all levels in addition to the presentation on which the book is based where it includes A number of scenes, each scene begins with a description of the current situation or scene, then raises the reality and explains the starting point and ends with the desired or hoped-for scenario in the future. The scene ends with a general summary to remind the most important of what was mentioned in this chapter. It includes the following scenes:. Knowledge before say and act. The major drivers of the Islamic Renaissance. Backward issue. The importance of studying history. The importance of lifting reality. Evidence of the four Renaissance. I finished reading the book in just days and re-read it again so that I could summarize it and study it in more detail as is my habit in reading and with books that have value or value to me and so my strategy with the rest of the series will be critical analytical reading
Among the most beautiful things I read, the thrill of the story, the history, and the light of wisdom combined in one work that you read in a short time
Quiet hotel. The location is great. Free Wi-Fi in the lobby and not free in the rooms
Shipping speed
My God . Does anyone have the sweet heart of Ahmed Bahgat. His meditations are a platform for love, a gentle, gracious and merciful .. The call to love in our society is not a luxury; rather, it is a necessity like the necessity of bread and water. And if a person, on the material level, cannot live without bread or water, then he will die spiritually if he does not love.
Exceptional. Reception and excellent treatment, visit the hotel and, God willing, we repeat the visit.
Exceptional. There are parking lots very close to the campus, women section.
Excellent hotel apartments. Beautiful location and spacious rooms that do not contain a view, but are clean, the staff is helpful and there are parking spaces inside Al Nabini. There are some notes on the wall paint. I hope the hotel manager takes care of it first and foremost to keep the place distinctive and wonderful
Debt swirling book is one of the most difficult. What can and the difficulty here does not come from. Use heavy vocabulary. Dr. Yusef Zaidan is keen. In his works whether literary or written. Free to clarify meanings. Simplify style while lay. The difficulty of this book in dealing with it. Genesis of religious groups and groups. Since the dawn of history and its connotations. Their struggles and conflicts over civilizations. Successive first semester occur. On the spread of religious beliefs. In old Alexandria and mix. The wonderful Alexandrian who sorted many. Thinkers and philosophers back then. And this chapter contains a lot. The repercussions and conflicts between. The three religions on the one hand and between. Conflicts of those religions. Within the framework of her adherents. On the other hand by. Its multiple sectarian struggles. And in the second chapter, he addressed. Talmud of the Jews and its differences from. The Torah also spoke of. Judaism provisions. This chapter is considered one of the most beautiful. The chapters of the book enjoyment and benefit. Li and the best chapters of the book. Absolutely. In the third chapter he talked about. Hesbah and this means it. Monitoring and accounting spread. As a job in the late Abbasid era. Mamluk and Othmani. He was the one doing the profession. It is called the accountant and as usual. Those who hold positions as. Soon they feel the pleasure. Ownership and power. And lead them to drift. From the primary goal of their authority. Even the calculation became more like. A secret security apparatus and it was from. The most famous of them is Al-Zaini Barakat. That famous character. Which was addressed by the great writer. Jamal al-Ghitani in one of his work. Calculation use arrived. Wrong way to its extent. When practiced on ideas. And opinions and beliefs were. Among the most prominent victims were tried. According to which Imam Ibn Hanbal. Bukhari and Muslim. And of course the famous Sufi Hallaj. And in the fourth chapter he spoke. For Shiite groups to dive into. Us within its beliefs and developments. Ideology and class. The fifth talked about groups. Egyptian Sufism and Eating. Famous Sufi orders. Such as Al-Shadhliya and Ahmadiyya. Al-Rifaya and other roads. With an explanation of the developments of Sufi thought. And in the sixth chapter he deals with. Sufism from the perspective of its vision. To the world and its general effects. As for the seventh and final chapter. Deals with textual lobes. Sufism or in a clearer sense. Their brochures are inspired by. Their spiritual manifestations and their journey. With Sufism and it is texts. Very difficult in its vocabulary. Linguistic and need a lot of effort. In clarifying and simplifying the reader. And you also need super power. She became acquainted with the Arabic language. In general, the swirling religiosity. A difficult book and absorb what it contains. Needs dozens of years. Especially in the last chapters
Exceptional. Everything is great for the family, the place is clean, the attention to the clean pool is beautiful, and I will repeat the trip to it.
I read this novel about a month ago and it is still in my mind. I still remember that when I read it, I read it again on the same day for the second time, as if I wanted to enjoy my words or memorize them. I adore them .. I love the letters in them .. the rich language with beautiful spiritual meanings .. is really a masterpiece Literary .. a high price, despite its circulation between people .. a spiritual relationship between Leonardo and Bahaa .. Bahaa, the little girl who lived a long time ago and came to see the beloved .. that beloved who wanted to live with her outside the boundaries of time and place a pure spiritual relationship, but in Every encounter produces a melody that makes his lust wake up and the relationship is within time and not .. prison was in the eyes of Leonardo was the best solution even cleansed of his sins and his heart ignobility g we do not see any guilt reminds him is a man and a lover and has the right to craves my love ..lkn between what we want and what we want to waste a lot of accounts. His presence in prison and exposure to the skin made him wake up and think and meet with him another meeting that collects him spiritually, otherwise his life was wasted, but the age did not go to waste scattered on the contrary, bringing them together. Although the mind does not believe in events, the heart and soul believe the spiritual passion
I could not get it out of my hands other than when I had saved it from dawn, and I am its villages, and the hour is now a quarter, and I am still a messiah. I liked it, because I have everything that is expected and a need in which events will come other than what I expected sincerely. The cover did not like me, or it could have been better than this. Uh, true, I was afraid I was afraid of the bathroom:
Exceptional. . What I didn&#39;t like is parking or parking garages there .... as I have a room reservation inside the hotel and yet they don&#39;t receive me and wait hours to get the car for the parking and thank you ...
The pain induces beauty ... wonderful words and judgments, and judgments in analogy ... Al-Rafii’s intercession in exaggerating his feelings and his distance from realism.
With his graceful, graceful style, the forgotten Kandil takes us to a world that is similar to our reality in its events and not like it at the same time. With a magical lyric that distinguishes the storytelling style and his narrative world, he loves us and encourages us, but he does not leave us in the end without giving us a spark of hope in an alternative pension world where simple dreams come true ... Resisting despair and all the practices that kill us. She wants to live and love, so she has no choice but to enter a freeze until life gives her breath. She does not withdraw from life, but refuses to live as a corpse. Love a novel that carries a life message in the face of death surrounding us.
I would recommend this hotel to everyone. Cleanliness, good handling, safety and close to services.
very good. Al Hado family is close to the stalker and City Center Mall.
Wonderful, even more than wonderful
My favorite hotel. The reception crew. The price of the room service food is high
The most beautiful books are the ones we learn from, not just entertainment
good. . Water is collected in toilets
Excellent hotel. It is near the Naif market, and there are no bars. Breakfast was not of the required standard
good. The location is good for the metro, but far from the airport.
The most amazing book I read for Imad Abu Saleh so far .. The best poem in it was blood and death
Excellent. Good location, excellent service, and the hotel is quiet .. but minus the surprise of my marriage, waiting for it in the next stay. What I liked is that they do not have surprises for the grooms, as well as exaggerating the prices of the bar ... and the lack of identification of pictures of hotel facilities
Excellent. . The view
Exceptional. Excellent thing. Noise in bedtime
When I read a book, they hear her sensibility, in which Dr. Ayman Al-Atoom describes the suffering of Dr. Iyad Asaad in Al-Khatib and Palmyra prison ... Although Dr. Iyad was only a doctor with no political affiliations to him, they arrested him and dumped him in the unjust Syrian prisons, especially the Palmyra prison that all detainees suffered Syrians and Palestinians ... This account taught me to tell the truth no matter what ... and to thank God for what I am ...
Very positive, comfortable, cool and calm with an attractive smell and one of my favorite perfumes, and it is very suitable for those with high taste.
I still admit how difficult Abdul Rahman Badawi&#39;s style was, but this book is one of his best books
Of the most wonderful, sweetest, most beautiful and the finest thing I read. A hard novel that deserves all respect and appreciation
This book is like a stimulant to the brain, or an interesting scientific talk that you cannot boycott its owner, in which Dr. Ali Al Wardi deals with some social phenomena, including civil, as well as some ways of thinking of the human mind and its qualities in farce and fall on examples of Islamic history in particular, as the doctor returns to the era of Socrates and Plato It deals with sophistry and Platonism from a new angle that makes the reader more willing to delve deeper into this matter .. Certainly from books that are acquired even if I do not agree with the doctor in some of his positions and rulings.
Finally, I finished it, my God, I am very lazy .. Frankly, it is not lazy, but I used to read it while I was outside the house, why did not I know .. I cannot complete a page while I am at home. I took advantage of the waiting time and the long ways to read it, which exhausted my shoulder, so the book is big .. In general, the book. just awesome. I said that I would bet that Ali Wardi would be my favorite book, and I can confirm for sure that it is so ... what I liked most about his style is that he is fair. It is fair to the extent that it is difficult to expressly read someone like him. He persuaded me in several aspects, raised my skepticism about things, and provoked me in others .. His ideas are not Muslim, many criticized him, but I find his book useful. I had some difficulties understanding some research and scientific terms. Although he has stated that he is presenting his ideas in a simple way for the general public to understand his intent and live, it seems that I am below the intellectual level of the general public at the time. At the beginning of the book, he spoke about the influence and interpretation of dreams in societies and beliefs. He later spoke about hypnosis and predictions of dreams and their interpretation. The beautiful thing is that he mentioned many opinions in dreams, their interpretation, and everything related to them. He supported them and refuted them with logical arguments. One of the most important is the story of Arsal, or you will die. Imagine I knew from the creator of this farce. And even he mentioned some personal stories to him .. Almost in the last paper came the chapter on the appendices, in which I frankly enjoyed most of all the book. In it he talked about the unconscious mind, genius and insanity, the sixth sense, about the genius of dreams, and mentioned ideas he said about him in the book of Paranormal Sentiments, which made me prepare it for the second book that I will endorse for him .. The book: interesting and deep. Complex and simple. Simply easy abstained. As Ali Al Wardi&#39;s first book I say it will not be the last. The fact that I needed a long time to finish it, excuse me, maybe my thoughts were a little disturbed, intent on reading it again integrated in a few sessions .. I repeat: I liked it, its fairness is amazing. I advise everyone to read it:
A book that was printed in the cells of my memory..I lived through its events violently..and a passion that I did not leave until I finished it ..
His opinion is very excellent, and I thank you, the owner of the cough
I stopped saving it and idle because of the revolution and broke up the sit-in. A more than wonderful book. He touches all his heart. Speech extends, reads and feels. One of the sweetest things I&#39;ve read. And I&#39;m sure I will read it again. A book that binds one to himself and works. . Every need has a store around you. A sense of rare one senses it. The feeling of stopping time and the pleasure of doing it. piece of art
Great hotel. More than a wonderful hotel in terms of services, cleanliness, location of the hotel and sea view.
Clean hotel and excellent location. The location is easily accessible to the campus ... the hygiene is excellent ... the minibar is excellent with tea accessories ... the bathroom is clean and tidy and has a hair dryer. The standard rooms are small ....
. The location is excellent, the cleanliness is excellent and the reception staff treat the price is very good. There is no
. Close to the sea and the beach mall.
Among the books that have a great impact in one period of my life. As if tied to the heart. We need you in these days. The story of Abdul Rahman, the inner cam, has a great impact on. And a stopping story with the Mujahideen in Palestine. I recommend reading it
Excellent, quiet and helpful. Excellent, comfortable and quiet. Very excellent handling. nothing
This is my second day in a novel that is not a story, but a page for the end, we were afraid to read it from the trouble and Kommentat. However, it attracted me from the first page and concluded in less than four hours the first page and went astray as far as I was concerned and repulsed .. Our longevity is to say the psychologists are themselves psychopaths and I will not judge the end of what I have read. But Ahmed Ahmed&#39;s style is very popular, saving a lot of sexual suggestion and using it in English terms and medical terms, but not in reality? A few p in each person in one uses the words and the terms de .. Everyone says my bring the movie but not the book and your imagination and your perception of events in your brain and imagine an honorable and animated form and a blue elephant pill etc. in it a real pleasure .. the important book is the method is excellent in narration And it draws you to read the solution to what you forget the time, but in a lot of the use of metaphors and analogies, times were boring .. I loved the book, I hope its end will not be disappointing, because psychology and its diseases are a very difficult and difficult science and writing is not easy .. virgin I intend to spend the rest of the pages and see the end of Factor A ... I spent on the narrator today rather now .. The imagination of the pill Blue Elephant Whoever takes it, Yahya, made me live in a completely different world. It was a more wonderful description of scenes .. Roughly, I do not know the story of dressed, how is life transforming, it exists, but I am afraid that I do not have enough audacity that I try to understand it .. In the end, I expected that it would be better in stages but Leaving it open to every reader who thinks that he wants, can make a heck to satisfy all readers, but from my point of view, if he had done a charred ending, the book would have deserved stars ... that you are letting the end open, meaning you are afraid of the reaction, especially the general ruling regarding the book from its end .. on Myself, I would have liked to see Yahya, he was dressed or a psychopath with a love of loneliness, or awa ... Did you leave me between two complaints that he became dressed after what he discovered, or that he was originally so?
Exceptional. The reception is fast, the service room is large, and the buffet varied.
One of the most beautiful things I read for Mustafa Mahmoud ... was able to draw with his pen dozens of characters and dive deeper into those human souls and explore their depths ... depicting people’s often similar goals and their different means of achieving their goals ... but they often fall into a well that has no decision before it They get what they want ... and others who live because life has no purpose and no end ... a wonderful book that really deserves to be read
good. . Failure to preserve what the inmate has forgotten and not respond and cooperate by sending what he forgot in the apartment and obliging the inmate to return to the community to get to know Manse in the apartment during his stay
The play is primarily classical and reminded me of a unique historical incident when Judge Judge Izz ibn Abd al-Salam stood before the Sultan and advised bravely that the Mamluks, who ruled the Egyptians and were army princes and state officials, had not been proven free from slavery. And since the king bought them with the money of the money house, they became the property of the state and should be sold at a public auction, the Mamluks were angry, but the Mamluks eventually subsided and Ezz bin Abdul Salam actually sold them at a public auction at the highest prices and then freed all of them, and this situation was recorded with his brilliant pen and fine literature The writer Mustafa Sadiq Al-Rafei, may God have mercy on him, in his book inspired the pen under the title princes for sale, and a contemporary wrote a book called: Ezz bin Abdul Salam, the seller of kings.
Would recommend staying with my friend in this hotel for three nights. Everything was beautiful, the staff were helpful and kind and they checked in at the time of our arrival in the morning, and the hotel bar was available even at night, and the room was very clean and the maid made sure to keep it that way, the location is perfect in the middle, and close to all the views , It is two steps away from the largest shopping center in the city. What you may want to know is that the rooms are not large at all, however, for a husband the size is appropriate. The view was from one window to another, so it was best to keep it closed. Breakfast is nice, tasty, fresh but simple. In sum, if you are a married couple wanting to spend a good weekend in the center of Prague, close to everything around without the need for transportation? This is the right hotel for you
The book is very fun. It is possible for a person to study enough scientific material that he reads, enjoys and benefits from it. Its only flawed it is. Some information is assumed to have been updated or denied
Fantastic hotel. Breakfast is very good.
very good. Everything is beautiful but unfortunately I did not try the hotel facilities like a restaurant and club. Delayed bringing the car
I will definitely go back again for a great experience. Great experience and excellent services. It is almost a minute&#39;s walk to Dubai Mall via Souk Al-Bahar. The staff is very helpful and excellent .. After they told me that babysitting service from inside the hotel is available any time. They told me it was only available outside the hotel and for a maximum of hours, forcing me to change the scheme
Exceptional. Everything about this hotel is beautiful, but brother Sameh remains the most distinguished and the best person to be envied for. nothing
Adam&#39;s apple, which he did not eat at first, was very hot, as there is a person who is able to deceive everyone and knows where to infiltrate their weaknesses .. He is, according to criminology, a criminal ... but he does not spill blood even if it leads to its boiling in the veins .. The writer Muhammad Al-Hinnawi accurately drawn his characters to envy On it .. But from my point of view it failed in a few areas that do not affect the general overall of the series but it keeps us with a legitimate question which is how Adam executes his surprise .. For example, just before the series ended, Adam suddenly entered the Brotherhood silence and suddenly disappeared from the hand of tight guarding of the Brotherhood and police that attacked the place He did not explain to us how this happened .. ?? But what the scenario made clear is that Adam is a very intelligent person who knows how to cross from others holes that they did not care about while he does not leave to others holes that they pray to him .. He is also a person who is fluent in coloring and disguising and this is what excelled in the performance of the artist Khaled Al-Sawi .. as if he did not offer one role In this work, but it has several roles in one role .. And in every case it was expressed with infinite precision .. it is when Sheikh Radwan is a devout pious and when he is Khawaja he is a reflection of reflection and when he is my upside he is a sublime victory but has a clear cunning .. And so in every Personality, as if Adam was good at studying each person well before they reckoned with them .. It is a rare type of crime that the West may know more From us, but it may already be in Egypt .. The misfortunes of the corrupt are hidden from the mysteries, as soon as part of it is revealed, they are quick to hide all the truth to ensure their reputation ... so that their calamities remain an open playground for those who are like Adam’s wits .. Therefore Adam was the criminal who is a human who does not shed blood But he takes revenge on all the corrupt until we finally know that he was taking revenge on the basis of psychological disadvantaged women from society from what happened to his mother who thought bad and he does not know how the circumstances pushed her to go a path that she did not choose .. It was the apple that he symbolized for himself but he did not eat it He made her symbolism a reason for many people to breath behind him without succeeding in reaching him The great moment of transformation in his life came to meet Fatima’s character .. She is the most beautiful character in the series, as she knows his truth about him and increases his love for him .. She continues to seek after him as if she does not fear his poison, but as she put it as if she would break his poison and he would have become love is the purifier of hearts from Sins: As for the rest of the characters, the scenario cared for all the characters in a distinct way, and each character took her right enough for her within the limits of her natural place .. And if sometimes I wasted the right of a character to portray the mother of Adam in showing the aspects of her life in her new form and trying to forget the past .. Or reduce the scenario of its appearance. Nor did he give us much of the background of Haji Shawky&#39;s rare presence Who is swimming against the current .. But both characters excelled in its performance, both artist Sami al-Adl and artist Hayatem, who may have cried many at the moment of her meeting with her son after a long separation when Haji Shawqi went to where Adam was staying ... And if the scenario also hidden from us how how Haji Shawqi knew Adam&#39;s new place .. ?? The same applies to General Sharif Saraya, when he suddenly arrived after the Adam’s family gathered .. ?? The scenario also failed to explain how Maryam, the daughter of Sharif Saraya, was injured in the incident of storming the home of Sheikha Sabah, where the episode ended with the injury of Adam in the dress of Sheikh Radwan, and the following began to injure Maryam while she was inside, while the explosion was outside. As for Sharif Saraya himself, he is also one of the rare personalities. As if the series is looking into the world of the rare .. It is an honorable officer to the extent that he does not care to open the files of his corrupt colleagues and inflict them if necessary, as happened with the officer who surrendered to the Brotherhood .. He is between two fires working as a chaser a very intelligent criminal and suffers at the same time from the pain of killing His son and the absence of his wife, sorrow for the loss of a Their sons, but at the same time, the series presented the corrupt in various forms, starting with Adel Yassin, the corrupt officer who caused the Adam’s knot, passing through the owner of the satellite channel, which has millions of people, some of which disappear under the bed .. and which the artist Sami Maghawry performed with his images that made us hate him .. then to the director The governmental hospital, which is good at exploiting the circumstances and knows where to eat the shoulder .. It is the role played by artist Noha Al-Amrousi with a strong and distinguished proficiency .. Rather, she volunteered her features to perform the role so her eyes were cunning and cunning with caution from everyone .. The series also gave us a picture of religious ignorance in a severe way Excellence and how swindlers Bass excelled Religion is an exploitation of the ignorance of the people. Actress Hanan Suleiman excels in the performance of the personality of Sheikha Sabah and she mastered the coloration between proving criminality against Adam and proving reverence in front of her patrons ... In front of the people, then how are the evils of the whole world between them and themselves .. And how are they very weak in front of their desires .. And the same situation was evident in the personalities of the residential area in which Toha lived and who are supposed to be from the people of the Salafis who want to implement the illusion of the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention group About evil .. And The series in the general entirety showed us how society descended in its behaviors in general and how it reached the height of ugliness in everything and how the swindlers took advantage of that situation so that every person exploited his position to benefit him even if at the expense of others and in every field whether the media or the police or those claiming to be Islamic preachers They are basically criminals and how people deceived and may still deceive everyone who speaks in the name of religion, as it is now, so many have rejected the Brotherhood, but they accept the Salafists as if we can only take our religion from swindlers and deceivers .. and those who refuse to crime by firing their beards .. And yet he kept us Hope to change, then Al-Khawaja repented after T. Howaida is that character who flipped from the opposite of the opposite in a spiritual moment that touched her heart amid a state of religious deception at the foundation, which the artist Reham Abdel Ghafour managed to accomplish with her ingenuity. The fast rhythm of events, but it was stingy for us to restore the last scene of each episode at the beginning of the new episode .. As some scenes were excessively dark, we did not recognize the characters except from their voice .. Likewise, Muhammad Al-Hinnawi created the threads of the story that did not make them intertwine, but touched and impressed us and affected us Waiting for the rest of the events, though Al-Hinnawi seemed to me relatively influenced at times by the personality of Adham Sabri in the series “The Impossible Man” that was created by the great writer Dr. Nabeel Farouk .. Adam was surprising us with surprising surprises like those that were brought to him by Adham Sabri in his adventures ..
Realistic in a surprising way even though it revolves in a virtual forest
Adil Sadiq ... The book as simple language is easy. But the meaning is deep. And the application is deeper
Beautiful comfort. The suites are spacious, clean and tidy. There is no
After every collection of Ahmad, I became more certain that whoever reads it never fails.
good. . Pardon .. the bathroom does not have a water faucet ... support from foreign styles ... personal hygiene above all ... paper tissues are not enough must have a water tap
For the amount paid, I advise you to try the place. The place is luxurious, upscale, and comfortable. The service is more than excellent, the staff treats the most professional.
The book is the testimony of one of the paratroopers who were used by the generals of war in Algeria to suppress the terrorists. The repression extended to all Islamists to include also any civilian, whether Islamic or not. These soldiers have literally become a tool of killing and suppression in the face of any voice that opposes the warlords. The book is a Swedish sweetheart who recounts everything that he experienced during his relatively short military life since he was a teenager dreaming about joining the army to serve his country and practicing that lofty message in protecting the homelands or as he thought until the army was involved in the repression, killing, theft and looting that turned that institution From a castle of respect and maintenance And the hearts of privacy and terrorist symptoms to more than the terrorists themselves institution .. This book is divided into three sections view :. The first: It tells about the life of a Swedish sweetheart and his aspirations from childhood to his joining the military establishment as an officer who narrates the details of military life with its advantages and disadvantages and talks about his leaders who were an example to follow and those who were dirty to wear a military suit .. Second: it is the core of events Where there are many killings and assassinations, whether in the army or against those who oppose them, and of course against those who carry weapons in the face of them in the midst of these accounts, you may experience a kind of nausea and disgust in the methods of killing, torture and conspiracy even on the soldiers as if there is no price for human life In the eyes of these generals, there is a long chain of eyewitness, but a participant in them The atrocities end with the awakening of his heart, which will only prompt him to dare to question whether they are really soldiers or terrorists more than the terrorists themselves, so that he ends up in prison for three years in response to his question .. The third: It is a life after prison and an attempt to seek asylum in France to tell us his story and that is in The tail of the book is a definition of numbers for the participants in the dirty war and the control of a few handful of corrupt people in the reins of the army, but in his view they did not exceed the total army, police and intelligence, but they were a few carefully selected clique in order to do what is dirty or farther than that without asking his questions. This book, in my opinion, is one of the best written about that era The black in the history of Algeria. His reading is enjoyable, the style of narration and the documentation of information in it and its sequence do not make you weary nor do you forget the events and people .. One of the most important quotes :. Our leaders were directing us towards suppressing civilians more than they were directing us towards the actual liquidation of terrorists: they fully agreed that the ambushes, false barriers and attacks continued ... when they feel themselves threatened, then they use massive means. This proves that they can put an end to the terrorists if they really want to. . I am neither a thief nor a coward. I am only a loyal lieutenant for the section of November 1st and for the sacred principles of the Algerian people from whom I came out. I am not a coward. I have fought terrorism without interruption in the region where I was screened and you can verify this .. Thanks to young people like me, you are still in power and you are still slaughtering our people. This is the only thing I can never forgive myself. Blow them out, describe them and those who support them. We are not here to fight the terrorists alone, but rather all Islamists. The Islamists want to go to heaven so let&#39;s take them to it and quickly, I don&#39;t want prisoners, I want to be killed. We are the terrorists. We should not leave a dog, a cat, a mule, a donkey and ... of course, not an Islamist. I am your God, do whatever I want. This is how the Algerian army generals have been speaking since the coup against the Algerian elections that the Islamists won until today.
good. Location and cleanliness. Single beds are small and uncomfortable, pillows are not comfortable, the public toilet does not have sprinklers and sprinklers only inside the main room, there is no safety box in the other room and all the apartment depends on one box, towels are small in size for an apartment for four people
Smooth ... easy, abstaining, read, speaks to you, and summarizes you ... an invitation to contemplate our interior and get to know it ... is a woman in which you see yourself from all angles. A letter swallows in amazement and asks how he knew .. How to write your story with his fingertips. How to translate the darker inhabited your heart with such accuracy. If I was asked what creativity looked like, I would answer. Half face without features
Aisha, we ended, we finished ... the pen bled. The guilt complex that dominated every page of the book ended. I have pity on you, Aisha .. I was on every page embracing your pain and bleeding silently and saying, I cry, O Aisha .. Cry dear. Cry your inability to absorb motherhood ... Cry your disappointment in yourself ... Cry all that made you think about the implicit suicide that you practiced on yourself during those days when I accompanied Anna to your bottom world. And how much I cried when I burst that dam with Moaz ... I am trying to draw a beautiful ending in my head and that going down to the underworld during its writing will be followed by a rise to the top of life. He who does not have the will to die ... does not have the will to live ... I feel that the writer wanted to show us that we have to understand death as a gateway leading to life and not to nothingness. How many deaths do we die every day ... and that makes us love life more ... Aisha did not go down to the underworld for me. I went up to the top of the pyramid of awareness of life ... Buthaina Al-Essa ... a pen that really impressed me.
Be yourself first
Rest and recuperation. Quiet, helpful staff, lovely place. Furniture needs maintenance and renewal of wood for the doors and the kitchen counter is old and needs more hygiene and sterilization
Above the excellent. The hotel is not what I imagined with its splendor, and I advise it to be pure and entertaining, and frankly, I will always have a permanent customer from Service, service, good treatment, and swimming pools that are great and the price is worth it. There is nothing missing from the word wonderful splendor on him
Great accommodation. Great hotel, excellent location and great services. There is no
good. . The price is very high
Great hotel and bad spot. Breakfast and generosity with breakfast, cleanliness, location. Reception staff no professional bad staff
. The prices at the time of the school vacation were wonderful compared to others, and this is the third time for me at the hotel. It is wonderful in all respects. The Internet. The location is clean. The reception is all right.
She did not feel a novel as much as she felt. Show historical events in an innovative way
Excerpts from Mahmoud Darwish&#39;s poems. . To the reader. . Black lilies in my heart. And in my lips ... the flame. Whoever missed my come. O crosses of anger? I pledged allegiance to my sorrows ... and shook hands with homelessness and riots. My anger ... my anger ... and blood. My reader. Do not shake my whisper. Do not shake the rapture. This is my torture ... a stray sand. And another in the clouds. My account is that I am angry. And the first fire is anger. ==========. ==========. Loyalty. . I carried your voice in my heart and my veins. What you need if you left my battle. I fed the wind my verses and embellished it. If the swords of fire were not my rhyme. I believed in the letter .. Either dead or not. Or erect an gallows infection. I believed in the letter ... fire does not hurt then. You ash me or was my tyrant. If it fell ... and my flag is enough. People will write over the grave:. he did not die . ==========. ==========. We commend what. . Honey, lips and hands. Two glasses of wines ... for others .... Doh fan and oak thrush. Small comb. For others ... and your chest silk, dew and daisy. Plush brushes. To others. . And I am on your black bracelet Watched. I thirst for sand .. and nerves of fireplaces. Of slammed doors Donny ?. Any tyrant and genie. I will love you saw. Although the witness is poured into the cups of others. Oh bee. I only accepted jasmine lips. ==========. ==========. About a human being. . They put chains on his mouth. They tied his hands to the dead rock. And they said: You are a killer. . They took his food, clothes, and jugs. And they threw him in the dead cell. They said: You are a thief. They kicked him out of all harbors. They took his little sweetheart. Then they said: You are a refugee. . Oh bloodied eyes and palms . The night is fleeting. No parking room is left. And don&#39;t chain the chains. Nero is dead, and Rome has not died .... With her eyes fighting. Spike grains will die. The valley will fill Sanabel ... ==========. ==========. Three pictures. . . It was the moon. As usual since our cold. Sadness in his forehead is thunderous .... tributaries ... tributaries. Near a village fence. Fall sad. Sharda ..... He was my lover. As usual since we met contributed. Clouds in his eyes. He planted a cloudy horizon .... and fire in his lips. She tells me an epic .... and at night he still reads dreamy hair. He asks me for a gift .... and a verse. Finely. . My dad was. As usual, tired load. Loaf chases wherever he went .... for his sake ... fighting foxes. Children are made .... and dirt .... and planets .... my little brother is worn out. His clothes ... So sir. And my older sister bought socks. And everyone in our house makes demands. And my father as usual. Retrieves the Punisher. And spoil the soup. And make children .... and dirt .... and planets. . ==========. ==========. Message from exile. . . Greetings ... and a kiss. I do not have what to say yet. Where do I start? ..And where do I end? And the cycle of time without limit. And everything in my west. Zouwada, with dry loaf, found. A notebook carries some of my load on me. I spit on his pages the hatred. Where do I start? And all that was said and said after tomorrow. It does not end in bite .. or a touch of a hand. The stranger does not return home. It does not rain. The feathers do not grow on. Wing of a lost bird ... sigh. Where do I start. Greetings .. And a kiss .. And yet ... I say to the radio ... Tell her I am fine. I say to the bird. If you encounter her, bird. Do not forget me, and say: fine. I&#39;m fine. I&#39;m fine. I still have eyesight. the moon is still in the sky . And my antique dress, until now, has not disappeared. His limbs were torn. But I dressed him ... and he&#39;s still fine. And I became a young man next to the twentieth. Imagine me ... I became twenty. And I became like a young, ma. I face life. And I carry the burden as men carry. And work. In a restaurant ... and wash the dishes. And make coffee for the customer. And I put smiles on my sad face. For the customer to rejoice. . I became twenty. And I became like a young, ma. I smoke tobacco, and lean on the wall. I say to the sweet: Ah. As others say. My brothers, what are the best girls? Imagine how many times life is. Without them ... once is life ... and my friend said: Do you have a loaf? My brothers, what is the value of a human being? If he sleeps every night ... hungry? . I&#39;m fine. I&#39;m fine. I have a brown loaf. And a small basket of vegetables. . I heard on the radio. Everyone said: We are all fine. Nobody is sad. How is my dad doing? He is not like a covenant, loves remembrance of God. And children .. and dirt .. and olives? And how are my brothers? Have they become employees? I heard one day my father say:. They will all become teachers .... I heard him say. Hungry until I buy them a book. No one in my village decries a letter in a letter. How is our sister? Is she getting older ... and got a letter? How is my grandmother doing? Did she not sit still at the door? Call us. Good ... and young people ... and reward. How is our home? And the smooth threshold ... and the faces ... and the doors. I heard on the radio. Messages of the homeless ... of the homeless. they are all fine . But I am sad .... I almost thought. The radio did not carry news of you, even if sad. And if sad. . Night, ma hungry wolf thug. The stranger chases wherever he goes ... what have we gained, ma? Until we die twice. Once we die in life. And once we die when death . Do you know what that fills me crying ?. Hebei fell ill one night ... and my body ravished the disease. Do you mention the evening. An immigrant came here ... and did not return home? Do you mention the evening. Tenants died without a shroud? Willow forest, will you remember? That who threw it under your sad shadow. Like a dead person? Do you remember that I am a human being? And you save my corpses from robbing robbers? Ma, ma. Whoever wrote these papers. Which mail are you carrying? You blocked the path of righteousness, seas and horizons .... And you, ma. My father, my brothers, my family, my comrades ... you may be alive. You are probably dead. You may be like me without a title. What is the value of a human being? Without a homeland. Without knowledge. Without a title. What is the value of a human being? What is the value of a human being? Without a homeland. Without knowledge. Without a title. What is the value of a human being? ===========. ===========. About wishes. . Do not tell me :. I wish a seller of bread in Algeria. To sing with Thaer. Do not tell me :. I wish for a livestock in Yemen. I sing for the uprisings of time. Do not tell me :. I wish I had a coffee shop worker in Havana. I sing for the sorrows of victories. Do not tell me :. I wish to work in Aswan a little porter. To sing to the rocks. . My friend . The Nile will not flow into the Volga. Neither Congo, nor Jordan, in the Euphrates. Every river, and has a spring ... and course ... and life. My friend ... our land is not sterile. Every land has its birth. Every dawn, and it has a revolting date. =======. =======. Sadness and anger. . The sound in your lips does not pop. And the fire in your lungs is not overpowering. And Abu your father on the shoes of a hardened immigrant, her lips give you exceptions and her breasts milk. So why not get angry. . Yesterday we met on the way to night time from Hanan. Your lips are pregnant. All whine missed oaks. And I told it for the fifty time. Love so and so. And a cognac bottle. And tents and Yamani sword. In vain, it numbs your open wound. Orgy of bottles. In vain, volunteer, as a night fire unbridled aspirations. The wind in your lips is destroying the songs. So why not get angry. . They said smile to live. Your eyes smiled on the way. And your eyes were cleared of a heart that blazes the fire. And you swore to me, I am happy, buddy. I read the philosophy of slave smiles. Wine, green and graceful body. If you see my blood with your wine How to drink, buddy. . The ruins village. And Natur and land and yap. And the trunks of your olives. Boom or crow nests. Who prepared the plow this year. From my god dirt. Oh you where is your brother where is your father. They are a mirage. Where do you come from wall security. Or landed from the clouds. You see you protect the dignity of the dead. And at the end of the night a door was touched. And do not get angry. . I love it. I loved you. She shuddered at her shady braids. Was Beautiful. But she danced on my grave and my few days. And others surrounded the long dance floor. You and I admonish history. And the science that lost manhood. who are we. Let the streets snappy. He tells of our dead flag. So why not get angry. . We grieved for years and the morning did not come. And sadness is a fire that suppresses the days of our desires. And awakened by the wind. And the wind you have, how to curb it. You have no weapon. Except for meeting wind and fire. In a permissible homeland. =========. =========. The most beautiful love. . As the grass grows between the joints of a rock. We found strange days. And the spring sky consisted of a star and a star. And I was writing a love paragraph. Your eyes sung her. Your eyes know that I have waited too long. I also wait for the summer bird. And the sleep of immigrants grew. So eye sleep to wake up long She cries for her sister. We are two lovers until the moon sleeps. And we know that hugs and kisses. Spinning nights food. And that the morning calls for my steps to continue. On the trail a new day. Friends we will go near me enough stop. Together we make news and songs. Why do we ask this path to any destiny? Walk us. And from where our feet touched. I just think you are walking. together forever. Why are we looking for crying songs? With an ancient poetry book. And we ask, O our love, does it last? I love you, love caravans, an oasis of grass and water. And love of the poor loaf. As the grass grows between the joints of a rock. We found strange days. And we always stay companions. ==========. ==========. Craving for light. . What excites people if we walk in the light of day? I carried the handbag and umbrella for you. And you took your hole at the corner of the wall. And I picked a kiss. Your eyes. I dream to see your eyes sleepy one day. I see the calm of the sea at sunrise. Your lips. I dream to see your lips
The great novelist, Prince of Taj Al-Sir, tells wonderful viewers and creators. From the memory of the wives. The Arab Spring House will be published by the Cairo International Book Fair
good. . The service is bad
Very briefly. God reward you ..
Until my hands loosen about what they hold on to cover my face with me and my soul started crying with a refreshing duo, the end removed from me an unknown veil so that my soul rose up gently crying and trembling, those last and final words, the end when my vision fell on it passed over my minds a long struggle and happiness, sadness, victory and defeat, those souls Which was refreshing, believing, aware of its weakness and denying it at the same time, all of which appeared in front of my imagination as heroic immortal souls, I completed its mission to the fullest extent, I have always believed in this, victory is not only that you raise your flag and dictate your terms is not defeat that your enemy defeats you and expels you, but the true victory It is your intention and the survival of your soul An autonomous mechanism, how many of these heroes who were on the gallows as if they were on the revered thrones, I imagined the lion of the desert Omar Al-Mukhtar as he was lifted hanged or thrown from the plane of God knows best, he seemed a king crowned on his throne and those enemies who bound him were similar to what he once served so My new old hero, whom I have known almost only today, General Osman Bator, this novel, despite being very simple in terms of literary terms, there are not many rhetorical images and methods nor a poetic style. It was beautiful in its content, was lines Leah in lost rule, in fact, the prince of Qomoul and the little princess and the story of Khatun and I am her father and the commander Nayaz Haji and Mansour the poor martyr and the dear novel Mustafa, and finally my beloved hero in the novel Star of the Night that mysterious burning character, you loved her, the character that represents the sacrifice at the expense of misunderstanding from the source Rushing to judge others, how many people of Turkistan have suffered to preserve their religion and sanctities? How much this people has provided us with other hereafter, our Imam Al-Bukhari from that honorable land. On the right, this does not mean that the inevitable victory will come from yours only you, you are a Muslim, it is only that you are a Muslim and insist on preserving the light of your faith throughout your little heart. There are a lot of simple words and sentences, I shook my being, it was deep, intense, nice, fragile and solid, this novel brought me to many ideas that really meant to me a lot, it is more like a continuous narration, because it was satisfied with it, did not need more Ornaments, the reason for which is the idea, to get to me a picture of a time of great times, great events that took place in the land of Turkestan. I conclude my burning words with the last of what Gen. Othman said in the novel before their last battle. Dear friends, we will enter the battle, and those of you who are alive let us carry the story of our struggle and our long suffering for the sleeping Muslim nations in the south, in the Levant, the Arab Maghreb, in Indonesia, India, and Pakistan. And they will have a great battle in which they will triumph in God. Tell the Muslims on the outskirts of the earth not to believe the enemy&#39;s newspapers and do not trust his history, his philosophy and his call. I also want to shout at the top of my voice, repeating that last sentence. Tell the Muslims on the outskirts of the earth not to believe the enemy&#39;s newspapers and do not trust his history, his philosophy, and his call. Tell the Muslims on the outskirts of the earth not to believe the enemy&#39;s newspapers and do not trust his history, his philosophy, and his call. Tell the Muslims on the outskirts of the earth not to believe the enemy&#39;s newspapers and do not trust his history, his philosophy, and his call
Exceptional. I liked the proximity to the sanctuary. Small room size, lack of Wi-Fi, weak restaurant services, as there is only a buffet and the price per person is real
Wonderful. Price for value. Unavailability of buses during prayer times
Good and bad together. I liked the beach although it was narrow and the barbecue in the afternoon and the price was also proportional to the service. The internet is not free, the parking is small and small, the reception smells bad and the receptionist treatment is not nice and the number of bathroom towels is small
Beautiful and its phrases are very simple .. You start with it and do not leave it until you finish it. Like :
The only thing that I can describe with this work is that it is high-end .. My hands do not fall these days except on this beautiful type of books and novels .. This is what he calls literature in my opinion
Taif is sweeter with Meridian Al-Hada. The location and view of the hotel are hospitality, service, and cleanliness of rooms. Quick response to requests. Having a banner reserved for a significant number of restaurant tables is totally unacceptable
Excellent. Very good stay at the hotel. Net belts are very weak
Excellent and I would recommend staying in it. . The speed of the staff in opening the room and also when leaving Allowing inmates to smoke in the lobby when ordering a coffee shop makes the hotel smell unacceptable and in violation of public health laws that make a non-smoker inhale the polluted air.
Wonderful. Luxury, tranquility and good handling by the hotel staff. Away from most tourist places
It was said about him the honest and the pure. On prior knowledge of most of what was mentioned in the book. Chilling book
Excellent . Everything is beautiful. I asked for a birthday cake to be prepared on the day I arrive .. but I didn’t offer anything until the next day.
half and half : . Are they negligent and they are already heedless? Then I return to him ... I stay with him and together we die and then we are born again these two threats:. I personally loved Nabati for his ideas. His way of thinking is different. Youssef Zidan drew my attention to his civilization and a history of my ancestors that everyone neglected. The Nabateans are strong and holders of civilization. The great thing about it is the smooth transition between two civilizations. Islam and Christianity. Two dates and two cultures. Awi loved Nabati and his night character. Nocturnal, more character affected in the novel
Excellent for young adults but needs soundproofing. Everything is beautiful. There are no sound insulators
A more than wonderful book that summarizes Egyptian life in fifty years and the amount of decline we have reached
The hotel is an address for rest. The reception staff is at the pinnacle of ethics, taste and art in dealing with Professor Marwa Hassan in dealing with paperless words and beautiful style, thanks to them all. Taxi and limousine service
Muhammad Al-Rattian is a name that I respect very much. Simple and thoughtful book I enjoyed and benefited from his advice. The idea of this book is very impressive
Thanks . A very clean and elegant hotel and the staff are great. The reception is a very respectable young man. His name is Ahmed Gamal. He was very nice and helpful. nothing
A wonderful . Excellent location, close to everything you need. The receptionist is good, but if the ticket is away
I think that the novel is very beautiful. It was performed by four stars. The writer came out of it from the perspective of horror, which we are accustomed to magic, visited, and so forth. Nor was our Lord M Khalkash other than ungodly from the jinn, and we forgot that among them is his religion, Islam. I liked the writer’s method. The novel is beautiful, but the end is not my liking, it&#39;s a bit ordinary, and if it were not for the different tastes, the goods would have gone out, and this was the reason for the stars.
My first trip to Abu Dhabi. Guidance, comfort, recreation, nature and the general view.
good. Suitable for long stays, close to the Dubai Mall, the sweet area is good. The toilet facilities are not enough, the towels are for one person even though the reservation is for two people, the soundproofing of the toilet is poor, the cold water does not work
A light novel that forces you to finish it in one sitting. As usual, Ghazi moves your mind and imagination together in an attempt to link his fictional events with a reality very similar to them in a plot that shows many hidden secrets and events behind the scenes.
Chess and we are Asakr and surprising
A striking contrasting title. A beautiful and real book. As if I was reading to a friend whom I have known for a long time tasting the pain, knew the pain, depression and disappointment .. No hero needed dictionaries to read it. May I say I read a friend as a writer, not a book. The departure of life for beginners one and twenties: touched me personally and wrote me. Gould and Jameson Laws and other things: Do not object. . Look like me ...
Excellent. The hotel is very nice, clean, and deserves a visit and a morning session on the lake, and breakfast is amazing. I would recommend visiting it.
To Abdullah was raised. I don&#39;t know which language you speak. All I do is that you can speak the language of the soul, know it well, and learn how to sneak into it. When I started reading the novel, I felt as though it was a gouman, but I felt that Joumana was speaking with my tongue, every sentence, every word, and every old feeling, as if it was a spirit that took over me. I pray to God for success
Very convenient as services for the price. The hotel is clean and comfortable and very affordable for its services. The hotel bus does not reach the campus, but for parking close to the campus and you need to walk minutes to reach the campus and minutes back from the campus to the bus, which is tiring
A book of more than wonderful wonderful writing style, useful greatly
Wonderful. crew. There is no Wi-Fi
nice book. It shows the writer&#39;s feelings from nice words and beautiful topics. As if he is shaking what is inside us. Spread margins topics. A wonderful book that I had the pleasure of
I do not imagine the impact of the book like this in the time of the seventies was a factor how we are now reading it after its publication a year and two months ago. Ali Shariati is such a great thinker and this great book. My law spoke about how the West despised our religion, culture, and literature, and how we despised ourselves and despised our language to the extent that we became proud of forgetting our mother tongue and speaking fluently in foreign languages, so we dissociated ourselves from our identities and became Western mutants. My law speaks of Istihammar, which is falsifying the mind and keeping it out of psychological and societal know-how. There is a mockery in the name of religion, such as Sufism, and he called for leaving the world and making do with worship inside the houses. This is mockery in the name of religion. Likewise, how the Muslims were on the days of our master Omar, asking him for a fair trial because they saw Ziyad in their garment on his garment, so our master Omar came with his son to explain the matter to them. But during the reign of Bani Abbas, one of the princes held a husband’s party in which the people had eaten food for days, then the animals ate from it and then left to rot. So what kinds of imitation were exposed to during the era of Bani Abbas. There is an imitation in the name of civilization and consumerism: when you sell what used to provide you with income and it is considered a source of money for you to buy a car, then you are naturally consumed and consumed, so this wealth comes out of the Arab countries .. We are the world of Western things, but we are consumers who are not productive and we remain subordinate to them. God have mercy on my law and God forgave him
Confident that your time was not in vain, the one who knows those who are not fit for it has magically known the desired good ... I don’t know if you devoured the pages or it was they who devoured me. In the beginning, the author talks about Alexandria, a city that has its own irresistible charm And in the winter in particular .. I was very impressed by the description of the characters, especially Mansour Bahi and Sarhan El-Behery. It was more than wonderful, especially the complex Mansour Bahi formula ... They are four personalities who meet by chance, and they all differ between them in actions, character composition, and everything, but one thing unites them. That farming girl, in which I saw strength and perseverance. And her insistence on learning to rebel against her ignorance and society&#39;s view of her, and her strength to face the circumstances and challenge her to the people of her village, I do not call her a flight, but rather a challenge and finally at the end of the novel when she decided to start again and face life .. life does not end with the end of the lives of others .. A wonderful novel, in any case, written in a literal style that is not without excitement and suspense and can only be mastered by a few creators of writing, the first of whom is the Arab literature giant Naguib Mahfouz .. To believe and work, this is the ideal .. Do not believe, then this is another way called loss .. To believe And unable to work, this is hell, Naguib Mahfouz
Abu Dhabi is not. The general atmosphere of the hotel is luxurious, simple and relaxing.
Park Hyatt Dubai. A beautiful and quiet hotel. The reservation was promoted from room to suite, one of the best hotels in Dubai. In terms of location and luxury, all employees are highly skilled and highly moral. Also, I thank my female employee, the concierge.
Fun . Modern design. Reception design
Faraj restaurant is one of the best restaurant in Alexandria, it is the original and special alley, Faraj restaurant is characterized by fresh fish such as jumbo shrimp, broth, mussels, gondafli and all seafood. As for the rest of the fish, it has a wonderful taste like Al-Waqar, Al-Mayawal, Al-Dahnis and Al-Karous, and it is characterized by some fresh authorities and Faraj fish restaurant has no other branches It is located in Souk Al-Tabbakhin Street, branching from France Street, Al Manshia, and the phone number
Beautiful and quiet location hotel. Wi-Fi parking varied breakfast. There is no ventilation in the rooms, the air conditioner sound is disturbing, and the bed is uncomfortable
Riot makes you smile against your will. Light and shady stinging, captivating text titles ,, and a great conclusion every time. A different atmosphere with lush similes and unique linguistic vocabulary. When you read it, you will feel that you are making contact with a friend. Be careful, sometimes it will frighten you. Greetings to its writer, Faisal Al-Amer
While reading this brilliant darkness, I had no political background about the coup against Hassan II, and when I finished it I remembered this book that I found in front of me more than once in the Egyptian Public Library, I did not know anything about the family of General Oufkir before this book .. His wife&#39;s testimony did what I expected Absolutely, the emotional wavy did not take her despite the fact that she talks about a prison after her capacity and her children in circumstances close to Tazmamart for years for many .. How did General Ophkir meet, and what are the circumstances of Morocco&#39;s independence and the return of Muhammad V, the exiled king despite France’s nose, her crazy relationship outside the context and she is The wife of the powerful Minister of the Interior is the one who married him M. Very early and when I knew the passionate love separated from him, how he recovered it ... the scenes of royal life and intertwined relationships and then the coup, the king killed his strong man and the nineteen years of imprisonment for his entire family ... the youngest of her children was imprisoned and he was three years old he went out at the twenty-second and he does not know the meaning of freedom, He did not walk the streets, did not meet people, and did not go to school. How did this woman see her children suffering from wasting disease and diseases in the dark, she was separated from them by eight years in which they grew up and had no right to see them despite their imprisonment. The transition from a luxurious royal life to a life of extreme descent, the escape attempts that they had planned .. This testimony is not narrative as much as that brilliant darkness is surrounded by strong nose and pride, and I almost say that it is free from bitterness, as if this woman lost everything earthly and became asceticized and became free.
A brief history of the events ... helps to arrange and understand the historical events of the reader.
Excellent pool for children. My son learned to swim in two days ,,,,. You do not find what you want directly, but you must request in order to get it. The crew needs more training in hotel services.
very good. . Frequent inconvenience from the bus owners
I would recommend staying in it. Wonderful and very quiet I recommend it, the price is excellent, and the breakfast is great. nothing
Exceptional. Yeah. There is no
I liked the idea of the book, and I often laughed at it. The mouse in the heater was always successful
Dear guest, empty your worship and leave your comfort to us. The reception staff are good at their dealings..and also the service / restaurant staff and the staff at them have a special thanks for the good and varied food as well as their great service despite the crowds and short time / Thank you all. Mattresses must be changed because they are consumed, and the bathroom set must be renewed
good. Room size and facilities are good and comfortable. The hotel is close to the metro and one stop from the Mall of the Emirates. Curses the scent scent when you enter the hotel and the scent of sewage in the bathroom of the room. When we arrived, they gave us a room that was cooled and idle.
Donkeys ... the sage has proven that they are equal with us in life and a person may be of donkey origin
We will return the visit, God willing. Excellent ... one of the best hotels in Sharjah. A little note about the sound of water pipes in a room sometimes
Literature, thought, history, lesson in language, lesson in religion, education and ethics. It is a lot of things between two covers of a book. I read it for the second time. And this time it is also beautiful. God have mercy on my Sheikh ...
I laughed from my heart and cried from my heart. . O Rita was greater than this. . And God protects Egypt and its good people and makes it clear to us, O Lord: The missed prophecies in the book are fulfilled or almost.
Very enjoyable vacation and enjoyable hotel. The hotel is beautiful in all respects .. When I made the reservation I asked for a smoking room and unfortunately they put me in a non-smoking room and asked for a switch and informed me that there is no room for smokers
Exceptional. everything. The absence of Ahwaz in the toilets
It was a beautiful and comfortable stay. Site hosting breakfast. Having only one bathroom in an apartment consisting of two rooms is a small apartment, and there are not enough parking spaces.
I enjoyed reading the book a lot. Ghazali&#39;s style is simple, smooth, and rationally discussed. Controversial topics such as issues of women, singing, and religion between customs and acts of worship, demonic abuse, and the Antichrist, etc. .. Most of the topics are mentioned as examples for communicating the idea of the book and it is very clear, if the hadith differed with the Qur’an, even if it was from Sahih Al-Bukhari and especially the hadiths For the hadith is presented and the basis is the book of God, which does not come from false hands or from behind. It saddens me that today we see emotionalism and increased enthusiasm in many Sheikhs. How much we need more rationality and consideration of theological and religious matters. May Allah reward us the best reward
In total, you see the full heel while you&#39;re in the room. The elevator from the room to the reception directly to the square, what needs to change the elevator until the Al-Haram square reaches some view of the Kaaba is in the corner of the room and some have a view of the entire room
The novel is not a word that can be matched by beauty, it is a masterpiece .... I like your terminology, love of Leith, the image of the mother of Hanin, Hanin, her loss, and the emergence of the hero, Laith Tani..I liked me very much. Dictating claws, the first time I read it, I felt the amount of feelings I felt like my daughter, Iwooh, but it is a masterpiece ... seriously, Fatoom, there will be a great need in the future, may God protect you and help you always. I love you in God
It is really difficult to write about such a novel, even the word novel seems somewhat deficient in its expression. There are things that we have to carve words that describe them alone, only alone. It is like separating a word from its meaning, and its hesitation remains only to enjoy the pronunciation of the endings of letters: medmac; adjacent; mandoha; insertion; No matter what those words mean, I just see them beautiful, and you deserve to be bored. And doing the same thing with the novel requires a clear mind that is not far from it, a good amount of distance and time.
One of the most beautiful books I have read is how Isabelle tries to get rid of the pain of her daughter&#39;s illness by writing and telling ... the book is almost a social biography of the writer, and the political and social circumstances that she lived ... the language of the book is the language of Isabel Allende deep and gentle ... Writing is a long examination of the depths of the soul, a journey to the darkest caves of consciousness and slow meditation. I write, touching in silence, and discovering on the way, parts of the truth, small plumps of glass that widen the palm of the hand and justify my passage in this world .. ....... There is no certainty and we do not like confrontations, but rather we prefer them Negotiating ... ........ Life is a maze of opposite mirrors and distorted images .. ....... It is impossible to go back in time. We must not look back, but I cannot give up looking back, however. An idea dominating my mind .. ....... I put my hands on my heart, close my eyes, and focus my thoughts. There is something dark inside. It seems at first, like the air at night, transparent darkness, but it soon turns into an impermeable lead ... ......... Although we rarely reach an agreement between us, it is the longest love in my life. She talks about her mother .. ....... And I think that this feeling of isolation is the one that generates the questions that lead to writing and by searching for answers she generates books .. ........ Always think that others are They are more afraid of you ... ........ The deeper the wound, the more severe the pain is .... ....... But what cannot be forgiven is that it is the mothers themselves who reinforce the system and give it permanence by raising them with arrogant sons and daughters. Bonded, and if they agreed among themselves to do so in another way, they could eliminate male domination within one generation ... ........ And I have become cautious now when I write because I realized that what is not true today may become true Tomorrow .. ....... I was not clean and there was no one clean. Within each of us there is a latent teratoma we all have a dark and evil side .. ....... what will happen to this great void which is me right Now ? What will I fill myself with when not one straw remains of ambition? ...... They say that the books never end but rather the author is the one who simply announces his defeat .. ...... I knew that the journey through pain ends with an absolute emptiness and upon my sins it is revealed to me that the void is filled with everything that the universe includes that it is nothing And everything at the same time
I finished a wonderful novel by the author Ahmed Tawfiq N. Al-Sangja, Al-Sirajah, Al-Sijja, Al-Sabha Al-Sarjha, a village. Each word of this word carries a symbol and remembrance in the novel. This novel Sinja is pain, poverty is injustice, it is corruption, addiction is rape, betrayal is harassment, and it is meanness, which is bitter, pernicious and greedy. From its villages, it has inevitably gone through some of the lines that drew a broad smile on the face or a simple laugh or a chuckle that almost heals the place. As for the rest of the lines, it is torment because it is real and the truth is always painful. Tears in the kneeling and humiliation evident before I threw these scenes, which seemed to have come specifically for the excitement from the viewpoint of the reader, but it is true to raise the heart and eye before anything else. I read before and after that, but it will remain in the mind. It will be present because it represented the revolution, which had no revolution and because it was simulating the reality or it may be the reality. For the wonderful Dr. Ahmed Tawfiq
After I was a hero, I was reading this novel for a long time. It forced me to read again. I like it very much in its trendy language, which you feel you live in the story. You do not read a literary work. A question that I have for friends, I want someone to nominate me, two stories, on the same path, as well, but not for Ahmad Murad, because I concluded the stories collectively?
God is great God is great. With the call to prayer, I finished the book. If only all people would know who Muhammad is. You have the best prayer and complete the rendition, darling, O Messenger of God
One of the most beloved of the books to myself, I read it a while ago, and I am still excited by it .. This book completes the addition of Salah Issa, who is distinguished in writing history, and it is the template that embodies the historical material as imagined by the writer pulsing on the ground. That is, it does not stop at the level of collection, documentation and arrangement of matter, but it also imagines it ... to the side that we may feel a hint of the novel or the story, we see before us history as life, and relationships at different levels such as life around us now, but it happened at a different time .. This template returns the soul In the past, it became a two-dimensional graphic, burdened with the divergences of divergent interest filters that must be dyed into historical material as it passes through. It adds to the dimension of time and space after the socio-economic and cultural situation that creates a living environment for events. Then he adds a fourth dimension: the drama, as you can imagine. We see the date, regardless of its age, as if we had visited people we know, perhaps our neighbors, but not by place, but by time, or perhaps in another human era .. Salah Issa sees that he has completed his story in the men of the robe and serenity and then in the Princess and Effendi. However, we may find that this is what he wished for, but not necessarily what can be touched in the two books already. In the book “Raya and Sukinah Men,” we find the beautiful template, with information, extra information, and information that was needed on its chest, crouched until it almost buried it. This is because the writer obtained the records of the investigations with the gang. And he saw that as a comparative advantage for him that he should take advantage of. As for the book Princessa and Effendi, we do not find living personalities from the past, but we find gossip with the writer&#39;s confession that there is no life in it, and unfortunately, there is no meaning or pleasure. Perhaps the reason is because the writer came closer to the age of grandparents and gossips, or because this was more profitable for the publisher and writer, because of course he may achieve more sales.
Wonderful. . Most taxi drivers find it difficult to infer the location of the hotel even though it is close to the Dubai Mall .. It needs publicity or a more clear description of its name and address
I advise you when my voice barks. Do not be afraid of a genie or a ghost. And if you were born on the day of the imp, ask him. Why don&#39;t you defend yourself one day. And my wonder
Very beautiful hotel, but the sound insulation is very poor. The hotel, frankly, is beautiful, in terms of proximity to the Sacred Mosque, cleanliness, respect for customers, and the speed of meeting our requests. The only thing that bothered me was the lack of sound insulation. The room in which I had two doors other than the main door. Each door leads to the adjacent room. Of course, these two doors are closed with the key so that others hear me while I hear them. My little girl was with me for months who kept crying and annoyed the neighboring rooms and they complained to the receptionist who In turn, he calls me and tells me: You are making a noise, so I told him that she is an infant and we cannot silence her easily. And another day, my daughter cried as usual, and I heard a woman from the other room telling us: My God, may God bless you. This is the only thing that bothered me. My wife and I whispered and spoke in a low voice for fear that others would hear us. Another minor drawback was the Wi-Fi was very poor
Great hotel. Everything is in expectation.
The book has a great influence in changing the way I think and my view of things .. It is very wonderful that guides the importance of the subconscious and is the spiritual force that is inside you, its only disadvantage is the repetition of information and events.
Featured . Location .
good. Almost everything is excellent. Exploiting everything, even the Internet, with money
Excellent . Location / prices / service and hygiene.
Excellent. The open buffet is very nice, whether for breakfast or suhoor, the reception treats a summit of taste and the hotel is generally excellent.
My God . It was a good choice for this novel to be the first book I finish in a year ... I do not know how to describe it. The pages of the book were like travel tickets that took me to all parts of the forgotten world ... I did not know anything about the history of the sprawling cities on the outskirts of the world such as Samarkand, Tashkent and Bukhara .. On the lands of Uzbekistan and beyond the river .. Those cities that got rid of the Communist rule that he left behind, losing power ... At the end of the novel only know who is the hero of this novel .. An Egyptian fleeing from his past to know the light of God fleeing from his past also and from cars The police chasing him ... The novel permeated many charming stories ... the stories of Tamerlane ... the endless domes in S. Al-Muddana is decorated with delicate mosaics .. stories of the Roma… the Jews and Russians’s neighborhoods .. the life of Sufism in a country that recently knew Islam ... Egypt in a way that captivates the reader. This novel is one of the most beautiful things I have read .. This novel is a space to travel without having to leave your seat ... Just let your imagination unleash
A sane person cannot write an epic like a hundred years of isolation ... I almost swear that Marquis is a madman.
Yesterday we sang to a star over a cloud. And we indulged in tears. Yesterday we blamed the varicose veins and the moon. And nights and destiny. And women like us. The clock is ticking and the tents are getting drunk. And on the beat of his narcotic songs. We have been miserable. O comrades poets. We are in a new world. He passed away, so whoever writes a poem In the time of wind and corn. It creates prophets. Mahmoud Darwish
And keep asking ... Will black lions ever fit me ???
Sweet . The sweetest thing is the massage center in the hotel, as well as the cleanliness of the apartments, the presence of a private driver in the hotel, God willing, there is a noticeable improvement in the hotel ..
Very beautiful .. in a sweet way that addresses the soul
Wonderful. Everything was beautiful and the Wi-Fi is free. We stayed in a two-bedroom apartment and it was a wonderful space and design and everything is complete in it. Even the bathrooms have a bidet. nothing
A group of Abd al-Wahhab Mutawa articles distinguished by their diversity, fine literary language, and calm, balanced style. Great book, I think I wouldn&#39;t hope if I read it again
It is true that the stories in this group did not touch me in any human form except that the four stars of the highly sophisticated literary style from the great writer Ibrahim Aslan ... The third book he read to him and I noticed that he is distinguished from the rest of the writers that he can create from a very ordinary position a highly sophisticated literary saga
Nice hotel. Everything, location, hygiene, parking, comfort. nothing
Insurance and bar. . The room reservation was made by booking dot. How much by credit card when arriving to the residence? I was surprised by the receptionist Marcus to ask for an amount of dirham as security for a period of nights and that he would hand it over to me upon departure, but on the time of departure the Indian receptionist informed me that the nationality amount was transferred to the cost of housing instead of the amount reserved in the card and this It caused me a lot of tension and anxiety because I may have been paid the cost of housing twice, which forced me and for a week endured the suffering of communicating with the Ocean View Hotel and communicating with a person who speaks the Arabic language and spoke with him, but without interest and I was told that my topic is at the reception and contact was made to get No, someone asked to speak Arabic but I was informed that at this time there is none, but my phone number was taken for the purpose of communicating with me by someone who speaks Arabic from the reception and represents the Ocean View Hotel, but I did not receive any contact from you and also the suffering of contacting the bank to make sure that the amount of the cost of housing was deducted once Only one. Also, the bill of the minibar was not disclosed to its details. This is what I did not like in the Ocean View Hotel and it caused me a lot of tension and anxiety and affected me negatively in the pleasure of travel and accommodation, and so everything is excellent for the Ocean View Hotel and you have all my thanks and appreciation
The plot is excellent and interesting, but I do not like the parts of torture and exaggeration in Sadia.
Exceptional. Everything is beautiful and arranged. There is no shattaf in the bathroom, may God honor you
Good for short business trips to get close to some venue. The staff is helpful and cheerful.
There is still great hope in the Emirati novel. I repeated this phrase as soon as I finished Retaj&#39;s novel by creative writer Hamad Al Hammadi. Most of my readings are a taunt for veteran Arab novelists, but I often read novels&#39; works because I believe that every writer starts small ... far from many and many Emirati novels that do not deserve the title of a novel sometimes, and I found this work by Hammadi as the best Emirati novel I have read so far. The novel is full of professional suspense that even some great writers cannot master. As for the plot, it is very professional, frankly, it is perhaps the only Emirati novel that has plot to my knowledge. The novel deals with the life of the young woman Retaj and her struggle in life in a battle that combines her cousin, her husband, the Muslim Brotherhood, and the State Security Agency in a recipe that is said to be the least of them struck by Al-Hammadi. Its events unfold with suspense and charm and many many questions that are only revealed in the shock of the end .. The novel is for those who love romance with the character of action, rapid movement and successive events .. For the first time in my life I would recommend reading an Emirati novel, Retaj&#39;s story is very worth reading because fate, as Ritaj says, destiny Like any mysterious man who does not reveal his papers once.
Excellent . Hotel cleanliness, privileged location, comfort and tranquility. The rooms and bathrooms are very small
Exceptional. I liked everything. nothing
Good stay in a nice hostel I visited many times in Milan for work and this time I was injured when I listened to a friend of mine advised me to stay in a hostel and in my last stay after visiting the furniture exhibition and upon my arrival and after a good reception I need a higher class room at a normal price I stayed in The heart of Milan with fine services and clean rooms is recommended by everyone
Good reception. The Brotherhood in the reception did not shaalt them.
A wonderful book, as usual, Bin Nabi always. It deals with the problem of civilization and presents a simple form equation of the factors that lead to it, which is man, soil and time, and how to advance them and exploit them to achieve the conditions of renaissance.
Excellent. Everything is nice and there is a market in the same building. nothing
Do not try to face destiny ...
The shipping is fast .. The commodity is as in the advertisement .. And as I mentioned the most important feature in it is that its size is small .. and there is no problem ... Thank you
Exceptional. The creek.
Exceptional. It was a good night&#39;s sleep. Positions
I want and the reason justifies to me what I want and never the opposite. Everything subject to the will is secondary to her. The straw in the sea driven by the current. And the branch on the tree is driven by the wind. And man alone ... is the one who. It is driven by his will ..
Beautiful trip . The site is beautiful. Air conditioning
Very relaxing and quiet. . The handling style of the staff in general is excellent.
More beautiful than I expected. . Only parking is not available
Beautiful, it is an imaginary dialogue between Dr. Mustafa. And his imaginary atheist friend ,. Some questions did not improve her answer completely. But most of it was convincing and logical. I recommend reading it.
After a long suffering, I ended up reading this creamy book, which contained information about the church at the time, and the book talks about prestige and adventures in the wire of monasticism and medicine, but I do not see well in the monastic corps from my point of view, due to his adventures with Octavia, Martha, and the love of the beautiful knowledgeable Hepatia who was the victim of knowledge and injustice The Church and the clergy have loved it and I have pity on it, because I am a fan of philosophy, but the book has benefited from the first and foremost language. And the parts that affected me in the book. I felt a spirit pulling from the ribs, the tree trunk penetrated, then it immersed in its deep roots and penetrated into the heart of its high branches. It was my being swaying with its leaves and falling down with the fall of the leaves from its branches. I felt my heart flowing like water between my ribs, and then the air circulating in the sky, the sea, the houses and the remaining camels. For prayer, it is like magic, it is a soul for life and a heart for sadness If we deviate from the fold of faith, we are alone, and we become prey torn by claws of anxiety and thoughts
Raffles bead. Service and hygiene. The crowd in the cocktails takes a quarter of an hour less than it gets to the room
A book that draws attention to things that you find around us, and we do not curse them. Doctrines, policies, doctrines, doctrines, etc.
Ok. This is a heartache. I think about the life of each one of us, a couple, not knowing that it is permissible for one reason or another .. Our society is old, we are all, and religions of all religions are codified by this failure, and they are encouraged by it. It is not clear to me that the essence of religion is different from its application, the conclusion is that we are living in the end with what pleases God .. If it was who we are in it, he is the one who pleases God, he will remain deficient in all religions .. My heart ache me when he said that it was the last time I saw Mary and returned I read what was said again and my heart made me more .. I am searching for any trace of Hamad Atallah between the lines .. This is a genius thing .. He is completely involved in the situation .. The case deserves this truth .. I ended it with a heavy heart .. The star is missing because of the misery that we have There is no shortage of the novel.
. Number one in the Haram Hotels, in short, the breakfast is more than great.
Awesome. The location is beautiful, the hotel is very clean, the staff is friendly and the service is excellent. Give me free breakfast for three people without charge. The only thing I didn&#39;t like about the bathroom door
The most amazing place on earth. Everything was perfect. They treated one another like a king. The only bad thing is to book through the Mada hotel chain and deal with Edna. It&#39;s very annoying and all you care about is getting money. This hotel and resort needs to give it a touch of the 21st century as we are using a credit card there is an almost impossible issue. They will tell you that they do not accept credit cards but they do. The food is average and is like a buffet for food served on cruise ships every day. Generally once you start the safari trip things get excellent
excellent . Janitorial and services.
My sweetest days in Dammam. I hope they adjust Arab coffee better than the one currently available. nothing
And the homeland remains my first love, this novel is more than a title. Do not be fooled by the title, as it is not love between a young man and a girl. The novel talks about several historical facts that the nation lived through. On Palestine in the 1930s, on revolutions before the catastrophe, on the Palestinian cause, and on the treachery that it suffered from the era of the Mandate, through the Nakba and the setback, and until Oslo through a story told by the narrator. I do not know a land that has been sold the most. What is my national sale? How is what is already sold many times sold? Arabs sell to Europe, Europe gives it to Jews, and Jews are killed, and so it is still sold until now .. It will take you magic charms through the novel to the era of the British Mandate until the time of the Palestinian struggle against The English and the Jews. To the League of Arab States disappointed to the era of revolutions, the holy jihad to the leader Abu Kamal, and the leader Abdul Qadir Al-Hasani to the victories, disappointments and betrayals, then reveal the Nakhshun plan more than a year ago. Even the Braver scheme. It makes you live among several times in one book between the distant past, which is the 1940s, on the authority of Abdel Qader Al-Husseini, about his impending victory, and how he left Jerusalem to the Levant in the end of March of the year. A meeting of the leaders of the Military Committee for Palestine of the League of Arab States in search of a weapon that Arab leaders were hiding in its warehouses to face with rejection humiliation. And the responses of these leaders that this weapon is intended for the Salvation Army, that army that Palestine did not see to give birth, saying its famous sentence that I hold you responsible after you left my soldiers in the face of their victories without aid or weapons ... She tells stories of heroes who loved the land and the struggle. The country was their first love. The disappointments were their future despite all the individual achievements. As a result of ignorance and stupidity that makes the masses rally around the idea of the leader and the leader, the fate of a nation is linked to the fate of one person .... The novel enters the recent past, which is the catastrophe and the post-catastrophe, to the unfortunate present we live in today. A novel that simulates the Palestinian reality, how it was and how it became. This is for a bigger book. Much of its title ... this book; an era in our history. a .
Your brother&#39;s coercion is null. Everything is beautiful in the hotel. Not to hand us over as I booked before because I chose a view of the sea, but there is no vacancy and the excuse was the presence of the Saudi team for bowling, according to. The employee&#39;s words and I contacted Bukking and he did not fair to me and told me to reserve you in another hotel, but my time was not allowed and I was surprised by Bukking this solution
good. The hotel is very clean and clean. The beach is very clean. Breakfast is great and varied. Frankly, the hotel is very sweet and clean, but in some notes I think it is an important task; reception staff treat them relatively differently with Arabs and very, very slow in handing over the rooms. For the purpose, the size of the beds is very small, but the hotel itself is high and the best beach. In Abu Dhabi’s opinion, there are also mosquitoes on the grass, I think it must have a solution because my daughter unfortunately visited her terrible sensitivity from the mosquito disk.
Because, oh God, eat this great ignorance that I used to live and coexist in daily. I did not read as many as I read creatively like the three Granada. When I started reading, I only became one of the people of Granada. I grieve for their sorrow and rejoice and act like them. A wonderful trilogy is enough to read a hundred books chronicling the fall of Granada. A trilogy bearing history and geography together. Thank you Dr. Radwa Ashour
More than wonderful .. I loved her, she loved her love, her credibility, and she was inspired by the reality we live despite the aesthetics of description. His star detracted Tohani in its infancy, to the point that I felt that I could not complete it, as events moved from house to house. But in reality, events coincided after that. Projecting our reality and touching it on our shortcomings to Islam has made it a truly beautiful narration.
For the second time, I read it in a very enjoyable condition
Excellent. . Late check-in at the hotel
The novel is genius in the full sense of the word. Khawla Hamdi talks about more than one topic, and I know that each topic is presented in the form of a masterpiece, which is the genius in the novel. She used to leave me with her style and expressions, I imagine every scene, sympathy and tears, and not as if I lived with them in events. I liked it very much because it talks about each religion from the point of view of people who have a different religion, and I liked it very much in its respect of the story of love that is in the novel; it proved that it is not necessary to utter words outside or scenes of indispensable crisis so as to show that which of the two they love each other. Seriously, for the first time in a year, read a Arabic novel that is so sweet and worthy of respect.
Sultan. The hotel is clean, comfortable and excellent. I liked it close to the Mall of the Emirates. The reception and lobby are great. nothing
Luxury apartments. Cleanliness and luxury.
The splendor of the description and the beauty of the expressions, I think are the two basic descriptions that revolve around this truth. I have not read a description and mixed it with the splendor of expression like what I read in this novel. Although the end of the novel is a very ordinary end, but you do not have the right to listen very strongly to expressions, forcing his beautiful language to impose itself in front of any My continent, although I am not inclined to read romantic novels, but I liked it, as it creates an atmosphere of intense familiarity for its characteristic, very excellent.
Excellent. . Exit time is too early. The internet is not fast and does not cover the entire place
A comfortable hotel and helpful staff for the farthest borders We enjoyed a lot during our stay in Istanbul and I advise those who love tranquility and comfort as well as close to the historical areas and museums away from the tram just a meter away more characteristic of the hotel is the crew that runs it from the largest one to the least member and I thank in particular both Yunus and Jehan and Ramadan.
Great place and acceptable price. The place is very cool, smooth check-in and check-out procedures, and all services are highly recommended for families. Thanks to all hotel staff.
good. Hidooooo The Internet is weak, and he asked for an increase in speed, and the employee responded with me and said he will send one of the employees but he does not attend
An amazing novel, I don&#39;t know how I allowed myself to postpone reading it all these years. I feel it should be a compulsory reading for every college student. A mind unique to George Orwell .. I would also like to pay tribute to the beautiful translation of Anwar Al-Shami. One of the best translators in my opinion.
A reassessment of the Jacobian architecture by the writer Alaa Al-Aswany. The novel deserves more than four complete stars, from my point of view it is the best literary work in the century, impressive that succeeded in presenting the human side in a way that Al-Aswany surpassed himself in addition to his ability to charm the reader with the genius of the literature of the place, as Al-Aswany managed to convey a complete picture of Egypt, No one denies that the Jacobian architecture embodied all the changes that took place in Egypt in the last fifty years .. In the first long feature work, Al-Aswany showed the splendor of his style in his ability to hold the readers ’dress up to the last line, although the works that followed were more professional, but they remain in a large His literary works are individual and different because they were made of him by the international writer Khrjtah local developed to the world .. build characters wonderful realistic Impose writer himself firmly on realism school and proved that talent must be beyond the pale light of day .. When you finish reading Yacoubian Building, you will realize that there are still those who insist on perfection and seriousness.
Better than I expected. Everything in the hotel is excellent. Especially the officials I met, especially the manager of the restaurant. Unfortunately, I do not remember his name, but he is Turkish. There is an excellent place to sit outside the hotel next to the pool. Excellent. I recommend it especially in the evening and when the weather is mild .. The presence of some invitees in the occasions marriage in front of the door Hotel with smoking, which causes embarrassment and harassment of others.
Reality is not what is recorded in the reservation site. Excellent cleanliness and security. Initially, upon logging in, we had to wait for more than a minute because there were no more than one counter working in the reception. Some of the children slept on the floor because there were not enough beds. The number of beds and the apartment is for a number of people.
The first book I read for the writer..and it will not be the last for sure..The book combines the depth of ideas with the simplicity of the presentation..and the style contains a bit of literature..The important thing is that the problem remains unresolved. There is much to be quoted, but I will just put two quotes here. Most pronouns are called necessarily the deepest misery .. Are not words the means of thought and its obstacles at the same time? Is not the thought in order to express itself to what would distort, deny, and contradict with its purpose, and be the cause of misunderstanding? Who is thought to be the mediating obstacle, so to speak?
Favorite dishes: pizza with vegetables, dough, thin, pizza with grilled chicken, thin dough, super-thick dough, chicken, and garlic bread, changed in the last period, lasagna is very delicious, and most types of pasta are grape leaves in the buffet of salads. Features: Eating delicious and flavorful, many types of dough and dough Free packaging Disadvantages: Eating greasy, ill-treatment, sometimes Jeddah branch, high prices, slow delivery
Frankly, I tend to books that focus on one basic idea and apply it on the ground. And the idea of this book in particular is a crossroads facing us all, either we live with change and we are happy like amateurs or we remain in the shell of ignorance, backwardness, stubbornness, and die by starvation. Like hem
Extremely fun. Five stories of a hero in them are an object very similar to a computer virus ... this idea. Plot, events and end of each of the five story .. very good. As for the details and the rites, they were written with intense lightning, and when you read them you will only be able to enjoy and be more involved in the story .. and laughter in many times .. From the details, without burning verses of poetry that the virus would say ... and describe it for beauty and ugliness from one side Electronic look .. and YouTube videos .. and a joke that he wrote and delivered in a forum and was surprised that people do not like it even though it is full-fledged in terms of its analysis .. and details from de Kittir. The book is flawed that in each of the five stories, some aspects were redefined and narrated in the same style and words .. If the reason was that the five stories were written individually and spaced chronologically, it would have been necessary to review them as a whole before collecting them in a book .. and if they write together some remain There was no duplication required .. I only exclude the preamble that was obtained on two pages and a text before Malverus meets Triple Zero .. It gave Triple Zero a certain prestige. The book is large in number of pages .. and light in content .. and fun .. guarantee
How can I read the book like this and what is Edelush five stars. As usual, Firas Al-Sawah ... continues the genesis of Ishtar worship in its first forms ... the mother goddess ... the earth ... the holy holy ... an evolution of the male gods&#39; control of the goddess complex in most religions ... up to the holy mother, Mary or the god ... A beautiful, enjoyable and interesting journey ... Every book of Firas Al-Sawah is frankly beautiful and enjoyable ... God willing, I will have read all of his works before the end of
Exceptional. The rooms are excellently equipped and clean and prompt response to any request.
One of the most beautiful writings of Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud ... one of the most beautiful
Vertigo. Ahmed Murad&#39;s first work is a very good start from him. It is strange that most of those who read it read it after the blue elephant and diamond dust, often. Most of the opinion agreed that if they had read it first, the evaluation would have varied and would remain more than those whom you would evaluate, so they would have the right. And Jeez, no, but I am trying to separate the novels and I do not compare to what I have been able to .. The novel on the first regular page does not attract you and does not kidnap you. After these events accelerate and kidnap you, and you still want to know what will happen next. The language is beautiful and the same way Ahmad Murad is the usual strong plot and the story is very coherent. I liked the end very much, as always I like the beautiful endings, and the truth is victorious. If any end other than that, I would be very upset. Bravo Ahmed Murad as the beginning. A beautiful novel
Excellent. Location. The problem with neighboring restaurants is not good. Beeping, the last ten days are crowded, and there is no time for prayers to wait between the prayers. Suhoor service must be provided with a stone buffet. Suhoor food made me travel
It was very painful that people did not pray ... but it was more painful, that if they prayed, they might not change ... God bless your diligence.
Drawing with words very professionally, reading and reading heart reading, searching for literary beauty, reading the mind and prospecting understanding of information, the history of the Mahdia writes rich literature with multiple angles, each story angle illuminates an aspect of Sudanese society at that stage, between the Dervishes, Sufis, Turks, Egyptians, occupied Europeans, missionaries and Negroes The strands of woven stretch of the comprehensive image of Omdurman, Khartoum, and eastern Sudan, reaching Egypt and Greece..and the most important thing in it is that we are reading the African voice in its vision of the other: the Egyptian, Turkish or European skinned faces, their whiteness is ugly and abhorrent I do not know if it comes to their white They know this African aesthetic point of view, their smell is rusty stink, and it does not differ much from the qualities that white people attribute to the people of Africa, but they add to it brutality, barbarism and ambiguity in satisfying their material and physical desires in any way, while covering that of course with the desire for civilization and development and upgrading this barbaric The savage and his world, in which they see nothing but a wondrous world worth writing about in order to amuse the civilized western in the old continent .. love, with all the understanding, fairness, desire for rapprochement and a feeling of need for the other side, not war, while I think that the author wanted to say, he is able to Shamma Combination South relationship together, and the discovery of each party to the other pros psychological and physical, meaning the discovery of the fact that witch, is the key ... Hmaantabaa reading Aloola..qtaa must be a new reading or readings ..
Wonderful. Location, reception and welcome. The bathroom smells and there is no shattaf
One of the best hotels. Excellent services and location. Elevator delay .. Wi-Fi
Create the writer in the narration, the link, the story itself ... a wonderful writer .. that part drives the heart responsible for pain ... deserves reading and thinking then ... a certain idea overcomes you after it is finished ... for all of us shy of different parts. Once you attach these parts after installing them to get your life complete. You feel that you need to change something ... it makes you sure that you will not be you after several years ..
I rested a lot. Unfortunately, I did not eat breakfast there, the room and the bed were comfortable, and the staff were cheerful, especially the alternate manager Hossam El-Keshk, the place of the hotel is close to the Dubai Mall, and the view overlooks the Khalifa Tower, and it is possible to re-live there. Many of the buildings that have a job next to it and the road to the hotel must be modified and a place for children to play was small if in the area of enlarging the room is better
very good. The reception staff, notably Mr. Hamid, was very tasteful and respectful, and the breakfast was beautiful. The pool is away from the rooms
Exceptional. Everything was excellent during my stay and the atmosphere was very wonderful. The restaurant clerk was very unacceptable
The right choice for the right budget. The second visit to the place and took it without hesitation. Canceling buses to and from Al-Haram
From the time you read my words, this is wonderful. Manar Wajdi Although she is a new talent in the world of books, she has masterfully managed to prove the magnificence of her talent in the world of writing. A very distinguished writer, very controlling of her tools, very confident of her words. Sometimes I feel she harnesses the purest and coolest words to serve her imagination. A link episode book is one of the books that was once again revoked. I have no specific books in which I read again and again, and a sure link from them. His very distinct style and idea of showing the story from the viewpoint of both parties. The idea of poetic breaks between narration to attract readers, not the coolest. Really great book for the coolest writer. I enjoyed reading it and was sad when I finished it as if I had lost a boyfriend
Writing is a revolutionary work, a collection of articles written by Nizar Qabbani over a period of three years. Article count article. Their subjects can be summarized in three categories: Poetic, political, lamentation of his son, Tawfiq .. .. Who among us does not know Nizar Qabbani, the sweet poet, who printed our hearts with love and romance. And he turned a poem into a loaf, eaten by the rich and the poor, the ignorant world, the dancer and the politician. This is Nizar as you know it. But the majority do not know that Nizar is a capable prose. His prose writings are never without poetry, beautiful narration, innovative critical ideas, irony, and a lot of audacity .. It is important that we read the other side of the visit, the critic&#39;s face, away from poetry and its temptation. Although Nizar does not cast criticism at all, he has masterfully managed to give his criticism a distinct entity and existence. Nizar, who staggered successive generations, and created multiple climates of beauty, sophistication and innovation, we still draw from them to this day and we did not grow up. Was Nizar Qabbani a poet or a coup writer? A question that may sound self-evident. But it is a legitimate question for a poet, about which criticism differed. . / =
Hotel from another world. modern techniques.
good. The proximity to the Sanctuary is excellent, the hospitality and reception, and the buffet served varied and excellent. The room is qualitatively small, the basis needs to be renewed, there is no corner to sit inside the room, only the barking beds are very, very difficult to get out of.
Exceptional. A receptionist in the evening patrol performed very beautiful and elegant and his style is more than wonderful and gives you a comprehensive idea about the hotel services Thank you his nationality I think Egyptian Thank you and there is a room tonic for clothes and a table for ironing. The view is not available in the room, in front of the Al Qaliya, MBC and MBC sports channels building only
Pretty cool rave
My undisputed favorite book. A book that I do not know how to describe the amount of feelings that I feel. Describing loss, pain and homelessness is what attracted me the most to the book and made me think of it as one of the best books in the world
A distinguished office worth reading several times for its wealth and strength.
Great book, I recommend reading it. It makes you think well about religions and their origins, and the psychological struggle that a person faces when questioning his religion
Wonderful, great restaurant, elegant and quiet atmosphere, the quality of food is excellent, the service is good, and the first restaurant I enter in Egypt is fine and the songs are calm
Great hotel. Quiet place and close to Abu Dhabi Mall.
: //. . / / .... A big jailbreak, and I&#39;m leaving the book, as if Radwa dies again. But also a great admiration for the wonderful style and delicate feeling that prayed for my entire day from lettering on paper. May God have mercy on her, Radwa, who was struggling right and from the bottom of her heart. The book was written by a friend close to me and a very lovely girlfriend, Leah
Neurological and psychological fatigue
Grilled chicken breast .. As for the rest, you are walking .. And the app was sweet for them .. then text and text
Beautiful deserves to come back with some modifications. Breakfast is good and the bed is very comfortable and the best location. Daily housekeeping service is not available
Suitable for families. Speed of entry and exit procedures. Air conditioning, window AC, not unit or central
History repeats itself. The statement is correct, but why? Why not learn from our mistakes. Why do we walk the same path leading to the abyss. All I can say is that I was disappointed after reading this book. Not only frustration, but also despair and disappointment
Fatima was born in the harem of Fez, the Moroccan city, which is five thousand kilometers west of Mecca and a thousand kilometers south of Madrid. One of the harsh capitals of Christians is their problem with the Christians, as her father says, and as is the case with women when the borders are not respected. She was born in a period of casual chaos as women and Christians were They protest the border and constantly break it. At the door of her own harem, women were constantly attacking and harassing Ahmed al-Bawab, and foreign armies were crossing the northern border. Her father says that God created the earth and what it has to separate the women and men and split the entire sea between the Christians and the Muslims, because order and harmony are not achieved unless each group respects its borders and every breach necessarily leads to chaos and misery, but the women were busy penetrating the borders, obsessed with the world outside the walls, attenuating Themselves throughout the day wandering in imaginary ways, and during that period the Christians crossed the sea in succession, sowing death and chaos. She became busy with her search for borders and became anxious when she became unable to discern the Hindu line that organizes her impotence. She lived a happy childhood because the borders were clear and the first of which was the threshold that separated her father&#39;s room and her mother from the middle of the wall. She was not allowed to cross that threshold to play in the middle of the house during the morning before her mother woke up, meaning that she had to tire without noise between six and eight in the morning she was sitting on The cold white marble threshold resists her desire to join her older cousins, who play, then complete stories within the boundaries of the visible and invisible harem, mixing a wonderful story about her grandmother&#39;s tongue and linking her to the reality of the dream of women. In fact, the dream alone is just from the ability to verify does not change the world and does not penetrate the walls, but it helped a person to preserve his dignity .. Dignity is that you dream a strong dream that gives you a vision and a world in which you have a place and where your participation changes whatever its limitations are something .. you are in a harem when you do not The world needs you .. you will be in a harem when you neglect your contribution and nobody asks you for anything. You are in a harem when everything you do becomes useless. You are in a harem when the earth revolves while you are drowning in contempt and indifference. One person has the authority to change this situation and make the earth circulate in the opposite river. And this person is you .. If you resist contempt and dream about a world that is different, the direction of the earth changes. But what you have to avoid at all costs is that this contempt that surrounds you extends into you. . Note . This book may dislike non-speaking women. . Neither passers-by on the map of the world by excluding the countries of the Maghreb from existence ...
The stars deserve .. but there are many confused ideas .. I do not imagine that Ibrahim Issa was right in presenting it within a literary novel, and the inclusion of outside scenes is completely unjustified .. but it is a very interesting novel, a style more than wonderful and a beautiful idea
Excellent location, cleanliness and service. Excellent attention to guests. nothing
Very very beautiful ... coherent and its lines are clear and the history is beautiful .... and you speak to a very small anonymous part of the entire world history, but the Egyptian is not ... advice for history lovers read it and you are comfortable
I had contrasting feelings during and after reading the novel. At first, I felt that the book was talking about totalitarian regimes in the Arab world ... and Syria was a sign in front of me as an example of that ... the monitoring screens spread everywhere. Freedom is slavery ... war is peace ... ignorance is power. In other words, duplication of thinking according to the writer’s expression ... all of this was an expression of the situation, with all its complications, even if we do not feel how bad and how deep this is ... But the people ... Smith often said that the change would be from the public ... He seemed really weak to do anything while he was in this situation .... the big brother and his party certainly were the reason for his arrival in this situation .. ..But to reach this miserable state of slavery, which even reaches psychological slavery, was really disappointing. This commonness of the people seems lost and has no work other than to follow its routine life ... and even if it wanted the revolution, why? ... And can you stand up to the torture and violence that you will encounter in the cause of that? ... in a society like the one that presented it Orwell this cannot happen .. In no way ..... no big thoughts that occupy them and no great values they believe in .. I think if someone thinks about it or seeks it, what most aspires to it is an end like the end of Smith no more
A simple book that draws you out in a day. But I took on him what he mentioned from the book Attitudes and Addresses. I did not like the style of this book, and I was not convinced of its idea. He mentioned the topic of usury, in which I find part of the truth, and the rest needs to be checked and reviewed. As for the fact that Jews and America are in control of the worlds economic system, and we Muslims are helpless. Or we have a trick, but without hands, without mind, without legs and without heart .... I was surprised by what he said about Al-Mutanabbi. I liked the whole book in general. As usual, may God have mercy on him and be pleased with him, as he raises your mind and mind indirectly and without boredom. A paragraph of why our souls are so wonderful. And also part of a paragraph where were our souls before they were born. The part in which a person is shown carrying all the natures of the animal is certified. And it is not sweeter than a session with a summit of thought and listening to this deep whisper of contemplative mind and flying spirit .. the writer. Sleep was so long that he almost died. Circus kings? There is no doubt that nature is a great theater in which all actors cheer at every moment. Badi &#39;Al-Heavat &amp; Al-Ard, his ability is clear from the counterpart and the Almighty likeness is not like anything in anything. Finally, his opinion in the political circus theater. And what the West does to Muslims as if they were Marionette brides. I wonder, like him, can we wake up from this coma? From the coma of ignorance. . Really as he said ... the scene is so funny to cry
As a five-star novel is said, I do not know how Gibran selects his literary phrases, so they appear as if they weaved a letter, a letter that performs the purpose and brings the meaning in the best way. The broken wings are very deep and carry social and religious dimensions, highlighting the dark side of the human psyche and its contradiction.
Style, idea, information, events and the way to narrate seriously is genius .... As one of the best novels I&#39;ve read ... I really enjoyed it:
Darwish&#39;s last book was published after his death after his friends compiled it from several separate poems. Do people really feel near-term? I think the answer is yes, so the poem is like the one that the title was written in its name and it is a poem that I do not want this poem to end with a good witness to that took Darwish writing and writing a line behind another in this poem as if he felt that if he left the pen from his hand he would not write again . The poem of fear carries the same meaning as well. Some of the verses of the poem I do not want this poem to end. The fastest night. the fear. There is love for no reason
Do not be sad, or the cities, do not be afraid ... He will be born from the ashes of tomorrow tomorrow. Tomorrow you will grow among the ruins of debris. Orchard Shades .... Word. Tomorrow it will come out of this rubble. Neighing the knights ... and the glory
The device is very good, versatile and its price is great and it has many important functions, good speed, high operating capacity and sharp blades ..
If parting came one day. And I gathered you after separation. Your arms were holding. And I stuck his arms. P tell her we were. I wouldn&#39;t tell him we were. Only we know sir. That we are despite the separation. We are still and still are. The first time I read Nur Abdul Majeed, but it sure is not the last time. If you were the end, you would have given it all stars. I concluded in one day, I am not able to believe how sincerely the sad feelings that Nour recorded, for sure, have lived like what is clear from the dedication ... So for the first time I cried when I read a book about the novel, which is not widespread and achieved sales among people? Its style and content is sweeter by the writings of Ah Mostaghanemi.
Continuity is required to maintain general hygiene in the place. Cleanliness and quality of the place. nothing
The book is very, very, very enjoyable. It was horrific at many times, and frankly, I stayed on the street watching the little children, watching their behavior, and saying, &quot;Is this attached to a thread?&quot; The last part of the novel is terribly interesting and the author knows that she writes about how and the overlapping parts with his consent are sweet and sweet. I deliberately used to be a center and workers gathering strings from here on a string from here on Debarah from here, so I can keep understanding because I know that if I fall, I will not understand them:. I hope this performance will be continuous in the rest of the novels and novels that come as well, so as to save my intention, I will answer them:. :
It is not very clear symbolic. Miserable to the extreme. You are spinning in a mill and there is no exit
I loved him very much, really nice:
more than great . Place, crew, amenities, and amenities.
The Granada Trilogy ... the Trilogy of Lost ... the Lost ... and the Back. Days took me on a tour of Andalusia, the lost paradise while it fell city after city in the hands of the Castilians during the wars of recovery. This narration brought me from my own tragedies to the tragedies of the people of Andalusia ... I lived among her family in the alleys of Albayzin and the markets of Granada and the valley of Nassia and appointed the tears, Jaafariya, Anchorage, Arachia, Aragon and Malaga. The marriage of those who married and the birth of a son and I lived with them their false happiness whenever they felt the proximity of relief and the demise of sorrow and I walked out of hope and fell into a well of frustration, and despite my awareness of the end of the events, but an obsession that kept chasing me whenever I gave them a breath of hope I wonder I wonder will the end change? Do they see victory with their eyes? Will the rescue that they expect from Egypt and the Levant come to them? Oh, how much I wished for that ... How much pain they gave me, the days changed over them, the Castilians dominated, their lands were lost, their identity and their dispersal was in the country ... I cried the sound-minded woman with little luck that was taken to the Holocaust of the Bureau of Investigation, leaving behind her loving husband Saad, who was afflicted with grief and sorrow and her young daughter Aisha. How many people from Salima did what she did. Mariam, the wives of the clever wife, who ended up being buried in a pit an unknown way during her deportation and her grandson ... I cried Naeem, who reached the age of his servants and spent alone without a husband or boy ... I cried all the oppressed, the oppressed, the deported, the tormented, the disgusted, the persecuted and the persecuted ... these The novel accompanies you to live with each one of them his journey in life until his destiny ends in a grave to be buried in it or a pit in a path or between the sticks of wood or lost in the paths of the unknown ... some quotes that I liked. . ... ... the calamities seem great, the soul will seize, and then what is more powerful and powerful will come, and the smallest thing will appear smaller and shrinking in a corner of the heart and the tampon ... everything has a price, and the higher the value, the higher its price ... Because at the time, ample, and because they bring you humping you in your ordeal, and they leave you to dictate their faces as you wish, and if you meditate long ... God, my brother, what torments me more than the question: Where did the Arabs and Muslims go? ... Hell is not to blame with the fire of hell, but with the fire of your heart, which is horrific, turbulent, and weak, and because speech ... all words injure you ... as if the days are meager moorings of light, one of which leads you to the other, and you are led to wait for nothing .. go away alone Slowly accompanies you the mouse that lends to your life threads, communication, no joy, no sorrow, no discontent, no tranquility, for amazement or attention. Then suddenly and unexpectedly you see a light you lie, then do not lie, and you have gone out to the open range, you see the face of your Lord, the sun, and the air. People around you and friendly voices communicate with words or laughter and then ask: Was it a dream or an illusion? Where did the ringing of sounds and the open range go in the hope of burning like a sun disk in broad daylight ?? She asks .. as you walk into your vestibule again ..
Good for families. Location cleanliness. The staff ask for a tip
Really surprising that this book is a brief research won the award .. Congratulations to its owner
good. Good except for parking, it was closed for maintenance.
Good for the price. What encouraged me was to get a secret offer from Bukking, so the price was very encouraging in that period. The hotel is good, there is a supermarket near it, in front of Sahara Mall, and it can be taken in steps through the bridge that connects them. The lack of a children&#39;s bed, the Internet is constantly interrupted
Frankly, the book is more than wonderful. The Ghazali style attracts the reader, he completes the speech, especially as the book is covered with realistic and historical examples .. God&#39;s mercy be upon Sheikh Al-Qadeer Muhammad al-Ghazali
Exceptional. Free breakfast is frankly the best breakfast I have ever had in any hotel ... a terrible variety between eastern and western breakfasts, the hotel with a round roof is a myth. The reception is small and somewhat narrow, the number of parking spaces is low and the Wi-Fi is very weak in some rooms
Good hotel, excellent stay, great staff. Close to the Dubai Mall, Mr. Ahmed and Mr. Hossam Ghaya in sophistication and dealing.
Excellent. . Clean rooms for a fee
Raaaaaaaaaaaah in the full sense of the word and influential
The legend is very hard, the legend of all kinds of grills and poultry inside the bride of the Mediterranean. Happiness and enjoyment is a clean and beautiful place in the largest streets of Alexandria. Gamal Abdel Nasser St. The place is known to everyone there. I advise the lamb banana, poultry, and pans, and thousands here.
Great hotel. I liked everything in the hotel, especially the room size, good and fast reception. Just disco sound at night
I would have liked to see more details about their research, as Islam .. And Sarah searched, because Islam is not what you are looking for. Christianity is also the novel. The least said about it is its splendor. I felt a bit unfair for the years that went so far.
Nice . Privacy, spacious rooms, parking spaces, and Ain Al-Madinah noise. nothing
A very different novel. Easy, the writer convinces you and loves you in the central character of his novel. The difficult thing is that it makes you all the reasons for you to hate it or at least be neutral in judging it ... I can’t criticize or comment on this particular narration because it is not for Ihsan Abdul Quddus is very high, very universal. And it is clear that in the consensus of this type: ... but who I know is / Ihsan Abdul Quddus in the novel:. She has a message ... and a very important message, and I will not tell her so that the story will not be written. Let me think of something I was Muslim with, and my sincerity is blind. Confused, to the extent that made me rethink the concept of good and evil from my point of view, and that these concepts differ from the basis of the nature of the structures Adam and his principles and personality and can be in the situations that passed through his life until the moment de also violin:. She has a fingerprint .. I was very attracted by the first part .. in which he asked the questions that come to us in our brains on God Almighty in certain needs, of course, not every need .. of value. Evil is not something that can never be justified .. His style is ... unique, genius, interesting, very interesting, spiritual, in the novel de .. fun ...:
It was a beautiful trip and a wonderful stay. Location and services. There is no
good. Signed. Delayed check-in and check-out and no response when calling at reception
The hotel is great. . Everything is nice, the problem is when I enter the room, the posting goes to Mobily. This disturbed me for the duration of my stay in Damac.
I read it during the Mediterranean days .. I learned from him the names of the companions and the importance of their role and their presence around the Messenger .. An important valuable book in every home
Good hotel, excellent hotel, poor management, slow service and entrance after afternoon. You will not enter the room before afternoon. The hotel is huge. Lifts in stages. The hotel is excellent and needs a better overall management. The hotel is very good. They only gave a fire alarm
very good . The youth at reception and security is great and the hotel cleanliness is excellent. The bed is short
A book values about a hundred pages. It tells the story of a girl committed to her headscarf and a host of events surrounding her. One of the most read books
The most beautiful stay at the Centro Hotel Yas Island. . Laundry prices are very high and unacceptable
It has terrible sentences and terrible love you gave me
Amount of happiness. Excellent for families and governors with a comfortable and clean general shape, the kitchen is full of all tools, washing machines, irons and diffusers. The summit of splendor, luxury and etiquette is tired. I say the most beautiful hotel apartment, and, God willing, all coming here. Mirror at the entrance
Excellent. The hotel is excellent in terms of reception and annexes. I was a large sized bed barrier surprisingly with a separate bed and it wasn&#39;t provided and I had to take a sweet
This is the first book I read by Alia Al-Kazemi, as the cover attracted me and people were eager to buy it. So I said what is inhibiting? In fact, I was somewhat lazy, because the book contains several pages, but as soon as I started reading the story, I lived every moment the writer wrote about the beautiful girl Basma. Some events or details were unnecessary, so I felt that the story took hold of Al-Fadhi, as we say, but as soon as I got to the middle of the story, the events started to accelerate. The story cried me a lot, as some misfortunes reminded me of the painful past. How painful life is, but joy always comes after that, to forget us what happened.
Although I am a girl, I felt that I was Kafka. I felt his muddling through the reflections of time aspects in Miss Saiky. I even loved him, got lost with him, and ran away with him. I liked Nakata too, felt that he was my friend, and the mindless Hoshino accompanying Nakta in search of deep self. The novel started and ended unanswered for its mysteries. It started and ended and I ask. Why did all this happen? Johnny is gone without telling us the reason for that curse. Sayiki left without telling us why she left her husband and son. How did you find the entrance stone? Is the deceased Sayiki’s lover the same Kafka? I am confused. Especially when Saeki asked him:. Why should you have died? I had no trick. Kafka answers it. Nakata died without even knowing it, and without telling us, what is the purpose behind what he was seeking? Everything that was beautiful and surreal. We knew the events very well and enjoyed it. But without knowing what its purpose is, and why? It also found in it some philosophical depth in the dialogue of personalities and confuses events here and there. I enjoyed reading it a lot and did not regret losing two days of my life reading it
Iraq events are now an animal farm. very wonderful
A deep understanding of politics and the ability to predict events make Fashir the thinker of this era
very good. Transportation from the hotel to the sanctuary and from the sanctuary to the hotel around the clock for free. The cell phone registered with the site was contacted to inquire about the reservation. The room met me, the reservation is available, and he stated that there are free parking spaces for hotel guests.
very good. I liked the proximity to the campus. Delayed execution of requests
Excellent. Excellent quiet hotel with good location. Rooms are spacious and suitable for conservative families. The view of the room to Atouni is bad and the sea is far from the hotel, meaning you have to cross a street to reach the sea
Exceptional. Room capacity, staff treatment, room service.
A mixture between a history book and a novel that takes you to another world..you feel that you are with them living the details of their lives ... and smelling their perfumes ...
I would have liked to live more with Fatima to listen to the story of her struggle and her struggle for additional pages after ... An interesting novel that takes you from your world to cultivate you in the world of Fatima.
Exceptional. Cleanliness, reception, luxury of furniture and location. nothing
A suffocating novel, packed with death oxides and tear disappointments, and, as usual, dreams since the beginning of its trilogy, its pen must stand carefully at Constantine, specifically on its steadfast bridges ...
Tehran prison. A painful journey, the story of a girl brought up in the darkest conditions and a test of faith in the face of hateful horror, the story woven a skillful fabric mixed with a lot of suspense | Writer Marina Nemat talks about events after wealth on the rule of the Shah and the time of Khomeini&#39;s rule. Quotes. You will appreciate it when you get older. When you need to cry without anyone knowing you&#39;re crying, you can chop onions. . My little one, we cannot see the face of the Lord with these eyes, but with our souls. You have to know that death is only a step we must take in order to reach the other world and live a different life. . Sayings taken from Khomeini. One of them caught my attention:. If one permits an unbeliever to continue to spoil the earth, the psychological suffering of the unbeliever will become much worse, but if one kills this unbeliever and prevents that from committing sins, death will be a blessing to him. Killing in Khomeini&#39;s world can be considered a good deed or a blessing. . Each bullet meant a lost life; a last breath; a dear one whose bodies were torn as his family waited for him and hoped to return. . Even, it looked like another planet; a strange world ruled by vague laws under which anyone could be tortured or sentenced to death without cause. . Isn&#39;t the life of an innocent person fighting a war for it worth it, even if the fate of that war is failure?
Excellent. The reception is very excellent and professional, especially Christina, Farah, and the respected Egyptian employee. No soundproofing between rooms
A pleasant stay for the fourth time in a row and I will repeat it, God willing. Breakfast was delicious and the bed was comfortable ... but the lighting in the suite and the bathroom is very weak are not suitable for applying makeup .. poor lighting in general and the absence of fish to charge the mobile next to the bed.
Comfortable, classy and close to services. The place is beautiful and upscale, not far from the airport, and next to it all you need from the services of a supermarket, gasoline, car rental, Al-Rajhi Bank, exhibitions and many others. Most of the employees are excellent, especially the Sudanese, so thank you everyone. The reception was not good as I arrived at breakfast time, and there is not even water at reception, unlike other hotels, you find dates, coffee, and reception service. And annoying
Two wedding dresses. Frankly everything is beautiful. No regular shattaf
very good. The staff without exception, as well as managing the hotel and taking care of them in the guest. The hotel facilities are pleasant and varied. Cleanliness and quiet of the hotel ..
May I repeat the visit and recommend it. The decor, location, bidet and connected to radison next to it is a beautiful place. The concierge is somewhat slow to understand Soap and bathroom things were not present but we requested and brought it does not provide free transportation as stated in the hotel facilities on site here but the taxi is available in Yas and the hotel is easily and abundantly and there is also the free Yas Express bus service on the island from for which we did not try But read about it
Exceptional. Almost everything. the network connection is week
I loved the book once and it followed me a lot. Especially part of my trip to India
New style and distinguished school for writing and leadership. Naguib Al-Kilani was able to move to a society that was alien to our society and stormed his anthropology ... He made a wonderful description of the ethnology of the Nigerian people ... and then took the risk of describing the temper and nature of the forest pagan. The plot of the novel is mounting and in context, and although the knot was not sufficiently thrilling, it was ultimately good. Distinguished style and the choice of flowery words is more than accurate ... and if you hated some synonyms that unnecessarily weakened the meaning. The events are very good, even if I would have liked to isolate the love story from the drama ... In the end, I enjoyed a novel with a sweet taste, consistent speech and great values that highlight that Muslims are the same in every part of the earth and one and that colonialism in every part of the earth is one ... You cherish it
A wonderful. . The location and reception are great and the rooms are great. nothing
I was waiting for a solution or explanation from Aziz, but I was surprised by the same strange end: /. However, I like the style of the novel too
Exceptional. The hotel is very cool. Narrow positions and there is no reception of Arab nationality
Excellent. Summit Hotel in everything, close to the metro and Dubai Mall. nothing
Egypt is a great nation exhausted by the successive neglect of its rulers ... and the emergence of an enlightened ruler in a short time can blow up energies in this nation. The spirit is revived again ... almost that is the main feature of indoctrination that Egyptians receive in schools and the media. And it led to the emergence of an emotional form of colonialism, sometimes proud of the Egyptian conquests that neglected this or that nation .. This is the history that we learned and love to hear .. This is what Khaled Fahmy challenged through serious research that achieves the period of Muhammad Ali&#39;s rule and the form of power and how the simple Egyptians resisted the mechanisms Power in creative forms related to self-inflicted disability. I will not burn the book, as it is a good work and a scientific and research value that I did not find much among Egyptian writers who love imagination about the truth .. The main strength of the book is the ease of its awareness despite the weight of the scientific article. The writer is really talented and holds the meaning well while writing it .. The idea of the research is very simple It examines the contradiction between the strong victories the Egyptian army achieved in the battles and the desperate attempts of the Egyptian recruits to disavow themselves or rebel against them .. By following the path of this research line, the author reaches the results
Mmm, first thing. I would like to say that I am one of the first things that I started reading in the novel if I felt in it the spirit of Radwa Ashour in writing, and of course the feeling is this because I have said something I need to have: .. another thing that I liked the novel. Radwa Ashour’s style of writing is beautiful:. There was a need that was established by the star in the evaluation, as sometimes, in the details of the following: The fourth need if I liked the details that I spoke about Jamal Abdel Nasser and Sadat. In the atmosphere of the novel itself, the character of Khadija de Kaant was very provocative, but certainly there is a lot like her, and I personally saw a dominant character in fact, and the characters of this type are very ugly and it could actually cause the death of the people around her, of course, and it turns out that Khadija is responsible About her son’s death in the end. I liked the novel, and the latest one is sweet and different:
One of the books that affected me practically .. Every fallacy and the other in it was arranged in an organized way in my mind to make a filter in which to purify and filter the logical mistakes that we make steadily in our lives. Until the situation reached me to evaluate my words upon his departure if it was logical or contained within it a logical fallacy. My ears became sensitive to logical error and in extreme cases affected by the book or certain fallacies of it, I feel that I have been accompanied without feelings even as I consider this case a side effect of reading this book. I realized by this that we really live in a world where almost logic is devoted to zero with information, life and discussions devoid of the correct approach and riddled with fallacies. You realize that society needs specialized lessons and educational curricula, as the writer mentioned at the end of his book on this philosophical topic so that problems do not take us far without benefit. Badi’s book is organized in an attractive and encouraging way for the reader to continue the books written by the writer Adel Mustafa Al-Fallatah explains the fallacy and explains it and presents examples of it and distinguishes for you when it is correct used naturally .. From books that need two and three readings perhaps because it contains a method of thinking I do not expect that it can be absorbed One reading.
Khaled&#39;s grandfather. Everything is excellent and comfortable. When I booked from Bukking website, they withdrew an amount of dirham without a right, and when I got to them and asked them about the reason, they denied that, even though I was sure, and I made a statement from the bank. The internet is not free. ..Etc, very, very, very high, for example, Pepsi worth a dirham
It&#39;s okay in. . The bed is not good and has a small size and cannot control adaptation
My favorite hotel. The hotel is very excellent and its location is close to a pharmacy, a coffee and grocery store, and close to the Dubai Mall .. the voices of the room next to me
A great play .. I enjoyed reading only the extreme. Of course, Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud goes without definition, whether in his views or his style of writing. I like this parts, I liked it very .. There is no one who knows the truth .. It remains to live in a better illusion .. Even the illusion is not to be found .. There is no one to whom I wish to congratulate him ... My brother .. You do not mislead me in my current .. no way .. healthy .. healthy .. you are delusional .. ok where is the truth .. there is no truth .. I am tired .. I want to sleep .. I want to dream .. I dream .. a long dream What a chariot from it. . what are you laughing at ??. Laughing at myself, because I lived my life long, rejoiced, angered, agitated, and the other in death. As for I was a fool .. I don’t want me to laugh either ... It’s funny, something crazy about laughing, hysterical laughter. . Salvation: I found the solution ... I found the way to salvation ... Eh ... we travel to Mars ... Mars, O Abit, we don’t go here .. we dive into our souls and our hearts .. everyone drowns in his own narration .. and we forget every need ... everyone lives in his concern .. everyone builds a world for him to live in .. a special story that he lives In it and her theater is closed on him. ... entry into tickets enters his love and the rest is righteous ..
Granada is an illustrated history, a familiar Arab pain is still present in more than one place. Granada is a wound that is healed in an Arab body that is still alive. You look at the state of this body today, so you cannot find a place without a wound. Abu Jaafar died of compulsion on books. Salima died of a burn. Mariama died in the open. Naim died crazy, disgraced and angry. Saad died of compulsion on a healthy ending. Life interferes in the form of death, and death is nothing but the last part or scene of life, the fear of death and the soreness of loss makes it huge and size that makes it equal to the size and magnitude of life, makes it conceptually separated from it to be equal to it on another side within the mind .. Radwa did not look up at Death in a circumstance forces you to live with your enemy who is stronger than you, death is much and life is little .. Does destiny sew life from a fabric that differs from the fabric of the death dress? Would we have been able to refuse to wear the garment of humiliation and weakness that fate has mistaken for us? Can death take a form that is far from the form of misery and conquest of the life they lived? I find that a person’s amount of death often resembles an amount of life.
Wonderful diary. Some of them were written as if I had cited my life. Others are a picture of the future. Their colors are from the past. I loved it. Much
Excellent. Cleanliness and comfort. The location may be unknown, but just saying Rola Street connects you with a length, because it is a small street, and it is completely text
This book solved my eternal problem, because I never thought about the events of a time, never. No matter what I tried, I did not know why, and God, but I am with him again. The days did not come back again, and I am the people who lived with them the most beautiful days of your life. You will never see them again in paradise, God willing.
The chicken sandwiches are very tasty and with a variety of flavors, the prices are average and worth the experience.
more than great . The hotel is more than wonderful, beautiful, classy, clean, and quiet, and its location is excellent, away from congestion, easy to reach, and close to tourist places .. I did not give Al-Fiqad points even though he deserved it only so that he would not take advantage of this thing to raise prices. There was nothing that I did not like in general.
Worth the experience. Champion site champion, calm and comfortable and everything.
An ideal place to rest. The room is beautiful. The absence of prayer rugs ... View of the room
Peace of mind and excellent reception. Fast entry and exit, free breakfast, free breakfast, free parking, reception staff, the highest level of politeness and respect, with a permanent smile on top, quick access workers upon request, thank you all. The rooms are tight. The hotel offers suites. There is no restaurant for lunch and dinner only, they have breakfast
good. Everything in the hotel is very special. We called and asked the cleaner more than twice and he unfortunately did not show up
Noam Chomsky, an American, Jewish, has a religion of religion .... Four stars for this page-cut work ... which should not be without a library of any intellectual. And five stars is of the utmost importance to reading this book at this time when the media machine has become a divine revelation among people .... assuming it is not conscious that it is a neutral, objective and unguided machine. Here you find the media outlets .... and very concrete examples of how politicians use this dangerous machine such as the war on terror and the Gulf war ..... from books that are rooted in conspiracy theory ... and that there is a class pyramid that begins with a broad base The public or the herd ... which is led by a group of specialists and pimps who have been chosen by a smaller group and who actually control the capabilities of the world ... and the mechanism of creating public opinion and controlling the human race .... I recommend reading it to all people ... especially for talk show addicts
It is the first time that I read to the poet Farouk Gwaida. I will not prolong the speech .. I will limit myself to a few. If only he wrote the epitaph before sunset, he would have stopped it. Wonderful and very wonderful as much as our pain and our horn and sorrow. These are her words and the bleeding of our souls. in anything. Before God, they have been modified. Our history is murder, terrorism, and charlatanism. A thousand years. I see the executioner following us. In the procession of oppression. The dream was lost .. and for the sake of it. We cry for a nation. Her resolve is dead. And over its parts ... the ills fell. Is tears benefit after today in a homeland? From heartburn. It has no eyeballs. In our salt wound. Can you heal us? And how with salt. One&#39;s wound heals. Land of the Loire. The glories of us have ceased to exist. And caused by the sky of old traveling. The heart is still bleeding. Cordoba wound. And a mosque in the caves of silence praying. How much we cried. On the ruins of Cordoba. We were still sanctified. In shame she washed. In Jerusalem she cries. God has a minaret. And a river of tears. On the mihrab he gets neglected. Kaaba complains. God has drifted it. Tears are bleeding. In the cusp of those who left. They were men. And they were lore by a saint. Attractive to the pronoun of the right .. ignited. There is nothing left for us. After what I set. The sun of men. Equal of thief and hero. There is nothing left for us. After what fell. All castles ... equal foot and mountain. In the king&#39;s square. Bobble idols. Gang. From the ashes of the morning waxing. And a nation. The delusion of oppression has knelt down. Bending the head. Swordfish comply. Every day to us. A wound chasing us. And a story of the eternal tragedies is complete. Who is this? That waxing is our date. And how it comes. We got lost. It has been our first. Morning embraces us. It contains our land. If they ... adjust. Omer worries. And dreams of us fell. She became desperate ... exhausted ... and bored. Oh old age Rafka. I had hope. Wound to be healed however. I was betrayed by hope. In my imagination glory. I lived his chant. He declared she sang it. Our first glories. But it&#39;s a shame. He refuses to leave us. He rides our back. We travel. Oh wound. Fire you are in my body. We were disgraced. How shame we endure. They told us our land is blessed. Where guidance .. and met. And revelation and messengers. What do I see? And the sea of blood drowns it. Fortune. Throughout .. Saturn. No blood left. On the day of her gallows. Even the gallows have narrowed. Who were killed. Oh blood curse. From the day of her purification. Treachery in its people. Religion has boredom. in anything. Before God, they have been modified. They are all liars ... They said and what they did. This is coward. This sold his nation. And all of them are in Satan fever praying. From the day they tore. Symptoms of their nation. And her dress shame ... and fading ... and slippery. Shame on the floor. How abomination slept with her. How flat it is then. The eye .. and the man. Oh the stigma. Shake the trunk of our palm. Overpowering. And terrorism ... and charlatans. People were lost. And still before us countries. The League of Injustice. Countries will not rise. I will rate it four stars. Two of them are for this poem
A very painful book, he talks about the suffering of an entire people and not the suffering of detainees under the rule of a tyrant when you hear his name or read it can only pray for him and curse him, his name is for one who can sponsor him is the deceased Jamal Abdel Nasser .. he talks about a person but rather people but an entire community, he was tortured without below A charge, tortured, because he was not satisfied with the inspiring leader and his accomplishments which are in fact a mirage .. He talks about his suffering from the beginning of his arrest and torture, and the pain of torture that detainees went through at the hands of people who do not belong to Islam an inch, and he spoke of the security fist that was arresting anyone Any person who has no affiliation other than that he is a friend of the detainee or mentioned his name without cutting D, he talked about the torture and torture of detainees to death in most of Egypt&#39;s prisons from the castle to the war of Abu Zaabal to Latra, and his talk about speaking to them and drinking them in the prison until the detainees drank urine, and some of them ate what was defecating. History always uttered their name with evil and cursing, such as Shams Badran, Safwat al-Ruby, Salah Nasr, Hamza al-Bassiouni and Sambo who most of them mentioned and most of their torture methods in the book Days of My Life for the need Zainab Al-Ghazali .. He talked about the world of the detainee and their lives and their lives in it, talked about the detainees and how they lived with each other A life of fraternity, kindness, and cooperation .. Speak about the personalities of A feast like the likes of Professor Muhammad Qutb, may God have mercy on him, whom I was very happy to talk about in the book, and that he did not accept flattery in the prison, and that he always remembers the infidelity of the government, and also spoke about my thanks to Mustafa, who entered the prison at a young age and does not know anything about Islam, until you learn far from his deviation after He began to say it publicly in disbelief of the government, and he called for their jihad at a time when everyone was afraid of the oppression of the guilt of Abdel Nasser .. He talked about a life of intimacy between the detainees, and most of what I asked for when reading the book, they accepted them to kill the female servants, and none of them defended themselves, but accepts killing, oppression and beatings Abuse is a generous source, and what excited me was the separation of awareness from the coup Sahar Ali al-Saher until you find the prison administration wanting to embarrass the cadres of detainees, and you find them embarrassing the government. It saddens me to accept the government&#39;s oppression on the part of the detainees and appeared in the story of Salah Al-Anwar, who escaped from the prison and then returned himself. Many of them, but find from them despite the oppression of those who sent them cables of congratulations and support for the government, that is, the government did not satisfy the ward of cells in the north with the support of the government and tasted oppression and abuse until they were sentenced to death .. The book is a history of a bad period of Egyptian rule, mentioning the beginning They entered the prison and the letters of Abdel Nasser passing through a setback while they were in Detained until the death of Abdel Nasser .. He talked about important personalities with sharp insight such as Muhammad Qutb, Abdel-Majeed Al-Shazly, Abdul-Fattah Ismail and others who did not support the government, until it came to the death sentence on June and God willing that the setback be carried out so that they do not execute and remain and keep their impact alive until now from The likes of Muhammad Qutb, God has illuminated his insight in his grave, as well as Sheikh Abdul Majeed Al-Shazly and others ... He talked about the detention period and about the various currents in the prison from Communists, Jews, Christians, Muslims, Salafis, Brotherhood and other various currents, so that the author says through the debates between them and other sects Of them is guided by Islam, the likes of which the Jewish safest and called himself Muhammad and they call him Muhammad Jewish, and find the owners of the Communists and other doctrines of shrugs his thoughts.
Excellent hotel, clean, excellent breakfast buffet. Cleanliness, decoration and arrangement are excellent. Room space offers free parking. Walking distance to the campus after delivery, especially in the summer, lack of response to room service as required
Wonderful restaurant and very eating for cicada and its prices are affordable for everyone, I mean, maybe 20 riyals, the stomach slips and you are happy and possible at least, but I give you the hair of the food and you can coordinate with it if you have a party or a will, I mean, I witness
It was a very wonderful stay. Very cool hotel.
The sweetest thing in the novel, the name of the heroine ... is forgotten
Beautiful little sentimental book
good. Comforts. nothing
Although many readers, especially foreigners, rate the book with just one star, I suspect that he or she deserves ... the idea first of all. Throughout my reading of the book, I was screaming inside me: Where were you so far from me for so long? Well, let&#39;s say I went through a period in which I was forced to change, and what I did was I changed late ... The simplicity of style and language is appropriate in a book like this, I do not deny that childish language is provocative. But I imagined the idea that the book be written in another way, and the idea did not appeal to me .. I look like it when he feels that his present is the best and as an amateur when he finds that change must be made. Then I move the piece of cheese
The protagonist fainted once in the novel, but a sweet novel
One of the most common poetry that I loved. His words are simple and continue to feel very much. I liked the poetry in which the author talks about Egypt. His words are simple, but at the same time, it is very painful
Really great hotel. Fruit and calm basket in the hotel and the friendly staff, which counts for the hotel, so thank you everyone for their efforts. The cleanliness of the carpet, the bottom of the shower curtain is not clean and some small dirt and hair in the corners of the bathroom, the bathroom in general needs more attention although its cleanliness is acceptable
If only there were a million stars for this novel. .. sober Arabic words, shaky fresh letters, generous beautiful phrases, and phrases that are ceaseless without interruption. Delicate and eloquent description. All means under the shades of the linden. Or rather, it means: Mustafa Lutfi Al-Manfalouti. Beauty is not only in the novel but in the style of its translator. Stephen / honest innocent love. Schedulers / Love grown up too late. Stephen and two schedules. True love
It is very sweet and everything is needed ... but it is contradictory to the Qur’an in more than one place ... and I didn’t say that except when I read more than one interpretation .. He also used evidence from unknown places to search and see it in a genius style ... We do not have all of this .. The method is interesting and keeps you complete .. For the other .... I do not know the mistake I have nor the reason for this .. For the first time I read to Anis Mansour and do not know what kind of writing I have not even read about it .. I am He didn’t speak, and he admitted that this is a deviation, and just for fun. Nor is he convinced of his sincerity, and he wants to convince us ... If the second case I think that the stars of countries will stay ..
A very distinguished writer, the first book I read for him, and, God willing, it is not the last..the style is different from any other writer in the literature of horror..the most important need is that he is always surprised by your results and it is very difficult that you expect the end unlike many of the other authors..I do not advise you to read his books directly before bed Or if you are alone at home ... because you certainly will not forget the book easily
A somewhat entertaining novel and its events contain a kind of suspense .. I am tired of it, and I, in its readership, are sincere, but I felt that what was happening between Jassam and Bilal Malush was necessary.
good. The internet is open and its speed is excellent. Somewhat adaptive
I would like to refer to you, your beloved Mustafa. Breakfast is plenty and cleanliness is near the campus. There is no employee to receive the car
Excellent . Location. The reception crew
The novel takes me forced into the world of events prior to the Queen&#39;s sympathy very much with Ahmed Al-Shahid and confirmed that there are those who were forced by circumstances until the situation reached them to classify their names in lists under the name of terrorists
God&#39;s mercy on you, Sheikh ... Mercy of God be upon you ... a comfortable book for the nerves.
Light comfortable. . Parking is not available and there is no parking service
good. Cleanliness and calm. Wi-Fi is bad
Exceptional. Attractive and favorable prices and I will stay again if I have another chance.
Sweet . Comfort and good handling. Wi-Fi is very bad and its quality is non-existent
A severe headache struck me while reading this novel
A very beautiful and enjoyable novel to read. The first work I read for Tayyib Salih and his style here is wonderful, motivating you to continue reading
It is a message written by Jacob Al-Aryan, the protagonist of his wife, in an attempt to summarize his diaries with Alzheimer&#39;s disease, which he sends to her from the United States, where he preferred to face the disease away from his family and with the participation of other personalities suffering from the same disease .. In the folds of the messages he turns to sensitive issues that occupy him As mixing, adolescence, the Palestinian cause, and American policy, even if its existence is incidental, the mere mention of it suggests that the patient has not completely separated from his reality ... as long as you want.
Very beautiful, I enjoyed all its details, I quoted many phrases as a unique personality Zorba ,,, he does not like to read but has a thought of his own that distinguishes him from the others he believes is correct and makes him coexist with life in a practical way, laughed me a lot This Sinbad describing things and others and the woman was very funny
joy . On arrival, the receptionist did an excellent job.
Wonderful. Everything is nice, receptionist Ali Ahmed, thank you very much for the excellent deal and the implementation of all my requests. The fragrance is very strong with rooms and old grill brushes
Excellent. Everything is beautiful. The website is not free, there is a bar
so wonderful . Very beautiful in every respect.
Very beautiful, the language of Gibran and his spirituality deserve five stars, but one star was missing from her because the events of the novel are very ordinary
The novel is wonderful ... where the successive events kidnap you ... and sudden surprises come to you ... It is difficult to leave the narrator except after it is finished from the excessive suspense .. The most beautiful is that it is exposed to a modern lifestyle on the Arab society represented in the life of Dr. Yahya .. a few of those narrations that show you something inside you On its leaves and between its lines and the novel The Blue Elephant was like this .. But the end is a problem for most readers of the novel .. The novel also far exceeds a lot from the movie .. One of the most beautiful things in the novel is the most difficult thing to be so hungry and food in front of you so close. Forbidden food .. and pronouncing his name as a purer between heresy and heresy
A beautiful book is very necessary and any girl should have the idea of permissibility in her brain and a caravan over her to read .. Actually our lives are not necessary to prefer standing for a topic that is not in our hands..and society does not change his idea, except when girls change her mind .. and finally, like what Ghada said, it is necessary for all girls They love themselves and revolve around success in all places and live their lives, not on the basis that they are singing for a series of Lessa that has not started.
I do not know of any paper at all. I may never from the entrance to the book, which was a letter sent by Mrs. T to the publishing house in an effort to publish it as she wrote or as Muhammad Al-Watban gave her .. I liked the entrance .. .. .. the characters of the novel or the biography of the characters or I say the hero of the biography is Muhammad al-Watban al-Shammari, a Saudi from Rafha in the north of the kingdom, a military employee in the apparatus .. By virtue of his work he has many personalities, he is Fares Saeed and Abu Moaz al-Ta’i who belongs to the group .. In the book you read and see the psychological conflicts that the hero lives between him and him, so the reader sees The hero’s point of view and its opposite ... I also believe that the author personified and criticized the types of personalities in his society from a For a Bedouin to the class of the rich to the hardliners and liberals in a way that was not biased except to Rafha as a city, and it may be my understanding of the novel is not as the author wanted .. In my personal opinion the unjustified boldness did not have a reason within the text it was better if the author referred to it symbolically understood the reader and not scratched The beauty of the text ... the number of pages of the book
Wonderful. Calm, comfort and privacy.
One of the books that gives you dose of optimism and hope in an easy and fast way is a book that is not read once. It is a friend&#39;s book.
O Allah, protect the Great Mosque and the Great Mosque. simple. The market is inside the hotel
Feminist revolutionary narration is controversial and questions, after you read you can see that most of the writings of God’s making are a history of leftist revolutions and trends and the capitalist warrior, and his response and express his brother with blood or the end did not share it with an open end and response which made it more credible, and an open revolutionary personal response And sexual liberation, I liked the message of making a revolutionary that does not mean that you are not captured and given birth because the body begins to become disturbed when nature contradicts, a novel more than wonderful, the overlap between political events and the original narration must be read more than once
Exceptional. The service is convenient and the internet is fast. There is no
good. Jamiiel. The location of the hotel
The first novel I read to Professor Ahmed Mourad. It was my reaction after its end. If the novel was placed on the table with respect, my hands would applaud this creator.
A very realistic novel and its writing style is simple and not complicated .. The end was unexpected and I was given a lot: / But I learned a lot from it. From success to success, roar
She wanted love that took her entity, to the extent that he embraced her many fears, strange phases, and perversions. A lover who loved everything in it. Women cannot bear the burden of their childhood when they have a child. Do not say that I am miserable. Miserables also have hearts. You are my only motivation in this suit to become a better person. How I hope not to be anyone, to start from scratch and stay there forever. He was endowed with something that was not available to most men in this world, and that is the ability to love someone more than you love yourself. Imagination is a dangerous captivating charm for those who are forced to be realistic in life. It was all you needed, a man sitting in front of her at the end of the day. A man really loves her, and loves the food she prepares. She wanted love that took her entity, to the extent that he embraced her many fears, strange phases, and perversions. A lover who loved everything in it.
Wonderfully cool ... Tani is the sweetest Arab novel of her village. The first triple of Granada. Feelings of many thoughts. I write a novel like this ... impossible love for what is achieved:. There are only two points: I built a village review of the novel that it was inspired by real events, as far as it was told by the author, and she built upon her other needs, but I have a very curiosity, I know what was true of the events, and what is my imagination..not want to ask in detail because the story of Muharqash has a lot of senses It is illogical, pure, like the activities that Nada shared with Ahmed at the time of engagement in southern Lebanon, and her outlook for marriage between different religions, despite her commitment to her religion at the beginning, which is supposed to prevent this, and the changes that happened to each of Jacob&#39;s families in the end ... I felt the needs of him Save some. The second point contains a lot of talk about the Jewish religion, I was surprised by it a bit ... It has needs that I don&#39;t really know, but it does not make sense, and there are needs that I asked about, not accurate ... But I think the author is sure of the religious information that you write about religion, because this is an essential part of the novel. Certainly try to know more information about the background of the novel and check the religious information in it
Worth the money for the location and cleanliness. Easy entry and exit from the hotel, whether walking or by car. The price of parking is overrated for SAR per hour
good. Visitors are allowed to enter. Internet for a fee
Abu Abdul Aziz . The location of the hotel is close to the mosque. Unpleasant smell in the room. Breakfast almost ends at nine in the morning, and most items are not available
On the other hand, the true owners of the country, the smell of sweat and mud in peace, and the smell of blood and gunpowder at the time of killing. They are forced and humiliated at all times, and everywhere, within the homeland that narrows them despite its breadth, so if they escape, then servitude is permissible for them. Smelt pain and hope its pages. Worth reading with heart and mind.
good. All. A site far from services and everything
Relatively expensive. Comfortable and no hassle. The bed is small and annoying, with voices that call him lubricating the types of cockroach while you sleep. The internet is very weak. They treat two people as only one person in the minibar, towels and bathrobes all for one person even though the reservation was for two people
I read this book more than a year ago, and I have been re-reading it over the years. very fun
My stay was very comfortable. And, God willing, I reserve with you again and thank you. Calm and tidy. The water is very hot, I wish you would install the water cooler
Leila grew up when she realized early on that the value of what we attain and what we prohibit is not in the things themselves but in the way we treat those things as a blessing. Or a trial. And I grew up much before that when I realized with regret that the length of the attendance made one pale like a cloth left in the sun long and absent until its true texture occurred and it was no longer more than anything. I say to Laila, quoting from her words, how can those who have made him aware of as much as I could choose to exist? Really, life is not fair, but God is fair. Although God’s justice has been achieved, I hope that he will treat you with Him, not with His justice. You did not grow up alone .. We grew up with you after we realized with certainty what it means to grow up. :
The one looking for a god to worship. The drowned looked for anything he could find. God is beautiful, knowledgeable, and Merciful. I carry his characteristics .. You will find him. My wonder. My wonder about the wondrous wondrous wondrous When the truth comes out after concealment. And go and sweeten and suddenly you will not find. Like Tarateh of the Sea of Yama Cheek and Gap. My wonder
good. Location, kitchenette and cleanliness. Reception is always one person
A light and fun book once you start reading it will not end on the last page, full of political information, I think that the writer&#39;s style was one of his most important features.
nice book. Expand my awareness .. Understand me many arguments .. full of tears, tales and tips, I mean, that feel like this collection of many arguments .. I loved the story of Bahloul and that the writer respected our mind as readers and the end was beautiful .. very sweet that he chats to the message .. I laughed very much. And very benefited:. Wadi Nojoum. But the topic of polygamy is a solution to the problem of Wimen Love. It is very absurd
New and beautiful hotel. I liked the decoration, design, and breakfast was very excellent, the reception staff and the reception manager were very nice .... new hotel and with the coming period and the opening of all services it will be a wonderful hotel ... forward .... television and internet interruptions and tell us that work is being done with the system .. However, my stay was beautiful
Excellent. . Small insects in the rooms
Gibran Khalil Gibran has words that no one else can master. He writes in an unspeakable language ...
Wonderful. The location is excellent. Cleanliness is excellent. Accommodation is quiet, beautiful and comfortable. The internet is very, very very weak and in the rooms is at a dirham per day ..... The refrigerator does not work well
And how much has my heart pure, wounded, happy ending
As an athlete, I didn&#39;t think for a moment that there was something capable of stealing me from the atmosphere of the World Cup, no matter how he came to Joseph with his three worlds, which disputed me, as he fought between a conservative society and a stressful city, and a reluctant conscience that one of them pulled, so that we ruminated with him without realizing any facts. Yusuf, with his white, blackness, and grayness, is true that the expression is an irrefutable fact that has three aspects imposed by his society, his conscience, his conscience, and his other pronouns .. From the detainee who was nothing more than a symbolic meaning of the isthmus, the starting stations were in the narration and between each passage and another we used to return with the writer smoothly as if the writer wanted us to Do not forget that the shirt secret is out there or not Hide my admiration that symbolism, even if it is simple, the writer left several keys that the reader can and should be aware of the origin of things ... like the bone in which he wrote on his shirt or admit everything to everyone, including his father, whose mention of his presence in the prison was another key to indicate that the detainee It is only a symbolic name .. I do not deny that the writer deceived me in more than one situation .. Zina&#39;s e-mail gave me a different vision of what will happen to things but it was not as I expected .. As he did to enter the sudden traffic girl as well, perhaps I thought in Yusuf a greater amount of Desire for adventures, but I was deceived and this is calculated by the writer and it does not count on me, so I read the book B from the beginning, not the opposite .. I also do not deny that boredom afflicted me with part of the first parts of the book, and perhaps the writer was deliberately doing this to share with us the life of boredom in his life in his city, which also continued with him in his first period in the capital, and I think that the writer ventured into this matter Especially with the change of place and the degree of boredom fixed at a certain point, but the interaction was noticeable in the remainder of the novel .. The writer&#39;s philosophy in defining things was one of the most beautiful things included in the novel Blind love and romance .. Oh God be upon you O Sultan ... I think I spoke a lot .. and what I said is not a criticism or even a comment for you to call it what you like, and I have never had an origin If you write a comment about any work. In general, I love Yusuf .. There is something similar to me in it ,, and it looks like you too. Hello
Beautiful for transit trips. Close to the airport, transfer to and from the airport for free. There are slippers for the bathroom, may God bless you
The book gave me motivation that I accomplished more in my life, and that I did not stop at anything that would be an obstacle to my success, and that I challenge myself to accomplish more than the day before. The book is very beautiful and worth reading
Exceptional. The location and crew guided the place especially for families. nothing
Exceptional. Excellent staff, cleanliness at the hotel, and close to all services and places.
good. Excellent hotel for the price.
energy. The book is in an extraordinary energy, optimism and hope for a better life
Beautiful trip and excellent location. Location. When you call Zero, the operator will contact you, not the receptionist, they do not have enough information and unfortunately it is false
The writer&#39;s rhetoric is great ... I wish I could visit Constantine.
Riyadh. Everything is more beautiful. Location
I could not imagine that in the security of the state, it is possible to convey injustice to the degree of this. Omar, Hassan, Jalal, Ali, Saber and Lotfy. Very despicable personalities, and you deserve what happened to her. They turned Adam from an ambitious person in his condition into a butcher. And Adam was correct in the categories that were written by them. I don&#39;t see, I don&#39;t hear, I don&#39;t speak. My feet drag me to my dead. If my mind defeats my conscience, then I do not deserve it. Adam remained very smart and succeeded in implementing the gray end. A very interesting novel and I enjoyed it and I wanted to complete it in one day. The one who kills will be killed. Here is the fairness of the sky:
Exceptional. Location and availability of the elevators, the area of the apartment, and the presence of everything we need, especially the washing machine. nothing
Very cool hotel. Reaching the campus is difficult. Of course, but a limousine minutes will solve the problem. Everything is frankly, God willing, they have special hygiene and handling. nothing
The book is one of the most important books I have ever read in my life. I will return to write a summary of the book&#39;s ideas later, but I recommend reading it immediately to those who have not read it.
Seriously, a great novel, I am still astonished, but the narration of the novel is very wonderful and very eager to know the end when I complete it, write a review of it.
I learned from reading groups, their method, conditions, and how to manage them
Unexpected end. For people with special needs. A novel carrying a message. Very excellent novel
Identity is the girl of childbirth, but it is. In the end, the creativity of its owner does not. Inheriting a past. I&#39;m multiplayer ... in. Internal renewable external. But I do. . . Mahmoud Darwish. This narration raises the true dismay inside you .... a fear resulting from a real disappointment .... but when you live inside that disappointment, your ability to endure surprises you, but its philosophy and philosophy are several other disappointments .... Ghassan Kanafani tells the story of a couple of The residents of Haifa ... left it, fleeing with their spirit in a year, but they lost their sons..After twenty years, they returned to Haifa looking for the lost son .... the son who was raised among the Jews and thought that he would still retain his Arab identity according to the law of blood craving .... to coincide with Great disappointment ... makes the bereaved father explain the meaning of the homeland. Between he who lived in Palestine and was expelled from it, Palestine remained within him a memory struggling to recover those memories ... and between a generation that did not see Palestine but struggled because Palestine for him is the hope and the future and the dream of returning is the dream of building a homeland that cannot be restored by memories ...
A book that applies the description of easy refrain .. The way to write it is easy in the simple colloquy with our belongings, so that the idea that I want to communicate will reach you, whatever your level of thought, and even if I sometimes use some words in classical, but this is similar to the simplicity and spontaneity of Al-Osaili&#39;s writing style .. I like the book because it is one of the few books The one that when you read it forces you to think and think about needs that you could not have thought about before, or you saw them with a different view, and at the same time, it can make you die, laugh, and get you out of any bleak mood that you are in .. It is a cocktail that I do not know, but I also have a delicious comedy in it And light enough that after you laugh you get tired For this world, in a country that is still in sweet needs, and it is still in hope in a ball: .. Thank you, Ahmed Al-Osaili:
Everything, she applied. A novel mastered in detailing everything it contained. Honesty took advantage and knew about the hobby of collecting stamps. I hope the creations will continue,
The Book of Muhammad&#39;s Genius
Excellent. Nice, clean, and the design of the rook is great for recreation. Away from the touristic places and under a simple market
A legend is not fiction but a fact .....
A passage written by God&#39;s mercy on him with a parental address. He preached to the girls that they would not regret being lenient in the future. I recommend girls to read it very short
The idea of the book is strange and the concept of love is stranger. I loved the novel so it invited me to think about what love and beauty are. I did not like the two ends that the author gave us to choose between them and I still shine my own ends .. I saw a lot of the writer&#39;s life in the biography of hunger represented by this novel
Greetings and my sincere The H. Peace of mind and atmosphere. This staff treated with respect and reasonable price.
Wonderful. Staff, bed hygiene, location. The breakfast buffet is very modest, with no decorations that compliment the place
A vacation . View rooms.
Excellent and beautiful length. Thank you for your service. Delay in getting the car from the park
I asked the good Moroccan man that I found in the Libyan desert:. Who are the righteous? He said: Their clothes are not covered and their food is not present .. Hidden righteous are devout if they are absent and they do not miss and if they attend they do not know .. They loved the spirit of God without money and genealogy .. They know each other in God and love in God and hate in God .. God says about them on the Day of Resurrection .. Where are those who love My Majesty .. Today I keep them in my shadow, a day when there is no shadow except my shadow ... I told him: Do they have a presence in these days? He said: The homes were deserted, the people were gone, the heads of the evening moved, and the people of sleep remained, and the time was replaced by the lust-eaters of the people of fasting. He said in Hasret: They confessed to God and left his command and read the Qur’an and did not work with it and said we love the Messenger and did not follow his Sunnah and they said we love Heaven and left its path and they said we hate the fire and raced to it and they said Satan to us is an enemy and they obeyed him and buried their dead and did not consider them and worked With the faults of their brothers, they forgot their faults, they collected money, they forgot the account, they built palaces and they forgot the graves ... We were in our time dreaming of pilgrimage to Mecca and Jerusalem, and death with them. You came the opportunity to testify at your door in Jerusalem, so what did you do? I did not find a word to answer. As for him, he started crying and mumbling between his tears ... And God, had it not been for the servants of the kneeling and children of infants and beasts of terror, poured upon you the torture of a boy ... And when you left him, he had begun to chant:. And the sun on the meaning is the horizon of its horizon ... it is Morocco in us and its brightness from us. I was walking in mind. The chant of the poor Moroccan was still ringing in my ears. And sun on the meaning see its horizon. So, Morocco is in us and its brightness is among us. Yes, the sun is setting in us now. When will it shine from us? When will the sun return to shine from us ???. When the sunset and night ends, and dawn comes out of us again. when ?
Thanks to the hotel and reception staff, especially Mr. Abdullah Ghannam. One of the advantages of the successful hotel is the successful staff, including the employee Abdullah Ghanem, so he helped us in a very tactful, comfortable and nice way. Special for employee Abdullah Ghannam
good. The location of the hotel is beautifully beautiful and spread services around it. Internet is not free
Comforts . Everything was perfect in the hotel. Internet vulnerability at times
Exceptional. A hotel close to all services, I would recommend housing, thank brother Mustafa and Mr. Waseem.
The first novel I read for Spring Jaber and I think it will not be the last. The author excels in describing places and people. To the point that Hanna&#39;s suffering was present in front of me in various cellars and trips. Something internal that he wished he would not die dead father father ... suffocated alone. I felt a bit of distress and gloom when he killed the children of Sheikh Izz al-Din before his eyes..but I was patient that it was a breakthrough in the story of Hanna through which the person of Suleiman who wore him against his will and leaves back to Hanna Yaqoub..a seller of eggs. I could not catch my breath until I realized that Hanna had finally returned to Helena and Barbara ... to Beirut.
good. The location of the hotel is very excellent for me in the mobile market. The rum will kick very badly and not respond from the first time
Blessed trip. Grand Mosque in Mecca. Turnip Crush
The second time I live in it, and it is affordable. I liked the deal of brother Adel at the reception. I asked for a room change that overlooks the pool and the palace of Shaker. He is appreciated. The hotel is excellent and clean, and there are large and comfortable parking spaces. The cleaning employee entered the room without professors, and the foreign swimming pool was dirty and in an unclean shape
Proximity to God. Proximity to the sanctuary. Wi-Fi
good. Location, cleanliness and ample space. The lighting is very weak inside the rooms and there is a problem with electricity as well ..
My mind was then described and my relationship with the river was determined. I am floating over the water, but I am not part of it. I thought that if I died at that moment, I would have died as I was born without my will. All my life, I have not chosen or decided. I now decide that I choose life. I will live because there are a few people that I love to stay with them as long as possible and because I have duties that I must perform that do not concern me whether or not life has meaning. And if I cannot forgive, I will try to forget. I will live by force and cunning.
Excellent. . Location
Excellent . Yeah. Intermittent internet and breakfast is delicious, but it lacks more items
Exceptional. Everything is excellent, especially near the Dubai Mall. the price is too high
Worth the experience. Reception, cleanliness, services provided, and a good view of the sea ... The head pillows on the bed are uncomfortable.
Wonderful and I want to repeat. . All places are upscale and clean, very excellent Wi-Fi connection, very good bathroom, great room service, and comfort in the bedroom ... Sports channels were not present on the TV such as MBC Sport and others ..
Great in terms of cleanliness compared to the price regardless of the factor. The beds are very comfortable, the room is very clean and has all the necessities. The parking garbage is garbage, and I advise not to get out of it.
Everything that was for God lasted and communicated and everything that was for others was cut off and separated .... Those who live for the sake of imaginary ideas, no matter how sublime, must come the day when they utter them .... Home and honor and Wu all underestimate for the sake of the crown
First, I love to congratulate my friend Ahmed Abdel Majeed on his first superb. Few people can attract you to their first novels so you can read them in just two sessions. I cannot say that you are a beginner writer, as your first novel was born great and you deserve to be among the first, it is not a compliment but it is a fact acknowledged by even the Sheikh Zayed Book Award nomination committee. Perhaps I have some notes on the dramatic plot of a meeting on the train between Khaled and Khaled, and even trying to end the novel with the clarity of the truth of the old man Khaled, but it is not a police or historical narration, I find the heart of the novel and Khaled Mahfouz&#39;s experience at the heart of the work. I bless the last two for the culture community in Egypt. The first programmer in this field entered after being a stone for the doctors:.
Exceptional. Parking Spacious Apartment Cleanliness Location View. nothing
Wonderful. The restaurant offers multiple and delicious items. The room rates are somewhat overpriced, especially as time is normal and is not considered a seasonal.
Clean and respectable next to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. Cleanliness, arrangement and ethics of employees. No, it was wonderful days
good. Good site. Air conditioning is poor
Hyatt Regency Hotel is worth the return. . Close to the campus, parking lots, there are several restaurants inside the center, and I liked the mosque inside the hotel overlooking the square, as well as the hotel restaurant is excellent at all ...
And I finished this second reading of the psychology of the oppressed person, the truth behind the motive of my second reading for him was the sequence and succession of these Arab revolutions, especially among them the revolution of the Syrian people, the people most oppressed in the Arab world .. Among the manifestations of underdevelopment, which begin in the stage of oppression and acquiescence, are generated by that oppressed human, the complex of deficiency, shame, and disorder of permanence, then moving to the stage of persecution, those stages of the oppressed person that lead inevitably to the formation of a society, world, or underdeveloped state that also addresses Hijazi to the characteristics of the oppressed human. Psychological impact of the weakness of the educational curriculum and its incompatibility with the daily behavior of life, linking the teacher’s authority in the urban community to pupils and the authority and tyranny of the master in the agricultural sector on rural peasants and the rule of the master’s role in the work institutions that dominated the oppressed human being succumbed to subjugation and the complexity of deficiency and its relationship to that in the perpetuation of the social backwardness of the human being Until the setback and its setback come that oppressed in the rebellion and confrontation, and Al-Hijazi says when the oppressed people rise up and take up arms with what it means from the magic magic salvation conquers death victorious over his fear of it he notices a change in the lived experience and behavior which is completely in contrast to m The journey of submission, instead of the inferiority complex, the knot of superiority and superiority emerges instead of incapacity and surrender. The knot of tyranny rather than lack of status emerges. The knot of exclusion emerges. This person who carried peace without organized political affiliation and adequate education. He feels something tyranny that he and his armed group are an indomitable group before which barriers and difficulties collapse, and that is due to satisfactions and psychological compensations. The writer ended up with a chapter in which he talked about the status of women in the underdeveloped society and the result in a tripartite alienation: sexual ideological sexual
Exceptional. Dealing with reception hygiene. Everything is completely thank God
I cry for the Easterners ... Because laughter over diseases is a great ignorance. The book simply opens the wound and discusses some of the problems that many minds in the Arab world are concerned with, such as, for example. Living in the past is our view of the different with us in the opinions of our community of the marrow, after us from the objectivity in many of our discussions ... I liked in the book that it discusses the problems and opens the wound, but what I like is that it stopped at the step de and did not offer practical solutions to some problems possible because the book is working to display and discuss the problems but just like What the writer mentioned at the end of the book .. God knows, but the book in general discusses problems, one of which must be freed from the Arab mind.
Wonderful, I devoured her novels, creative dreams
A true story, as stated by Al-Aqqad and some of his students, as Anish Mansour, who suggest that it is a personal experience.
The awareness of life is above life itself, and the knowledge of the laws of happiness is higher than happiness. A sentence that deserves a lot of research in the first place and many psychological inquiries in order to keep it together or against it
One of the most beautiful collections of common poetry in her village. Many quotes are from it
Exceptional. Excellence in location, service and hygiene.
Wonderful. Tranquility and the mosque next to it. Location is high
One of the most wonderful things I read to Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, or rather Rifaat Ismail
We got it wrong when we thought that the homeland was only the past. Ghassan killed me with a return to Haifa
good. The apartment is spacious and clean. The staff are wonderful. The location is great. The amount is very expensive for a hotel in the form of apartments
Clean pen, wide imagination and interesting style
I started reading this book, and I completed my tenth year, so I left my hand in the book except when I finished reading, understanding and knowing: This was one of the most important stages in my life, as I took it from the era of naive childhood to an era that exudes knowledge, reflection, love of science and modern physics, a great book and the greatest writer: God&#39;s mercy on the writer:
very good. The hotel members cooperated in the impasse that happened with me. Parking is few
I read hundreds of novels. But after I finished Laylat al-Qadr. I realized that I had not read. More than one novel
The migration was forced and a nightmare that the people of Andalusia could not tolerate, so the dead roots do not grow if they are uprooted from their soil ... and today the Arabs have become a dream, a security, and a prayer that makes the Muslim age rejoice to leave and be saved from the humiliation, injustice and hardship of living. The countries of the West ... today, do not evangelize and do not kill, but rights and the creation of generous and a dazzling system and nationalities, so one of us returns with his nationality and language in which he crammed brief words from the Arabic language. Nudity, parties, Christmas, Valentine, and Evotu are a holiday, and we have held it voluntarily. Prayer became heavy, fasting was optional, and zakat was a legacy and a pilgrimage legacy for grandparents. So, Britney Spears, Menemen, Sir John, and a large number of stars and pioneers followed the example of the big and small. Which is more the loss of Andalusia or lost? Thank you, Jerus, and I hope to meet you another book with the same splendor and creativity
I loved it very very, and I was upset and happy at the same time that it was concluded ... Realistically depressing and very beautiful originally:. Hard genius
thank you . Yes, the breakfast was delicious and the bed was comfortable ... even the two cheerleaders. The site is not overlooking the sanctuary ... and some of the services in the room are broken and not renewed.
Atlantis experience. . I advise not to take a room that is connected to another room with a common door because during two experiments in the same hotel and during sleep after one o&#39;clock in the morning there is an inconvenience from the next room either from children or some young people to alcohol drink number that I requested the security of the hotel but unfortunately the problem did not solve.
One of the novels that you will not know what to write about after its completion.
I recommend staying there. All about the hotel is excellent from parking to the very rooms. There is no
The aim of the supposed reading is to move to another level of thought in addition to entertainment, of course. Initially I took into consideration the writer’s warning and decided not to convert it to my mind while reading, and not afterwards gladly delivered it to me. For me, this book is the best book on the subconscious. I wish the whole world read it
Buthaina ... It is nice for you to put amazing ends to stories we had believed in by young people ... for reality to come and show us that we believe in illusion no more ..... these ends your ends may be more realistic than the miserable grandmothers&#39; ends ..... I wanted to I quote the whole book except the last sentence. And finally. We are victims of ourselves and others are just an argument. I wished that this statement would be applied to me. I searched a lot in the folds of my life, and I stuck this sentence in my throat .... and until now I am trying to pronounce it. But it came out with one result. We are victims of each other ... we are victims of days ... we are victims of pain ... we are victims of everything with ourselves, it is unfair to throw all the crime on ourselves
One of the best I&#39;ve read from great novels
Exceptional. A very excellent hotel, fine services, and a distinct breakfast buffet, with all the services required for the convenience of the traveler, close to the campus.
Excellent for young people. A suitable hotel for youth excursions, its price is reasonable, its location is close to the sea, and the treatment of the staff is very impressive. The only problem with this hotel is the lack of parking
My first reading to Professor Ghazi Al-Qossabi. I loved that this story is full of a huge amount of information in many fields. Reading this book is like walking in the garden of knowledge
Hebta. I brought it from time to cutter, so thankful people. Then, get a second gift. I fell up and decided to read it. I like the name. Attracted me. I was struck by events. I liked it more than soon, I will see her as a movie. Characters divided into four age groups. A da crazy person. I felt he was awful. Anyone who pledges allegiance is a reasonable person who works like this. It could be agreed with the student who said that we want love from Bata&#39;a, the daughter of Jeeran Love in Egypt. I do not love foreign films. First look and first touch. And we play tunes left:. O peace be upon him and one on the surface of her journey and embrace her. And he killed him in his house and shit remained. What is this? This is the personal way for me. Especially those who worked with the person who loved him so hard. A shaky person, I don&#39;t know, what do you want? The character of the violin who was born who spoke to his beloved owner. And he knew everything about her from the first interview that you were watching with the witch of the south, and I did not walk with his nymph, so Farghali, and what: The sweetest two characters the little boy and the neighbors girl the childhood purity. And the sick boy and his partner. Although each country at the end of one person:. Although that was the personality of the owner of the coach, he also attended the seminar. :. Hey Kharashi, all scandals for satellite TV Haha::. Can be performed by stars. Because of my strong talk. Especially since I felt that most of their brain’s characters are sweet. And the style of dialogue with their children is high-minded. And the writer made a rigorous effort in his novel de. I drew it in one base. I liked his words, especially Paschal, the heart touches a lot. And Osama Guowei convincing coach. Good luck to the writer. And, God willing, I will answer his work and be at a better and better level
Very beautiful . Everything is above expected and comfortable. There are no indicative boards for the hotel&#39;s fingers
Everything you hide from thought, there is in the chest cavity. The color and the marking of the mind rise from the heart, and the face is clouded with lightness
Exceptional. Service and hygiene. Snow with money
Gorgeous . I advise you about the hotel because it is beautiful once and there are no negatives. As I mentioned there are no downsides
Nice experience. Location and coordination of the hotel and reception and service staff.
Apartments seeking excellence. Bring breakfast to the room. Insufficient supplies of bathroom
Whose chest am I growing up? Whose cherries took place? For whom does an apple bloom? For whom are two Chinese plates from Sadaf and from Jawhar? Those who have two cups of gold and no one gets drunk? For whom is a lip lip that freezes sugar over it? Satan? Worms? The walls are invincible? Raise it and sunlight, water it, the blondes of my blond hair. Wow, I was astonished when he expressed the woman&#39;s lust, but this book suggests that it is a prelude to a future one, a deeper and more detailed
Comfortable hotel with professional staff. The restaurant is lovely, the reception is professional staff. The cleanliness at the entrance to the hotel was below the Movenpick level
very good. The best thing I liked is the mattresses are very special and comfortable. The hotel is simple and neatly arranged. There is no session inside the room and the room is very narrow also, there is no room service even during your arrival you are the one who downloads your things and goes to the room
From what I read the coolest. I say that on the book that I read and learn something from, and this book learned a lot from him. What are the most entrances to love in the relationship with God and through the ongoing dialogues between the characters of the novel, I knew the meaning of reading the Qur’an in spirit. Trips through time that are in God’s hands alone. God created places like the sun and the moon to produce in his power and strength time. Many signs of faith make the energy of faith stronger than anyone imagines. Tharwat Al-Khirbawi: You surpassed yourself a lot in this wonderful novel, and with continuity I believe in the opinion of the humble person you will become a writer. It is worth noting that you are still somehow affected by the mystery of the temple, and this is certainly not a shame because you set off an extremely dangerous issue in space time and it is the issue of debt merchants and a misunderstanding of religion spread in Egyptian society.
May God have mercy on the master Syed Qutb and may God reward Dr. Salah with good .. With my objection to parts that drowned the doctor in proving the necessity of peacefulness and reckless military action in all its forms; and another part that the doctor did not notice to him, I think when he mentioned his accusation of Ali Ashmawi that he was tied from the regime so It makes the organization bear arms, which implies that the system knows everything about the organization and then suddenly we find it after that it takes to prove that the system was surprised by the organization and did not know anything about it except after the arrest of all its members I think this ambivalence lies in the doctor&#39;s immersion in the skeptical analysis in each of Think about taking up arms ... And finally: the book, in my opinion, may build a legend Sayyid Qutb is seen by some who do not know him .. The legend of Sayyid Qutb may destroy the superman at every moment when he exaggerates it, especially in the investigation part .. This and the most important thing in the book is the negation of important principles upon which a lot of attack and exaggeration was built after it: the ignorance of societies Is the intended Has the legal meaning or literary theoretical meaning? Sayyid Qutb declared it explicitly: Rather, the theoretical meaning .. What is the approach of Sayyid Qutb to work? In the six steps, we find it clear and we discover that many of the contemporary scientific Salafi groups are following the same steps except for the armament part, as it is not far from its approach as some people imagine and its approach is completely far from the jihadist approaches to change, and it is quite far from the Brotherhood&#39;s political approaches .. In all honesty, I do not see it. Absolutely realistic. It would be nice to know that the first person to charge Sayyid Qutb with expiation of societies: the Brotherhood was against him. It is nice to see what kinetics do in people: I made Sayyid Qutb with this mentality to address the guide al-Hudaybi in a tone as if he is the president and he cannot include anyone except with his approval. Practical in the fifties and at the theoretical level, the peaceful postponement approach ... For this I see that while organizations must confront the secular state, it is dangerous for intellectuals to join them ... they must maintain their neutrality among them so that they do not turn into a propaganda horn that distributes the rest of them ... the massacres of the fifties and sixties Do not compare with massacres Today what is happening now exceeds everything that happened in the history of this country. The Brotherhood are the Brotherhood and the same mentalities and the same cheering are sufficient because they preserved the legitimacy of the guiding Hudaybi against the reckless and the revolutionaries the Brotherhood .. Then after that they will face extermination and with them their legal guide and they assert that their peacefulness is stronger than bullets. Muslims. The Brotherhood and the Leader were arrested at the beginning .. Nasser went through a major crisis .. They went out .. Did they prepare themselves for another blow that would better prepare for it from those who found treachery? Never been arrested again and again at the end with ease. A very good study ... and a history that no one can learn from
The most distinguishing feature of the novel is the author&#39;s introduction to it, how to find the grandson of the hero and the meeting of the heroine in the barn, it was something that makes you feel the reality of the novel. As for the story, it is very realistic, and realistic, to the extent of the scarcity of extraordinary events, and the end of something that I saw no beginning. Jaffa is the heroine of the hidden novel, the author talked about it a long time, long about its people, its orange, its sea ... I did not distinguish Jaffa between the cities, and I do not recognize its orange, I finished the novel and fell asleep to see myself picking oranges from Jaffa with joy, yes I expected you with love Jaffa:
Close to the Holiday Inn. The location was very close to Holiday Inn Hotel, the place for the course was to come to me, Anna, for it. The crew are all very ethic, all the shops are under the hotel. The hotel is quiet and comfortable, and I registered a late checkout after taking permission from the reception and it was not charged any additional cost .. The location is far from the city center, the pillows are uncomfortable, the TV channels need a filter,
the days. Biography of Taha Hussein, the immortal .. A long book introduces me to the misery of blindness, and I do not forget how to describe his small details when he put on the black glasses for the first time .. Blindness is not the story of a challenge that people overcome, but a tragedy that stays with people every second and never forgets .. His perception of others without even Their knowledge and sharp criticism of Al-Azhar’s education are very exciting things in the book .. I think it is a book that does not speak to the ideal of Arab writers and this is its greatest advantage .. it may be boring sometimes especially in the middle and it lists the names of the elders who are disciples on their hands. But it is one of the books that must be read.
Of the books that are very important in the field of self-development, you will not feel its splendor when every word is implemented in it and that it cares for every detail and implements it again and again, until it reaches the desired result, God willing, very simplified. By the beginning of the book, Dr. Ibrahim, may God have mercy on him, put a point, which is the desired result of this book, which means that if you finish it and you do not get these points, you must repeat and repeat ... and support his concepts with tables, which are much easier than the general explanation,. The tables are: Learning process schedule Change model Control of unconscious reactions Focus model Audit model Problem solving strategy Absolute communication strategy. Audiovisual visual division. In order to program your mind with certainty, you need things. Confirmation should be positive. Do not say I am not a bad contact man, but rather say I am a superior contact man. I must be your assertion in the attribute of the present time, no less, I will become a brilliant contact man, but rather I am a skilled contact man. Your assertions must be brief, not less long sentences, they must be purposeful to the point. Your affirmations must be accompanied by strong feelings..If you say that I am a successful contact man always feel or believe in what you say then your mind. The unconscious will not accept this statement. Confirmation must be repeated daily and several times a day because if a few times the important effect of recurrence is lost. :. Assurances you can use to program your mind. I believe in myself and in my ability to succeed. I am a distinguished contact man. I am a great listener. I can smile easily. My condition is getting better and better every day, every day. I can control my judgments and emotions easily. I love people and establish my presence with them. I love myself unconditionally. I am a great giving man and I strive to help people. People love me and they need to inform me and my advice. Quotes. Communication is like flashing, no matter how dark the night is, the road always glows in front of you. There is nothing and I find you are more than able to get it in this world as long as you are convinced that you can get it. You can do anything you think can be done..this is a gift from God because through it you can solve any human problem. Do as you can from the best and with all possible means and in all possible ways, whenever you have the opportunity to more people for the longest possible period and your reward will be absolute success and complete happiness.
Great new hotel. The hotel is new for months, was opened by a family, close to the Dubai Mall, clean, helpful staff, nice quiet music, lobby, and fingers, a varied breakfast. The pool is not over yet, but you can use the Damac hotel pool, which is very close to the hotel
Romantic dreamy create the author
Wonderful. Its location is excellent and close to the metro. There is no
Wonderful book .. and very useful ..
Resorting to faith in itself needs faith .... We do not reward others by forgiving their sins .. We reward ourselves, and we are purified from within ..... Giving without love is worthless. Taking without tasteless gratitude .... Spatial distances have other dimensions that we do not know, during which time expands. The further we go with distance, time passes into distance. The novel is very fascinating and very humane. When Jesus visited his father’s grave, I was so moved that I cried. Treat people only with your humanity.
I enjoyed his reading a very pleasant, delicious, and funny language .. Rehab&#39;s spirit is very visible and I loved it very much, and I kept feeling that I know it personally
Sofitel is awesome. Everything I liked about the hotel.
This book was the conclusion of the philosophy of Al-Rafii in Love, as he began to express the philosophy of love in his book Hadith Al-Qamar, then he completed his philosophy of love in two other books, namely, the leaves of roses and messages of sorrows. A trick like this so he said: I will not go beyond the title of this book any further than it, because from the title it appears that it is in the philosophy of love .. Akkad had intended to write his own philosophy in love so that he would not be affected by what Al-Rafei said in his books The Messages of Sorrows and Leaves of Roses .. Generally Al-Rafii’s style is very difficult and many of his readers think they understand him but no The opposite of what is correct, and what is most beautiful what Al-Arian once said when he wrote about the biography of Al-Rafei in a special book in which he said: Al-Rafei was the link between what Abu Hayyan Al-Tawhidi and Al-Jahidh was writing between what modern-day thinkers and philosophers write of sophistication in the idea and transcendence in meaning. God&#39;s mercy on him.
Excellent except for isolating rooms. Location, design, and price. Room isolation is not good. Wi-Fi did not give us the username and password. The water heater is supposed to be functional, and the customer is not the one that occupies it.
An interesting book, but the review needs another deeper reading, because the book contains many benefits, written in an interesting story style.
good. . The frankly, valet parking service is very poor, as well as allowing non-resident people to be present in the hotel&#39;s swimming pools and promenade
Exceptional. Cleanliness, staff and quiet. The price of eating is overrated
Wonderful. The reception staff are great. The lobby is beautiful and comfortable. Shower room and toilet need more hygiene and attention. Smoke of barbecue inside the restaurant is annoying
The place is good when compared to the surrounding places in terms of location and price. Location.
Beautiful to the extreme. Aesthetic rooms and views. nothing
I will not go to a place in Dubai other than this hotel. The services are all excellent.
Very sad and realistic to a frightening degree .... I find Fatima Chihene in some respects ... A family story that is not absent from Professor Buthaina this character ... a novel with a feminine nature of the first degree .... very interesting
Wow. Beautiful hotel.
I read it in one night, its fast, fun events prevented me from sleeping without completing it .. The fact that it touched my heart and my being and I felt that I am part of its events I move with them I feel like them I would like to help them .. I really felt strange with her. In spite of the alienation that already existed, even if you were in your country ... as if one is not satisfied with what they are. It brings them Ali Ali .. But as Omar narrated with the novel .. the novel should be a starting point for the reunification of Muslims in general and expatriates in particular and the needy help of them .. and the development of their skill and support in good and bad times .. Thank you Dr. Khawla Hamdi
Painful, agonizing and shocking ... The writer used symbolism more than directness. Salwa was Palestine, whose offerings of kin were violated by strangers. How and why they have given it to them after they took their need from them. It is a painful and sad Palestine. To say the least, it reveals the ugly face of these people, who all commanded Salwa, I mean Palestine. ///////////. I was surprised by those who did not understand the novel, which the writer messed with time, so many scattered and did not understand it, or even appreciated it. The novel is beautiful and fun, despite the sudden transition between different times. Which was not an obstacle in front of me to understand it. Maybe because I&#39;m Palestinian? ?. I don’t know .. maybe. ///////////////////. I enjoyed reading, although it did not reach the splendor of the time of the white horses, as it is the best part of the comedy yet. /////////////////. Of course, I enjoyed it while conserving obscene words, as I said them in the novel
All the books of Mostafa Mahmoud have the same pattern, in which you feel the intellectual stability of the writer. The confused question ... Focus more on Freud&#39;s quagmire, it may be one of the poorest books of the doctor but worth reading
Thank Hotel Tolan. Everything. nothing
All I find myself bored with open and beef in it. Whoever loves books for my heart ..
The pro-Islam people dispersed Shiites, stabbed each other in Islam, disbelieved each other, and declared weapons to fight with each other ..... some of them drowned in the controversy over formalities and appearances, and they fought over beard, miswak, shamrock, niqab, and shortening the garment, and they chewed the crusts and forgot the essence, spirit and core.
Powooooooooooooooo
They are all true ......
A glimpse of Dubai that goes away The hotel is located on the small bay close to everything, and it is one of the oldest hotels in Dubai, and someday there will be built an indescribable tall building, so enjoy it as much as possible things change quickly in Dubai. Good rooms, friendly staff and service too. Reasonable cost. Comfortable and homely.
Excellent hotel apartments for families. Apartment cleanliness and large area. The price rise is a bit crowded with the hotel road
Good stay. Cleanliness and comfort of the family and I liked the respect of the Bucking clients and their introduction to others. The lack of parking and the lack of buses for the campus
Sweet, but the dust of the sweetest diamonds
A very stressful novel because all its details are objective and stemming from an idea that has psychological implications and performances. The novel can be enormously infused with psychological theories, which really are not up to now. It represents a quote environment for many authors. As for the reading of the book &quot;The Doctrine of Trauma&quot; by Naomi Klein, which recounts the experiences of the CIA in subjugating the minds of detainees, O&#39;Brien&#39;s methods were implemented by them, I was really amazed, where did you get this genius? George, although he certainly was inspired by the experiences of the Nazis. It was classified from pessimistic literature along the lines of a new brave scientist by Aldous Huxley, but it remained the true premise of reality literature for Landrich and Kundera, then Arab writers. The most beautiful untold story in the novel is Winston&#39;s desperate attempts to clear dust from the past and try to revive the memory in the pre-party period so that he can compare and build on this legacy for analysis and try to find the roots of the current reality. The human reality lies in the memory if it is emptied from its content, the vision adopted by the party remains the truth The solution always lies in the truth and it is possible for all tyrants to go to this point specifically to cancel and distort all the past in order to expose themselves as loyal heroes and the nearest example is what the Free Officers Gang did to crush Egyptian political history before them to get rid of its symbols and distort them and prevent every platform that speaks of They or reveals the history merely the fact remains demonized enemies of tyrants truth that condemn them and highlight their flaws make the resistance have meaning the first book does not allow the Bey of the political movement before the book Tariq human movement political in Egypt does not publish a year and I remember the quotation of Mahmoud Darwish and invaders&#39; fear of memories
If my mind and my imagination were working as a diesel engine, smoke came out of them from the intensity of my imagination of the novel with its events and details of the dialogue. I made my mind clear ..
I am now going to madness, and I know Dr. Ahmed. Imagine or anticipate these events. Especially the Israeli channel aligned with the Suez Canal? . The novel is above the excellent, and although it is short, it was possible to have more details than that, but I felt it very much and lived it. The first time I hate a character like this in a novel, this character is backward seriously, and Dr. Ahmed wrote it so sweet
And if he returns to your past to disturb your present, smile that ridiculous smile for him .. and leave
Exceptional. . Smell annoyingly smoke
very good. I liked the good staff interaction and cooperation. Toilets need to be changed and upgraded and care of furniture
Wonderful. . The room needs more cleaning
A wonderful resort and a wonderful and fun resort. A beautiful and imaginative resort and hotel in the full sense of the word, the services and the rooms are excellent. The club is for an amount, so the guest has the right to use a club at any time and more than once. The fees are also exaggerated. They will benefit from restaurants or hotel activities, such as a father. In general, I recommend the hotel to enjoy swimming pools, a cupark, watching fish and touring the hotel.
very good. Quiet room. Music in the restaurant, although there was only me and my family, so I asked for it to be closed and they did not respond .. This is an inconvenience
one of the best I have ever read . I will not go further than that ...
The first book I read for Farouk Jweida ... I am enjoying a lot ... I am very much
Exceptional. . Adaptation Shui Harir
Excellent . Everything is beautiful beyond description. The internet is not free, the prices of restaurants above the high, the price of one night is equal to the price of nights in five-star hotels in Dubai
Good value and location. The location is great, close to all services, especially the metro station. After the building from the pool and it is better to choose the apartment overlooking Sheikh Zayed Road
I recommend it. Accomodation..and location..and psychological comfort..we lost a gold ring..and raises a question about trust in some nationalities of workers in room cleaning services. Breakfast is repeated and does not fit with the place of residence and its value.
Frankly, all of Ibrahim’s books are more than wonderful, and they help to accept life in everything that it has. All of his books are not the book, but this is not true
very good. Boudl Hira branch, reception staff, especially Khaled, who has a long time. Go to Boudl Hira, my sense of safety in the presence of this person. There is no
very good. Cleanliness is close to the locations of restaurants, the metro station and the commercial centers. They treat the employees well and their dedication to meeting the requests of guests. Online ducks
Gorgeous . The room is inside and the pool. The high price of breakfast
good . The location is excellent, the rooms are great, the friendliness and professionalism of the brother in reception and their high morals in addition to her speed in providing any service I ask for along with calm and comfort .. The bed is uncomfortable
One of the few Indian restaurants in Jeddah is not concerned with quality and taste. The restaurant is Indian management, very excellent and very reasonably priced.
Excellent . Very luxurious cleanliness of everything is beautiful and I advise it. nothing
A passion awakens me .. I open my eyes and the window of my heart as gifts .. oh, is this a book of myth? Or delirium? Or a deep sea of madness? I was taken prisoner by the light. In it you try to discover the letter of the letter chewing the word word. And swallowing it near your heart is never held captive. An office like this one
A practical and comfortable hotel for all family members, my work because in the middle of the city of Alexandria, there are cafes, restaurants and a very large mall at the bottom that admire the ladies, there are amusement parks and cinemas for children, a very good swimming pool, and a wonderful club of kindness that can be added in addition to the good reception and hospitality, everyone smiles and your requests in the room Immediately meet the air conditioning. Wonderful shower facilities. Only disadvantage is that it has nothing to do with the sea and the taste of eating in the buffet is bad ... I first landed in a regular room, and the second time I got into an executive room that has a separate lobby. Drinks and food are available for free around the clock and its taste Tasty.
A beautiful book and interesting events, while preserving some scenes in it. I was hoping for a five-star adele. Unfortunately, the star text for some scenes and another text for the weak end. I wish the end was stronger than this so that it would flow with the rest of the wonderful novel events
Great review without schools Abdullah Saleh Friday. For a good book, I was given it by stars for containing the biographies of people who were intellectually abusive and of war criminals like Hitler. Many of the great ones have fallen out of school, led by our Prophet Muhammad, whose biography was not included in the book. The character will be left behind from the school .. with wide fame, lingering monuments and large sums of money he built himself .. It is worth noting: School failure does not mean school failure, for these people drew their education from the great school of life..the goal is not to leave the school system but rather to explain the methods of success delivered by the great without school..the description that a great person does not mean agreeing to a methodology or support for his work .. Why this book? Education in school means teaching students the product of others ’ideas, and confining the child’s place to the limits of the textbook .. And that reduces the child’s imagination and the ability to creativity .. Some studies indicate the superiority of some children who have failed to study .. Creativity is a mixture of talent and work And success ... the most correct change of the academic system and not development, because of the graduates do not work in their field of specialization .. creativity will solve the problems of unemployment and academic, economic and cognitive backwardness in our Arab world .. Agatha Christie English novelist: the greatest detective story book in all ages And printed by one billion copies .. Her stories are accurate and plot Its logic series and the vast amount of mysteries and mysterious plots, using its creative imagination to find a narrative technique based on resourcefulness or ambiguity as a style of excitement and suspense .. Bill Gates :. A fortune of billions of dollars. The turning point. The school wanted a computer. He started showing an ability to write software that stems from the love of mathematics and logic. He obtained the first contract for the Personnel Management Program for a local company .. The first company he founded is a company, then he was assigned to work Class system in school .. General joined Harvard University to study law, and could not complete university education due to a passion for mathematics and immersed himself in the computer world .. Founded Microsoft and in the year began operating system Windows .. Oprah Winfrey :. The American President went beyond influencing the people, the first black woman to present a program in America and she has several charitable works .. Mikhail Kalashnikov :. The inventor of the most famous rifle in the world .. Michael Dell :. The owner of Dell Computers Company, a general cessation of university studies and foundations of Dell Computers Company .. After years he started dealing with big customers .. His company is the main provider of many computer products and services and provides its customers with the basic products and services to establish the Internet infrastructure and information technology , Fortune one billion dollars. Abdul Rahman Al-Jeraisy: He founded several companies such as the Riyadh House Foundation, and he has contributions in the chambers and commercial and industrial cities .. He knew about the support of Palestinian institutions .. The fortune of two billion dollars .. Ahmed Deedat :. He devoted his life to calling for Islam through holding debates, holding seminars and lectures, and he published twenty books .. He founded the Peace Institute for Graduating Preachers in South Africa, awarding the King Faisal International Prize .. Winston Churchill :. British politician, he was the Prime Minister and Minister of Defense in World War II .. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature for writing several books .. It was one of the hobbies of drawing .. Muhammad Nasir al-Din al-Albani :. One of the most prominent Muslim scholars in the modern era, and one of the unique scholars in wound and modification .. He left school to study a concentrated curriculum of the Qur’an and monetization and pure grammar .. He took the pride of the profession of hours repair and found it and provided him with time to read and study .. Learn the science of Hadith in One year, the virtual library administration assigned him a special room .. Sheikh Ali was the ancestral approach .. Sheikh Liwa carried the call for unification and the year in Syria, he was arrested twice .. He was invited to several conferences in Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Spain .. I recommend a library for the Islamic University Library In Medina, Hamad Al-Jasser, a Muslim scholar, studied literature at Cairo University He left with the World War .. He held several positions in the Saudi Ministry of Education .. Joined the Saudi Islamic Institute .. He began his talent in writing and issued the Riyadh newspaper and established the Al Yamamah Research, Translation and Publishing House .. He has several researches in geography and history .. a member of several language groups in Egypt, Damascus and Iraq. He won several honors and awards .. Adolf Hitler :. A German leader, influenced by anti-Semitic thought against the Jews and led to the defeat of Germany in the First World War .. led the Nazi party and gained the support of the people through the Minister of Information Joseph Goebbels as Germany&#39;s savior from the depression and the communist movement .. witnessed a period of wisdom of economic recovery .. Versailles established an army and began to expand in Europe and pledged with Italy, Japan, Hungary, Romania, Bulgaria, and Austria to form the Axis Powers .. The Third Reich fell, was defeated, and committed suicide. Ernest Hemingway :. The well-known writer had a distinctive, simple and clearly defined style, far from retouching and decoration, as he was telling stories in a direct journalistic style and resulted from a long journalistic practice .. He won the Nobel Prize .. Abbas Al-Akkad :. The well-known writer is the owner of literary production and the genius series .. Clerks have exceeded a hundred and held a high place in the modern literary renaissance and lived elevated from positions to preserve and cherish their freedom .. Gabriel Marquez :. A writer, a Colombian, worked for the Cuban News Agency, his most famous novel One Hundred Years of Solitude, devoted to writing a diary a year and received a Nobel Prize in literature ... William Shakespeare :. The writer, the storyteller, and the poet are among the theatrical works other than poems, prose and narrations. He used more than twenty thousand independent singles and all literary and rhetorical forms of metaphor, simile, metaphor, anagrams and antecedents, and there is no limit in manipulating words .. Mahmoud Sami Al-Baroudi :. The parent belonged to the Mamluk sultans, joined the army .. His talent was manifested at an early age, he absorbed the Arab heritage and read the masterpieces of Arabic, Persian and Turkish poetry, so these were the factors of renewal in Al-Asil&#39;s poetry .. Exiled to Serendip Island for a year and he died .. Paulo Coelho: . Brazilian writer, he wanted to become a writer and joined a theatrical group and began working as a journalist .. He wrote the first clerical pilgrimage and then alchemy .. He established a public institute that provides material support to the poor in Brazil .. He has a superior ability to express the human message and a method that generates the ability to Dreaming, and urges the search for unity of purpose .. Received several prestigious awards .. Omar Al-Mukhtar :. Lion of the desert and the sheikh of the Mujahideen .. Born in Cyrenaica, Libya, Ali Sheikh Al-Senussi studied Arabic language and legal sciences and memorizing the Holy Qur’an, appeared on the negativity and calmness of the mind .. Participated in the martyrdom among the Mujahideen against France in Sudan, then against Italy in Libya He organized the movement of jihad and resistance .. After receiving the fascists in Italy, the pressure intensified, the rejection of offers in negotiations to travel to Egypt or the Hijaz or surrender, and a determination to continue the jihad for victory or martyrdom ... and a verdict against him after his arrest in a mock trial of death and Implemented .. Malcolm X .. Haj Malik Shabaz .. He grew up in America in a Christian family, he killed a father and he is a father For years, a nation had deteriorated its psychological state and had a mental illness .. Most of the whites looked at him as not a human being, and few treated him well .. In a year he worked as a shoe shiner .. In the year of imprisonment of years .. The safest year and joined the organization of the Nation of Islam. He left prison in a year and became a cleric and was guided a lot by hand .. It was a call that the black man had human rights before the civil .. In a year he traveled to the Hajj and saw the whites and blacks without discrimination and met King Faisal and many Muslim scholars who assured him The organization of the Nation of Islam contains several errors .. After that, he visited several Arab countries, and he formulated ideas that call for true Islam, and the brotherhood of the human beings, by distributing a Look for the color .. killed in February in a fight in one of his lectures .. Abu Ala Mawdudi :. One of the flags of the preachers in the modern era, and the prince of the Islamic community in India and Pakistan .. A young mother died, he was writing articles in defense of the Islamic caliphate .. He taught himself by studying Arab sciences, Sharia, hadith, literature, rhetoric and logic, then English and English Literature .. He took over the management of the Qur’an, in the year of founding the Islamic group and one of its goals was to establish the religion of God, the Islamic system and win the pleasure of God and obtain survival in the afterlife .. Its claims were: Governance to God, Sharia law, the country’s law, nullifying all Violating laws, Sharia arbitration of government actions ... This led to a clash with the itch Wama, death sentence, imprisonment for life, and pardon .. He left the emirate of the group for a sickness, won the King Faisal Prize and died in the same year .. Mustafa Al-Rafei :. He did not succeed in secondary education, he was determined in one of his ears, then the other at the age of thirty, so he went to a patriarchal library that draws from heritage books .. He worked as a court clerk in Tanta, then Itai Al-Baroud and then Tanta al-Sharia .. He started his life as a poet, then he went into prose then became the poet of King Farouk .. deals with the history of Arabic literature in several books .. There was a literary battle between him and Akkad and the fiercest with Taha Hussein because of the pre-Islamic poetry book .. Died .. Isaac Newton :. His theories are the basis in physics, he led all sciences in the Renaissance era to get Europe out of the dark ages of the era of progress and renaissance .. discovered the algebraic equation with binomial, and discovered gravity .. he headed several bodies and was a member of Parliament and got several medals and titles ... The Wright brothers died: They invented the first successful plane and made their first trip around the world ... died
The story of the children of our neighborhood is not only one of the most important Arab literature presented to the World Library and it is perhaps the most important reason for Mahfouz to receive the Nobel Prize. But it is really worth reading, although in my view it is not the most beautiful literary work for him, but because it is the most important because of its clash with the social and religious reality of living .. There is no doubt that the outburst of anger from religious institutions and the banning of the book in several Arab countries have helped in increasing its importance. But when you read the story of the children of Adam and that hot, you will not stand the position of the transient reader of the novel as much as you will have the opportunity to look as a reader of historical and social book in the form of interesting stories. I will return to read it soon, as I have read it, and I am touched by the widespread popular and religious discontent over it at that time. I bought the modern edition from it years ago and haven&#39;t unlocked it yet but it looks elegant
I love the style of Muhammad Hassan Alwan very much. I consider it the most wonderful Arab book ever. I love his language that touches my soul. And read to him a line and rejoice in him for a year. He is without a doubt my idol. And the reason for my love for him is his young age and creativity that exceeds his life for many years. The ceiling of sufficiency was the novel that made me accept every letter he wrote. It was followed by two novels. Sophia and Purity Ring. I did not like it compared to his first novel, Suffice Cap. In this novel I felt that I really enjoyed it. I liked the depth in it. I liked the character of the hero. Cover design. And positions. And events and self-talk. And the hero&#39;s friendship for beaver. Waiting for the next novel eagerly
Beautiful, clear and very useful
Everything at the hotel is great. Reception, farewell, services and hygiene.
Exceptional. . Some of the workers at the restaurant treated worse than the pillow
Exceptional. The hotel is very comfortable and I lived on the tenth floor. It was very comfortable, the workers are more than excellent, and the cleanliness is daily for the room.
A beautiful and creamy book on its topics indicates how deeply and deeply the author&#39;s vision and deep belief in his idea .. Islam between East and West.. between materialism and abstract religion.. between Communism and Christianity..the author tries to root for the idea that Islam is the third way between two extremes as well as the human being is The unity of soul and body, Islam is the unity between. Religion and social system..or as Bigovic called it bipolar unity .. the book is divided into two parts: the first section looks at religion and it is the most enjoyable part for me due to its topics which are each subject of a book in itself, and this part is divided into :. Creation and development: The human being between a scientific view supported by a huge number of facts Darwin&#39;s man and a stable spiritual theory in the hearts of most people Michael Angelo person on the roof of the Sistine Church in the Vatican, and Begovich tries to highlight the limitations of the theory of evolution in the interpretation of some human behaviors such as moral tendency and sacrifice and the emergence of religiosity on He developed the history of human existence ... culture and civilization: culture is related to what is individual human like religion, art and philosophy, while civilization is related to society, civilization is the art of work and control and the manufacture of things is a delicate industry.. culture is an expression of human freedom and choice, while civilization is an expression of necessity And the shortage in our lives ... The phenomenon of art: I liked Begovich’s view of art, as we are a bit of what we see who has a strong Islamic direction and at the same time a literary and artistic acquaintance with this amount and supports art with this strength. Art for him is an expression of the humanistic intrinsic tendency of man, but that art, religion and morals A branch of one lineage..but why most of the religious do not have this view of art? Is it because Begovic was in an open European environment? Morality: morality is characterized by an unreasonable thing, the usual heroic action is not fruitful, so morality collides with the mind, so each of them belongs to a different world, so the physical view reduces morality to interest or pleasure and pain, so whatever causes pleasure is good and all that causes pain is evil, and whoever Here arose the idea of a common interest that is deification to the state where the common interest cannot be the interest of all human beings, it is always the interest of a specific, closed group that may be a political or national group or a class, this common interest may call for the exploitation or enslavement or even genocide of another group members Or another people .. Bigovich sees that brother Aqq without religion is not possible, there are atheists on creation, but there is no moral atheism, because atheism does not have the means to preserve or protect the moral principle itself if it is objectionable or suspicion .. Culture and History: Begovich observes that with the passage of history and therefore the human evolution of civilization there are values such as morals and art It is outside of time and out of date. In primitive African societies, foreigners enjoyed the same hospitality and rights of the local citizens while the foreigner in the countries of ancient Rome or the countries of the Greeks turned into a slave of theirs .. As well as art, there are regions lagging behind in the civilized sense where art is very advanced And p Q is true, and since the Stone Age until today we do not see any increase in the expressive power of art have been achieved through the development ... Drama and Tobia: Tobia is the ideal system, drama is an event that occurs in the human psyche while Tobia is an event that occurs in human society, freedom is the essence of the drama while order and symmetry are the two main elements in Tobia..topia mechanism is complete but it is inhuman, although the soldier in his camp is available to him all Its basic requirements, but most of us see that the camps with everything in them are the worst model for a society imaginable .. Then in the second section, Islam, bipolar unity, Begovich focuses on his basic idea that Islam is the third and most appropriate way of human nature and this part is divided into :. Moses, Jesus and Muhammad: Begovich tries to compare the philosophy upon which Judaism, Christianity and Islam were based, so materialism appears in Judaism clearly, but goes beyond this by saying that all material ideas have Jewish origins ... whereas in contrast to Christianity it brings a decisive ideal in its teachings .. And between them came Islam is a middle ground that treats man as a human being. God does not cost a soul except its power .. But I do not understand Begovich’s severe attack on Sufism and I don’t know. Should I reduce it to some practices of Dervish that made them withdraw from active life? Is this Sufism? I do not think so, so I find it unjust on this point ... Islam and religion: Inferring the five pillars of Islam as testimonies, prayer, zakat, fasting, and Hajj on the philosophy of Islam in bipolar unity in uniting what is spiritual and material in Islamic rituals .. This chapter also demonstrates that Islam He does not want to make us angels because this is impossible, but he tends to make a person human. For the wisdom of what angels prostrated to man is that this does not include the superiority of what is human over what is angelic ... The second is to protect society and be directed to Society..Islam is a third way between them and that appeared globally in what is known as the theory of relativity of punishment .. In this chapter it shows the result of starting from the principle of protecting society, this may lead us to a deficiency in the human rights of the individual, which is what appeared, for example, in the Stalinist cleansing procedures ... Ideas in Reality: In this chapter, Begovich monitors the changes that have occurred in Christianity as a result of facing life, such as transferring religion to the institution of ecclesiastical organization and the use of violence against blasphemers in religion, as happened during the era of the Inquisition, and Begovich differentiates between Christianity in the teachings of Christ the pure religion and its transformation into an ideology, church and organization, so the application came from They differed from the teachings ... as well as Marxism, which recognized principles from the French revolution such as human rights and citizenship. The strength of Marxism came from its lack of stability on materialism. The third way outside man: this separation is a view of England and the Anglo-Saxon experience as a middle path between the Catholic and materialist opposites ... and also A view of socialist democracy as another middle way and a modification of Marxism towards further emancipation .. Begovich considers this a victory for life and human reality over all ideologies that are limited to one side and this in itself is a victory for the Islamic concept .. But in this book I see N Begovic sees Islam form the theoretical I figured I wish to see his opinion in any of those who name the Islamists Are they already believe in what he believes in the same Begovic in all its aspects? Is if their application fails in reality, this is a failure of the entire Islamic theory? He also linked theory and practice in the book to Christianity and Marxism .. Certainly this is a huge work that deserves reading, reflection and thanks to its author.
Thus Dr. Al-Hamil opened his books: He stood with enthusiasm on that evening about his dreams of empowering the religion of God, and about his aspirations to see the law of God Almighty prevailing in the worlds. He wondered: Why do Muslims retreat from their position that God wanted for them? And why do they follow others? Why are they given the world of their religion? Why are they loyal to their enemies? And why ....? .... and why? ....? . He asked many questions in his eloquent lecture, and placed on his shoulders the duties of a large body .. And I dwell on analysis, theorizing and inferring ... Then in the morning I did not find him in the dawn prayer among the ranks of the worshipers .. So I said, perhaps there is an urgent circumstance or something urgent, and the next day I did not I found him again in the same prayer, so I was anxious about him, eager to know his news, and I was really afraid that he would have been hurt by something ... he searched for him until I found him, and I asked eagerly: What happened? . Perhaps the barrier is better .. I missed you in the dawn prayer .. He said to me in a simplicity that is not without vinegar: Excuse me, my brother .. God forgives me and you have difficult circumstances, my work is early, and I sleep late, and God is Forgiving, Merciful? . I felt boiling in my chest, tightness in myself, and a lump in Halakis .. I wanted to do something .. anything .. and that was the book. As if these words are mine, as if these arguments are my arguments. We ask God to have mercy on us that exceeds our negligence in past dawn prayers, and to bless us with the merits of the upcoming dawn prayers.
good. Delivery to the campus and quickly respond to requests. The brushes are old
Nice experience. Everything is excellent, there is a supermarket in the lobby and a coffee shop. We needed a baby crib, which was not available for much
A family hotel. Almost everything is perfect and totally suitable for families. I hope to add slippers for the bathroom, change the carpet for better and add more channels for the children
It is the function of literature, illumination of most human experiences in the dark .. I was amazed by the style of Rabi Jaber, close to magic realism in this novel, although in some passages I felt that it was written in another language and then translated into Arabic .. On the whole, I liked the novel&#39;s celebration of the human connection to the land and the blood of his brothers in The land regardless of religious and sectarian affiliations .. The Hanna / Solomon dualism is a profound projection whose significance becomes clear during the Hajj pilgrimage .. Rabie Jaber is better than furnished the narrative space, but the characters were not sharp and clear-cut .. Creativity honors poker.
The most beautiful thing I read is very excellent work
My journey with this book was really enjoyable. It brought me back to the atmosphere and grammar of the language I adore, in a very nice manner.
from my point of view. I see that the book contains important information. Especially for those with little experience in the field of relationships
I read in one session a smooth and expressive method that serves the idea presented by the writer with honesty and clarity of the novel.
Familial . The rooms are spacious and his family. Needs maintenance
Excellent. The location is nice, opposite to Khalifa tower. The rooms are clean. The hotel, Hadi, the one feels that it is in the country. The room that I booked was not available, and the receptionist sat us, giving us a suite at a price lower than required, and after arguing with him, we were waiting for an hour, so he could provide us with the required room
Numerous theories have been presented in this book on various social and psychological issues ... Dr. Ali Al Wardi, may God have mercy on him, singled out these important problems and social issues that many people took with a certainty of certainty ... One of the most prominent things that caught my attention in the book is what is called criticism The human mind, which sparked the uproar of its time in the cultural and scientific circles in which it insisted on the rosy over the limitations of the human mind and proved that the mind is only a defensive means for the survival of the human being, just as the elephant and the snake poison and the lion fangs etc. ... For me, the debate still exists between Rational and inductive in determining the task of reason I tend to one although I sometimes inclined to the opinion of Dr. Pink ... There are topics many put forward by Mrs. Mubarak social injustice, and social composition of the Iraqi people, and Albarasikologi physiognomy as a picture of social injustice as well as the image of women in rural and urban society in the modern history of Iraq ,,. Many rich topics and a beautiful and smooth style, as well as the question and the answer is one of the advantages of this book to simplify the idea and not to resort to narration in a boring and resonant way ... an interesting book that deserves to be read and discussed ..
Very, very good. Private hotel for families and the availability of a large supermarket, restaurants, an elegant business center, and Arab staff at the reception, which is more than wonderful, in addition to private parking and an oil station next to the hotel. nothing
This is a curative narration .... For every step Aisha had taken to the underworld to seek death ... she took the opposite direction for her to seek life ... despite the shock of the beginning :. I am Aisha, I will die after seven days, and until then I decided to write. Despite what you state: I am writing to be clear with me, alone with me, full of me. This writing does not heal, but rather kills. Death is good, and I want it with all my heart. With her ability to explore the depths of Aisha, Buthaina managed to make me part of her world, turn around in the orbit of her thoughts, ask the same questions, search for the causes of her collapse, and hate the beginnings that led to her end. Aisha addressed me ... she chatted with me while she was talking herself ... She led me in her worlds ... And she pulled me out of many of the darkness, contrary to what I expected ... My fears melted and faded. To know yourself to this degree, to know your options in life, and to accept the results, to go head-high in spite of the worm guilting your soul, to know all this means that weakness becomes a luxury, and that you can no longer be but a victim of yourself, that You know ... Yes, to know that all you have to do after knowledge is to browse, and I wonder: Is it possible to forgive without knowledge? I know, shall I forgive? Could I? Do i want? . Buthaina&#39;s creativity is understood only by someone who tried to be Aisha. Her philosophy of death ... her deep language, deep wound of Aisha ... her delicate sense ... her charismatic heartache and pain ... her criticism of many customs and traditions that shackle us, and marital problems that are based on imposing him in a traditional way without regard to the desire of women and equality between the two parties , And motherhood that passes on some people without awareness and preparation ... and employing the myth of Enana, which descends to the world of the dead ... and the accumulation of knowledge that the novel was celebrated as a result of Buthaina&#39;s effort and research ... all of this makes me forget the open end ... I may be able to imagine a clear end based on What Aisha went through, allowing her family to enter her world, and open mind A different paths in life other than the directions of the underworld.
Excellent however. The view is good and the room is comfortable and harmonious. The room is not fully sea view as in the restaurant prices are exaggerated there is no distinction in the treatment between hotel guests and visitors to cafes and not to allocate special places for guests
This is perhaps one of the most fascinating written and published novels in recent years. I think converting it to a movie will darken it a lot and as usual the movie will confuse the novel
The hotel is very good. The bed was comfortable and the breakfast was good Wi-Fi was excellent. The bathroom was small
One of the most beautiful things I have read, may God have mercy on you, Ghazi
good. . The elevators are few
A wonderful trip. Everything is great and luxurious .. Airport reception in Cadillac cars .. Reception in the royal council .. Everything is prepared in advance, and the service is amazing. Children love Aquaventure services. There is no
A weird trip from the airport to the airport is really a great experience
Honest ... and this is something I do not encounter much
Omar Taher&#39;s style is wonderful and delicious. A distinguished writer who integrates you with his writings, so she can demobilize them and put you in a strange psychological state
This novel enters the world of the hero. It makes you swing with him in his hallucinations between exaggerated hope. Justified despair. The hunger hallucinations..and moments of disappointment ... amazing details in its depth ..
In a resort in Hurghada one day during our stay in this beautiful product, we found a lot of tourists gathered around something on the beach but it was too far to be able to notice, but when I got close I saw a large sea jurisprudence lying on the beach, and it was very pleasant to see a sea animal with this The size is alive, but when I asked rescuers what this animal was, he said it was a mermaid everyone was shouting, we could not believe our eyes that this was a real mermaid with a lake. I never imagined that this is the shape of a mermaid that we know is half a girl and half a fish. I never thought that I would be able to see a live mermaid, as such things happen once in a person’s life, despite our feelings of regret about her condition on the beach. Few of the authorities pulled them out of the water and transferred them to specialized laboratories to see what was behind this accident, but the fairy seemed normal, meaning that she was not attacked or bitten by a shark or the like. The authorities said that he would complete their placement in the Hurghada National Maritime Museum. I want to tell people that I was fortunate to stay at this hotel to see a live mermaid, and I will always return to see what this wonderful creature holds for us next time.
Very beautiful . The location is beautiful and the services are excellent.
Oh, a novel that I read with all my senses, and it reached me as crying, I lived it, and I loved it with all its details. It is the first novel I like, the end of which is among the dozen that I have read .. a sigh
good. The hotel is clean and the staff are nice. There is maintenance on the street that annoys me even though I was on the floor
A small yet wonderful book in every sense of the word is full of deep philosophical thoughts from the great poet Gibran Khalil Gibran. These thoughts are not combined by a single structure such as poems, but they are nonetheless. It calls for reflection and reflection, I recommend reading it
Clicks of antelope ..... to my body peg a tent crucified in the open. Who&#39;s the boy? Does that question still matter in our lives? Or are we now saying here I am and are the Bedouins really the origin of civilization? Are there still people living on their past without looking at the reality in which they live and the changes that are happening around them? Will the daughter marry her cousin even if her rib is broken? ... These are some of the questions expressed by the writer Miral Al-Tahawi in her novel The Clicks of Antelope in which Miral Al-Tahawi asserted that she has her own project and her own vision of the Bedouin community, that society from which she descended and was more than others Expressing it accurately as Mahfouz exactly expressed his world from which he came and is the warm .. And because we, as children, attended and do not know about Bedouin society except those scenes that are transmitted to us by television stations or some hadiths from people who went to the desert and knew a little about it, the clicks of antelope came to us with all the details of this The community near us is far and far Na Fikra, Miral El-Tahawi tried ... and indeed succeeded in her novel The Flicks of Antelope, by relying on the detailed narration and organized transmission of events to transfer the Bedouin community in all its aspects, I started from talking about horses through the characters of the novel and who notice throughout the novel that they are people living on the past Adhering to it, they talk about the crooked, a small mare born to a horse from the horses of Al-Numan bin Al-Mundhir, until they were photographed for flesh on Thursday ... Anshirah that does not leave the Canon Chamber on Thursday night where they are embraced by the smell of fire and ready water and the sound of the pump and the suspension of refills on the branches of the mulberry tree and sitting on straw to comb the hair Then take As for the story of the Bedouin’s present and how they live and the problems they are exposed to now, they are forgotten in a country in which forgetfulness abounds, and because the novel has much about their problems and suffering, you will undoubtedly remember Massaad Abu Fajr and his arrest because of the defense of the Sinai Bedouins .. The Bedouin people still insist on marrying the girl to her cousin and consider that Her body is naked, so Miral says on the lips of one of the characters of the novel: The daughter of her cousin, even if her eye is removed, and she built the Arabs like the camel, the voluntary one, she is attached to her, she is blessed, and she is going to walk, even if some of the Bedouin girls tried to distance themselves from society now especially the educated ones and this appears in Hind’s suffering and criticism for this Society th He still lives on the ruins, and one of the characters of the novel and he is the peaceful Shafi’i who only remembers his ancient past in which he accompanied the princes and their highnesses in their hunting trips. He asserts in his words that Bedouins are always the origin of civilization so that he wants to create a newspaper whose slogan is that name despite his rejection of independence. Your family walked, even if your appearance was broken .. The novel has a third dimension, so even if Tahawy cares a lot about the world of nomadism, which we find very clear in all her writings, we can drop what happens in the world of antelope clicks on all of Egypt to discover the loss of the Pharaonic civilization due to lack of interest in it as lost equestrian in Antelope clicks, loss of asia There is another that we all know, which is what we see in all the episodes of the novel, which deepens the sense of loss and identity loss .. Only you will make sure of the novel that writing in Miral does not only represent a bridge between different cultures, and it is the only solution not only to improve the image of the Middle East and Muslim women, but rather to cross many Among the rough areas between cultures, and changing the stereotypical perception in the West for Arabs and Muslims .. Mustafa Shehata. the Constitution
See you rest and calm. Sea view villas are cleanliness of the place, cleanliness of the sea and tranquility. Breakfast and dinner is not good, villa furniture is very old and the place needs improvement.
One of the best hotels. . A very clean hotel. Suitable for families .. I didn&#39;t like the night club.
The second part is much better than the first part, the narration style has improved a lot, so waiting for the next part
more than great . The calm. The bedrooms are a little uncomfortable because of the lighting, if the lighting can be isolated, it became very wonderful
I was thinking, as I was reading the book of the Antichrist by Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud, that I was reading a purely religious book:. But, in fact, I got separated by Mahsalash&#39;s laugh before this: Dr. Mustafa and his method of memorizing him in the stories after we disregarded that he entered Jamal Abdel Nasser the fire and I am convinced with all his reasons, but I still hold the love of Abdel Nasser and discuss it with Naguib Mahfouz, Abdel Halim, Umm Kulthum and Munira Mahdia, they enter Paradise and no fire. The Antichrist dialogue with the devil and with the great owner of the angels of hell and the devil, by saying that he is an intellect who retires from the profession of people who see him and that his demons committed suicide because of the thinking of the people who overcame them and the amount of elf that Ali Panamarov was a member of the Central Committee of the Soviet Union:. And Ali Majnoon at night, who will return to his mind with the first punch in the bed from his dear nights, and she says to him: Your son has diarrhea and your daughter is vomiting all night, and I have breathed the spirit of seeing your mother. He sits at the door of the tent to sing a poem in which the moon and trees are cursed, and a life like cow&#39;s life. No one was safe from him when he said, and this is the benefit of studying in practical colleges on the authority of a doctor who does not waste his time in erecting women. We turn to another chapter that mocks the ridicule of years of a wife holding a doctorate, saying Ali Sanan, the hero of his story, the world of corn. I am now looking for a horseradish seller or watercress seller. I announce publicly that I am a very reactionary and primitive man, and about the era of Mrs. Thatcher, in which I was born, unfortunately I see that the era of the man is over. We are in need of personal status laws that will save us and protect us from the tyranny of Dr. Shahira Sorour, the heroine of the story, a master’s degree in voices and a doctorate in the choir from Paris .. Yasada Ikram, we have become my neighborhood this age. One of the most beautiful books I read for Dr. Mustafa I enjoyed was a fancy brain:
And you have to stay away from me, how tired you are, the less you are Ahlam always has her writing touch me. Wonderful as usual
One of the coolest novels I&#39;ve read ... deserves poker so well. It made me look at things from an angle other than the one I was looking at. A novel that dives into the depths ... and brings you to other worlds that you forget yourself with. Beautiful and elaborate work
I loved every word and all the feelings that these texts carry ... nostalgia, pain, pain, patriotism, love, separation, even absence despite its cruelty embodied in its words and prayers ... its words influenced it in refinement and pure ... This book was the first to Read to Nibal Beaver. I wish her all the best:. Dreams remain close to you after they are fulfilled
I cannot summarize or criticize the novel in a few lines .. It is like a gilded dagger that fascinates us at the beginning with the way of life in the Palestinian village and their reverence for horses. . .. The chapters of the novel were wonderful as a cloud flying in the world of gallantry and originality ... Then the dagger comes out of its sheath and the journey of stabs begins with facts and events that weigh the soul and bleeding the heart. . The magnificence of describing the horses made me want me to have a horse, and the protagonist, Khaled Hajj Mahmoud, reminded me a lot of Zahir Omar Al-Zaidani, the hero of Qandil, the King of Galilee. . .. In my opinion, Nasrallah is a unique pen and his stories are not to be missed
Among the narratives that leave their mark on the soul .. Describes in a grim and gloomy way that transforms man into a mere human machine and tells of human struggle in order to remain a human being and preserve his memory and identity in a totalitarian state that prevents him from that .. Critics describe it as a rare piece and I really see it as such
My address in Rome is a charming hotel and amazing view from the restaurant overlooking the city of Rome Breakfast is expensive but the view is beautiful .. You will feel at home; the bathroom and amenities are nice Fruits are very welcome in warm Rome..Great team
If he said .. then believe it. What it means is that the Messenger has been told and said. Then everything is possible and honest ... May God be pleased with him and satisfy him and reward him for our nation the best reward:. Our Lord bless us with a hair of his faith and steadfastness:. Among the books that made me feel and teared:
The first novel I read is because I do not like to read novels, at first I expected his words to be true, as it is a true story, especially as the author is an archaeologist. But as the story continues, it turns out to be a fictional novel. I liked the conflict within it, the same Heba, as well as the amount of information that clarified the nature of that time .. But I hated obscenity in some parts.
The novel is very interesting from the beginning of the cover, which made me complete it for a real period. It actually reflects the narration and the personality of Abdul Hay. To another line in it ..... a strange and new idea based on a medical theory, but it is hard enough during this part of the novel that the reality of the Egyptian society will be blown away. Female circumcision, ignorance, poverty, power of the authorities, sectarian sedition, the life of expatriates without feeling that you will come to meet the events in order In sequence. Simple style, I liked it, too, the merger between el-Fushehi and colloquial. Another added sarcastic factor will make you laugh amid depression and sadness. Other than the amount of projections that you feel that every hero in the novel is a philosopher or a minimum of the world, I took it and led to the rest of the rest, I understand the world and I understand what is going on in it capable of your hands lessons learned about it and its worth ..... I am not able to describe the psychological state in which you were sad and depressed from our Egyptian reality There is a place in which we will live, in which everything needs to happen in the country, as if it were a play ... There is no personal fanatic who loves the novel from the first, late, tolerant and joyful school headmaster, the situation of every Egyptian citizen and his three young university students The strangest thing is that, unfortunately, you will not know that you are inclined to a certain personality. You will see that each character is true, but if you look from her point of view. I mean, the deceased was correct and allowed her to accept her right. It is a real innovation from the writer that it keeps you neutral and you see that every one of them is correct. I think that the novel is in need, and I read it again, because in brief lines it has some logical explanations, and this is the reason for the missing point, but it is not so, so it is a wonderful narration .....
I accomplished it, but I will postpone the review for another time because I will try to write about this story, a simple and easy article
Great research ... answers many questions objectively, taking into account the title of the people and the sanctity of principles. But with his substantive answers, he raises more questions. The writer focused a lot on the topic of major sedition and quickly passed over the country of the Umayyad dynasty ... which I was waiting for more details on that important era in the history of Muslims
I love Dr. Ahmed when he talks about the
When I finished the book, I felt that I had invited a dear friend who was by my side and supported me. This book is like a prescription and is a mindfulness revolution for my opinion of women. Dreams here are like a godmother whose words, advice, even cynicism and cynicism contain me on female stupidity, and I have signed the female charter of honor that came in writing with all conviction
Excellent . thank you. everything
I feel as if this book is written nowadays ..... my heart ache from the facts that we know well. Arab Islam = zero
Guo liked her weakness
Where did grief come from with all this strong force that enabled it to blow their motherhood with their lives? She gave herself the right to confiscate their dreams ... order and end ... disband and forbid ... prevent and grant. Buthaina is a private writer. She has a different pen that makes her the best writer I read for her.
good. Excellent location. The rooms are old and have to be refurbished
Excellent. The comfort of the room is the treatment of the hotel staff, very fine, and the breakfast buffet is the coffee shop located in the hotel lounges in the hotel. Internet in the rooms is a bit slow, the bathroom has no bidet
Memorable days . What I liked most about there is calm, so is arrangement, and safety. What annoys me most is that restaurants are closed early, as there is no restaurant open, even if possible, at least until one o&#39;clock after midnight.
It was an experiment in which to write because the educated prisoners are not like any prisoners, poets and literary writers are the best people who can draw and write details to communicate them to the reader in the best and most profound way .. Ayman Al-Atoum describes in this book his personal experience in the prison and behind bars that lasted for a year, Which he described as a bitter but rich experience. When the writer retrieves the details of such events, he restores the feeling of pain and bitterness, but rather lives it again after all those years, it drains his feelings and restores the sunken wound hernia, provokes the wounds and the pain returns, and it is enough to feel the profession and injustice about every other feeling and what it has in the soul and the effects it cannot She wiped out .. I often used to say if one year in prison made him write a book whose chapters contained bitterness, pain and misery, what do we think of those who have been imprisoned for many years, what would have been written and what would have been written for us from the scourges ... and what about who his letters were his weapon, yes Letters are the most dangerous weapon, because they remain what God wills them to remain, And because thoughts and opinions cannot end, their luster may diminish for an eternity of time, but they will come back at another time and strongly, and when they are written, eternity will be written for them, to find those who embrace them, because what is written and what is written can never die, and if punished for them he becomes more persistent and adhered to them, As for the murderer, thief, drug abusers, assault, immoral cases and other crimes whose end is coupled with the death of its owner, it will be punished and will end in the same person with his death ... that a person who has principles and be treated like unjust criminals should be imprisoned, so what about a poet and an experienced writer who adheres to the words, then a writer who does not twist came to tell His experience behind bars and hateful brutality Inhumanity, then the jailer does not have to secure this person’s side after dosing him from pain and humiliation of colors, because the writer does not forget and is deprived of paper and pen, because the events are rooted in his mind and his heart, and he is ready to make his substitution no matter how long or short this is what I touched here Specifically ... that the events of the prison live a year and write his book Sunnah with all the details, so that the edition can come out and see the light ... .. .. I cannot deny the boredom that started to creep in its beginning, due to the detail in detail of the details, but Ayman Al-Atoom has proven with the merit of his strength in Language, I do not know what to describe the beauty of its style and its splendor, and the fact that I am unable to do so and words do not help me ... .. .. about the events of the novel E ... in prison, people vary and differ even in their ranks as in life outside it, they are levels and each of them has a different issue but they share the same place, everyone sees himself oppressed from his point of view, at least, they share one thing which is the yearning for stolen freedom, and nothing more The harshness of deprivation of liberty behind prison bars ... It was not known exactly why he was imprisoned except that he wrote poetry, and his content was not for peace and normalization with the Jews and so was arrested on purely political charges ... and because of the saying of the truth he was unlawfully arrested to move in three prisons over a year, He sat in one of these prisons, marginalized and surrounded by all kinds of criminals and their malice, a prison like a swamp filled with all kinds of Terrible, terrible, where humiliation, insult and intimidation, resisted a mixture of fear, bitterness, humiliation, and contemptuous looks. He tried to preserve his humanity in a world full of inhumanity and professionalism to extract, life in it was bleak and the situation is very difficult .. As for in another prison he gathered with those of his class where Their cases are similar, most of them are intellectuals, undergraduates and engineers, so their issues are not like those of others stealing, killing and drugs ... so familiarize themselves with them, and the convergence of ideas and style of dialogue creates an atmosphere of harmony and harmony, expanded the space of acceptance of others, and some security personnel respected them, because of their style of dialogue and logic, and considered these Companionship combined, small, and free PBUH should learn the alphabet of life in prison, but the police practiced a wide range of restrictions against them, and they were fed up with it .. Other than this, life was typical, walking at the same pace, but the prisoners did not keep tightening the noose around them whenever they found a way to that, and they were met with abuse. What they found, all of this was killing the soul and bleeding the heart, while the jailers treated them as merely a set of arbitrary numbers of no value and not as human beings with feelings and an entity that made him feel despised and humiliated accompanied by a feeling of humiliation, behind a cage with iron fences and steel bars who played their game Prisoners, whether guilty or l If they are guilty, they exercise their right to the authority delegated to them as a tool for healing in order to remove the beast crouching in their souls, and they shall be brutalized and forced without accountability or control, and there is no room for respect in them in all cases. In any case, they possessed their bodies but they could not possess their souls or minds and prevent them from imagination and thinking, Hence, he used to fill part of his time with the fantasies he unleashed and persevere in, hoping for relief, and another part in meditating and listening to the dialogues. After making available a set of books, he used the reading that saved him from falling into the abyss after he stood on the edge of the cliff and became his outlet. The only one in that atmosphere is yours Depression and frustration ... In the unit, ideas were often conflicting and questions in the form of storms thrown in every direction, waiting for the unknown, but his imagination was helping him endure the darkest conditions, hundreds of questions raided him, and dozens of them wrestled around him, none of them found a satisfactory answer, drawing Forests from the anticipation of the unknown and apprehension from the following, but there is always a ray of hope that can be guided in the darkness of despair, and difficult situations that would make a person stronger, for they either break it or make it more solid and man is free .. In any case, it has worlds of The human experience and pages of the juices of thought ... ...
Abdullah, on the authority of the character, says: How does this madman write? . I say the same about him. Language is mighty .. As for the story, it is very simple, almost non-existent. This book is for language enjoyment only
As a reader, you are always required to receive a letter from the work you are reading. The letter de represents your elegance and highness on the direct meaning of the written. Certainly, you are not required to limit your work to a pornographic scene from your point of view, or an extreme act of one of his characters. You are required to transcend even what the creator writes. This idea is from the way you look at it to the wonderful wonderful Aswani, Chicago, that you respect the theory of alienation and its strange act in the human psyche and the change it brings in the souls of expatriates. Required to estimate the depth of focus in da .. What some see as extreme in describing Aswany in his explanation of some practices of the characters of the novel, some see me as necessary to complete the creativity and depth desired from the work. Because the practices in this picture were necessary to understand the psychological dimensions of the work personality. We commend the courage of Al-Aswany in portraying the political leadership of the country while writing the work and his wonderful explanation of the dirty security dealings with the citizens. Overall, in my view, an excellent work that is excellently recorded in the memory of the Arabic novel
You are mine You are just me I read more than three quarters of them and my heart is torn because I thought it would be a sad end but it was one of the most beautiful ends. Unfortunately, I felt that there were some parts that were not necessary, and it was possible to summarize the novel further. But I very much thank Dr. Mona Al-Morshoud for this masterpiece
Yep especially. Lemon juice. And it goes away even though it is sour because I have a nice burger. . ::. I don&#39;t like. Burger. Chicken .. and potatoes sometimes answer cold
.. A beautiful, bold narration with a slight blood, as usual, Ibrahim Essa. The genius of Ibrahim Essa, in that he can use words in describing personalities, the psychological state, and the atmosphere of the novel. Leah, and more importantly, the unknown hero of the story, who is good and in the end to whom Hatem lived his longevity.
Tasty food. Breakfast. nothing
Wonderful. Its site is very beautiful, and it deserves its price and the net for free.
Shi penetrates the soul. It makes me want to live in a poem in Ain Shair. Balanced clouds and butterflies
I recommend you at the Hyatt Regency only. The hotel is more than wonderful, sophisticated in all respects, cleanliness and good handling of reception staff and speed in completing the reservation. I advise you about the life of the regency ...
very good. . The reception of the Egyptian receptionist was very bad
Good trip that I did not expect this way. I like the marina view. There is no comprehensive breakfast
An interesting, varied and exciting horror episode, and what caught my attention the last episode when he was raised, Rifaat Ismail, .... evaluated, completed, as usual, the last preparation /
Mohammad Esmat
. About love and horror. . Dr.. Ahmed Khaled Tawfik ::. The style of the godfather can be discovered even if the author of the article is not mentioned .. He created for himself a single world, and an exclusive style known to everyone who follows his writings and novels .. For this, I admit that during my reading of the article, I did not focus on the content as much as my focus on the distinctive method used .. I will admit something simple that I had during reading: Perhaps it is not desirable to write an article about love, so publishing a story that carries love is better than publishing an article that he writes about, because love is a condition that the reader may have while reading it, because the characters cannot be stripped of the amount of feelings and feelings, and made Subject to fairly objective thematic controls .... Those things are .. Dr. Tamer Ibrahim ::. Wow, that&#39;s just what I can tell, a beloved short story, horrific ... and perhaps, bitter ... that makes me stress my previous idea of the article&#39;s relationship to love. Simple style, in which the writer drafted lines full of love ... and those things. . On the Love and Abundant Envy .. Muhammad Fathi ::. What is that ? .. The article ended and I did not understand anything. First of all, the lot of metaphors and metaphors that lead to disorientation, even if it focuses on the main issue. Then ... the stories and strange events that I didn&#39;t understand anything from her also overlapped. Then ... a final word summarizing all of the above, without the intervention, Ibn Zaidoun. The important thing ... It was possible to formulate the clear subject from the title that it is jealousy .. in a better and clearer way. . Devils also .. love .. Muhammad Sami ::. Distinguished stories .. and very valuable information .. I liked this paragraph despite its length compared to the rest, but the main issue, even though it departed from love as a main focus and focused on espionage, was that it was distinctive. If you evaluate each story separately, the result will be ::. Khamis Bayoumi, the dangerous Lebanese :: It is OK Ezra Khuzam Temple Wrecker :: Good /. Abraham Moshe the :: /. Leader :: /. . Breaking the Blade of Love ... Eng. Rashid Dakhil ::. A fairly good article, even if I see an affirmation of the difficulty of stripping love from its feelings and summarizing it in an article dominated by the scientific nature, complex information, and also ... metaphysics that is difficult to link to love despite the author&#39;s answer to the last question :: what entered love in the science behind Nature, which was a superficial answer lacks persuasion ... Perhaps if this topic was brought up by Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq would have been better. . Who will attend the authorized .. Dr. Tamer Ahmed ::. Haha .. After a long journey in the previous pages of the book .. I liked the light and cute rest that I found in this part. It was indeed clever from the publisher to have such an article be presented in this exact area of the book .... My love ... Dr. Nabil Farouk ::. Conclusion it caught. I liked the last article .. and I liked its content, light words on the heart, which delights the stages of love, its colors and shapes ... Each of us will find himself in part of this article .. He will give in to that hidden connection with his reality of the past near or far .. to find himself saying without hesitation :: You are right. The same happened to me one day
A collection of cute short stories calling for urging wise patience. I read the Arabic version
Omar Taher is a beautiful person .... a really beautiful need to read what looks like a history of his biography through the songs window ... his youth thoughts and boy&#39;s adventures .... impressions that leave you with joy and longing for a beautiful past if you were born in the seventies and eighties like me .... Omar Taher&#39;s ideas in this book consistently confirm that the nostalgia and nostalgia for the past have completely dominated our generation .... and made reality and the present more difficult ... and made something like nothing but room to talk about the future .... This is most needed in the book. It caught me talking about his car and his great attachment to it .... and it is about trying something if you know great. Very happy that my first experience with Omar Taher was this book
Good book, may God benefit many young people, Lord Amen
Exceptional. Everything in the hotel is very beautiful and amazing. There is a smell in the pillows of the sleeping bed
Does not need . everything. nothing
Exceptional. The reception staff are friendly and they did not come together, especially Noor and Muhammad.
Many of my friends ... many of my relationships. And in my hands when I want thousands of options. But what puzzles me. Why are you the same? I love you
Great book, I think that&#39;s the least I can say for now. I need a second reading
The most beautiful description of the novel. She reads the English spring novel, Jaber Yusef, for pure pleasure. It is an interesting and sad story told by my storytellers by nature. . It is also read as a study of the intricate social character of the Druze Mountains and its historical inhabitants of Druze and others. . Kamal Al-Salibi Middle Eastern Studios
Get to know writing on the edge of two worlds
Your relationship to things depends on your understanding of it ... Ismail Fahd Ismail. There are no tyrants as there are no slaves ... Jose Rizal. Anyone who cannot look behind him, any place he came from, will never reach his destination .... Jose Rizal. If you encounter a man with more than one personality, know that he is looking for himself in one of them because he is without a personality. Tragic scenes engrave their inscriptions on memory walls, while happiness paints their pictures in bright colors. It is raining clouds of time ... it rains on the walls ... it takes colors with it ... and it keeps the inscriptions for us. In my mother’s country I used to have only a family, in my father’s country I owned everything but a family. We, the women, must understand the man’s temper and find justifications for his actions, and on that we deal with his mistakes and tolerate, for nothing but preserving what is more important than him. Sadness is an invisible, colorless material that someone secretes from which it travels to every place around it that sees its effect on everything it touches and does not see. How wonderful some seashells appear suddenly in a one-way road leading to the unknown. . It is not painful for a person to have a low price, but rather a painful, all the pain, for a person to have a price. . Each of us has our own religion. We take from religions what we believe in, ignore what our minds don&#39;t realize, or, pretend by faith, and practice rituals that we do not understand, for fear of losing something we try to believe in. .
His articles are interesting, especially at the beginning of the book, and I felt bored when reading a few articles. Talking about books and books, and about reading is interesting and encouraging. I like his strong belief in the art of the novel and I agree with him to some extent and find positive effects in my personality. The chapter in which he spoke about his books I did not complete because I did not read his novels, and this is his first reading, but I liked the great effort he made when writing his books.
Nice . Somewhat. The price of the breakfast is overrated
good. Everything is beautiful in the hotel. The internet is fast, the cleanliness is sweet, and the services are fast, next to the markets, groceries, and many shops, and it is very close to the metro. The building underneath opens a supermarket and two workers. The whole building is shaken. We can sleep. By God, for a month, so that it will go away.
Generally good. Internet is good in the fourth floor, but not excellent. Weak insulators for rooms delay in meeting guest&#39;s desire to ignore guest calls to reception
Youssef Aad: I think that I burned this third novel, which I still haven&#39;t downloaded and we do not know about it. My guess is this: I am diligently waiting for the third part of the novel with impatience:. I salute the writer for his mastery of writing novels with this ingenuity. Those who let us live experience the events of the story we were really in it. Hassan El-Gendy is the most famous novelist in the field of horror stories. I very much hope that your name will become famous in literary fields quickly
I loved the book very much ... and I liked his ideas more than the red writer because it is not a goal to sign a bride, but not how the relationship continues and how he understands the female who came before him and deals with it
Saudi Arabia Qassim his mail. . What I did not like was not notifying the hotel reservation about the reservation amendment, which caused me to be late for more than an hour at the reception for me and my family. I did not receive an apology from them
The harshest wound is when it is home ... a novel that really hurt me with all its details that Ibrahim Nasrallah succeeded in producing in this way that is more than wonderful ..... a novel that if I uttered its letters would be cried ... and oh oh homeland. My father, may God have mercy on him, was always saying: No one can win forever. Never has a nation been victorious forever. And I was always thinking about what he said. But today I feel that something else can also be said, and that I am not afraid to win once and defeat once, or to win once and be defeated once. I fear one thing, that we will be broken forever, because the one who breaks forever cannot rise again. Tell them: Be careful not to be defeated forever. . I am not here to win. I am here to protect my right. Who can solve the equation of all its terminals? The Palestinian peasants, their leadership in the cities and their leaders in the countryside, the poverty that is there in the villages and the wealth that is here in the cities. European industrial superiority that the Jews carried with them, and backwardness in everything that the Turks left to the people of this country .. Who can solve the equation of the chaos of dozens of parties here and the confusion of their goals, conflicts and endless struggles. And the accuracy of organizing the Jewish organizations that aim at one and only goal: the occupation of Palestine and the expulsion of its people from it? Who can solve the equation of its sides: We, the Arabs, the British, and the Jews?
Exceptional. Car service in barracks. Who did not like the value of the car barking for a car a day, if it was less, it would have been better
What. Build. a
Religion is what an individual truly believes in, and what controls his or her thought and being. He directs him towards what he does in life, what he lives for for years of his life, and he may perish in order to reach it, so a painstaking man seeks to achieve a goal that he does not see in the universe as anything but the very essence of religion. His eyesight remains peerless, his heart is suspended, and his steps do not deviate from whatever sins or dangers he has with them, and during his journey he abandoned any principles, or even destroyed others .. Or perhaps the individual forgot his original religion, what he inherited or grew up on, not what he practiced on the ground, As long as he takes his confident steps towards holding his dream, his goal, the foundation of his existence
How fast would it take for something like this to happen? For a person to be impoverished and fall into the gutter How long would the props, which seemed solid, in someone&#39;s life need to be crumbled and plunged?
I liked very much the analysis and criticism of Dr. Salah Fadl about the Barman novel when he described Ashmawi as a skilled Japanese like that amazes his fans while he is making with great precision. The characters of the novel are sculpted with meticulous accuracy and high literality from the reality of life, even if no one meets it in reality, but it is flesh and blood. She sympathized with Marlowe to the point of crying and felt that the writer meant Egypt. The novel deserves worthy stars
Excerpts from George Uriel&#39;s Animal Book Farm. . He understands that God has guided him by the tail in order to flatten flies with him from himself, but was it not better for him to create it without a tail and have mercy on him from the unfairness of all flies? . After the animals were resentful because of the pig&#39;s monopoly on the milk and the apples, the pig leader came out to them to address them, saying: Comrades, I have forbid you to think that the measure of this measure is an effect, because many pigs do not tolerate the taste of milk and apples, and I am personally from this group but we are forced to do so. The real purpose behind this decision is to save our share of the pigs according to the medical principles that necessitate the provision of such meals to keep our mental energy so that we can continue our work in the organization, administration, and tasks entrusted to us and which the farm depends on, as you see, comrades: for you we drink We are Milk and eat apples do not know what can happen to you if the pigs failed in administrative tasks?. . Comrades, do not imagine that the burden of leadership is easy or easy, or that it is a source of happiness that Comrade Napoleon is the first to believe that all animals are equal and he would like to leave her the freedom to make decisions, but he fears that she will have to take wrong solutions. Think how it will be If you followed his political rivalry and his misguided dreams? And it is, as you know, no more than a criminal, and one of them boycotted that this rival had done well in the battle of the corral of cows in defense of the animal farm, and he replied that courage alone does not mean anything, other qualities such as sincerity and obedience are more important, but regarding the battle that I have spoken of, The time when you know that a lot of exaggeration has woven into the imagination about the role of that political rival. . The regime, comrades, but the iron system is our support. Our enemies lie in wait for us, and at the first pride on our part, they will apply to us, comrades. Do you accept the return of the occupied occupier again? . And when the rebellious pig who overthrew his opponent wanted to complete a project from whom he overthrew and whoever overthrew his rival, his aides came out by saying: In fact, the comrade was not at all opposed to the project, but that the opposite is true and that the idea of establishing the project was from his inspiration as it was broadcast, his fees were It was stolen from among its leaves and that the project from its beginning to its end is in fact one of its innovations, and one of the animals asked: If this is the case, then what were all those opposition to the project and the coup? He replied: You do not yet know, comrades, how simple the leader is, but he was making such an opposition to get rid of his rivals, his bad influence and his indecent morals that what our leader has done now is what is called tactic maneuvers. . Suddenly, the solitary pig announced that it was necessary to work in the afternoon of Sundays as well, as a matter of volunteering and free choice. However, animals that do not want to volunteer will be provided with only half of their regular meals. . Comrades, do you not imagine the extent of our huge achievement? Did our enemies not occupy our lands on which we stand now, then we recovered them piece by piece thanks to the wise leadership of Comrade Commander? Here was interrupted by one of the questions: Which victory? All there is to it is that we have recovered secondly what we had before and he replied: This is the victory shown. . When the Leading Pig met the enemies of yesterday’s people, he said to them: As a contribution from me to support trust, I will work to introduce new amendments to the work system on the farm as a whole. I have noticed that a long time ago, it was common for animals. I do not know the reason for them lies in directing each other to the word of a companion And I decided to stop using this word at all. . Suddenly, the animals heard from afar a sharp argument, so they rushed to seek news about the windows, so if there is a heated debate about the table of play and sugar, shouting and hand gestures at the table, and the men and pigs exchange accusations and the suspicions emanated from their eyes, some of them make accusations, and some of them deny them. With nervousness, it became clear that the cause of discord was that the animal leader and the leader or leader of humans was living in play, and he threw each of them on the same card one after the other, and the tones of anger from the two societies rose and their tones resembled and formed their owners, so the animals no longer realize where the pigs are and where the men are outside The waste was th The miserable oppressor moves with her eyesight from the pig, its tyrant ruler to the man who leads the enemies, from the man to the pig, and from the pig to the man again.
I want a copy of the book, please
good. Quiet location of the hotel and provides services from a grocery and coffee shop around the hotel. Staff cooperation. The apartment yard is a fast net and an excellent breakfast buffet. The furnished space in the apartment is very small, not even for prayers. Despite the speed of the internet, but to enter the username and password requires a long time and several attempts. Although I received a Qinus proposal for late check-out and hotel approval, the hotel management apologized in the last hour, under the pretext of pressuring demand for apartments.
Exceptional. Beautiful and clean hotel I would recommend.
Directory of authoritarian governments in dealing with peoples. Speak if you want about oppression or humiliation and shame, talk about the big brother who is watching all of us, about enslavement in the time of freedom, about the falsification of minds, the falsification of history, the pleasure of ignorance ... they will not revolt until they become conscious, and they will not be conscious until after they revolt. I understand what but do not realize how. Loyalty means a lack of thinking, but rather a need to think. Loyalty is a lack of awareness. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is power. War is peace. =. And sometimes or or. Glory is all to Glory to George Orwell and his great narration is a shockingly pessimistic narrative that makes you rethink many aspects of your life and asks why you haven&#39;t read it since the day you were born to be your guide to understanding the nature of tyranny. But beware, the older brother is watching you
Geniuses are crazy
I enjoyed reading the Auto Club by writer Alaa Al-Aswanese, and the writer managed to transport me to the 1950s. Alaa Al-Aswany is a writer with an interesting storytelling that makes the reader continue reading until he finishes the book.
good. The location is excellent and the price is excellent. The receptionist is respectable. The bed is uncomfortable for a smoke odor in the room
I recommend you at the hotel. The hotel is beautiful and quiet and, God willing, I will visit again with Madame.
The book is one of the most important books in studying the thought of Malik bin Nabi. The translation is excellent
One of the best fiction works that monitors the story of the Assassin Assassin Ismaili community ... that group led by Al-Hassan bin Al-Sabah, who made them a suicidal army with distinction and possessed the minds of his supporters and followers until he claimed prophethood and reached a position that exceeds the status of the Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him. His supporters only complete ratification. ... the novel also monitors the ways in which the minds of followers in these armed groups and their use of methods of intimidation, intimidation and brainwashing to ensure total loyalty to the alleged cases adopted by these groups ... Extreme ... And for those interested in this group, they can read more books about it in order to know it more clearly. As for the youth of electronic games, I advise you to the first part of the famous series of games. . It mainly depends on that group and its terrorist operations.
A thin novel .. too much
Women’s mysteries by writer Mona Yassin and a new reading for him between simplicity and depth .. In a language that combines classical and colloquial and according to what is insisting on the writer’s mind while writing, you write and do not look at criticism or anything else or philosophy from some as it is a book outside the line of caution or falling into So you have the philosophy that is necessary in addition to the necessity .. An automatic book that came out from the heart to reach the heart simply the book, women’s hidden and I do not find another title more appropriate than that of the treasures of the woman who opened to her death expresses the most accurate and accurate details that arouse the wrath of the woman from the woman here in the general form for her as she is The mother, the wife, the beloved, and the sister are all those characters inside the book Attitudes that denote the selfishness of a man such as a mobile phone and his lack of contact or even asking about it, these things may appear to the reader as very, very normal things, but for women everything is the entity of the woman himself. I see in the book this line that the woman is looking for from During the reading, you may hate the man, and you may hate waiting for the man to arrive at it, and I claim that this was what the author intended to convey to the reader this feeling through the texts of the book .. I enjoyed the book very simply and without simplicity or any other accounts
good. The location is excellent and the sea view from the rooms overlooking is great.
The viewer is drawn with the utmost care. Positions are handpicked so that the greatest amount of pain possible occurs in oneself. This novel is the type that compels you to depression. Depression makes you silence in the neighborhood to reevaluate much of what you want to acquire, what you seek to obtain, and what is already in your hands. Advice Do not try to eat while you are drinking this novel, especially the first part. And please have mercy on the colonel. And the young man. And the eighties that were hanged. And the three children and Abu Muhammad. And Ali Sheikh Mahmoud. And the rest of whom I do not remember now .... and a breeze. Dr. Naseem
The first time I heard about this disease, I sympathized with it until the end. Jasser his sin is not his neck is his sin in the neck that he had evacuated is this and contributed to the increase of her illness. I concluded it in an hour, and it can be less, interesting, and it is a great adventure that a novel is written, as there are few pages for a new writer. My mother preceded me in her village, and I got tired from some parts of her disgusting shaft, and I got dazed when she merged with her. It was necessary to make mention of any kind on this subject:
I advise you when my voice beware. Rid of the genie or the ghost. And if you imp ask, imp ask. Why don&#39;t you give yourself the same day And my wonder
Great Murakami
A beautiful and psychologically comfortable place. The breakfast is beautiful and the hotel staff are all very kind and respectful in dealing, starting with the respected hotel manager and receptionists. I thank them all, we were late for breakfast and we did not go down, but I called the reception and the restaurant brought us a great breakfast to the room after the official breakfast dates.
The hotel is clean. The hotel is clean. The bed is small and the room is small
good. Cleanliness of the hotel, bedspreads and spaciousness. Cleaners located in a quiet area are allowed visitors. The reception staff are not fit to the hotel, frankly, not smiling, and the delay in suspicion is that the suspicion is almost complete. We sat for an hour.
To live with the unknown is a very bad thing .. And to die for the truth This is life itself .. The truth comes only through pain .. The deeper the pain .. The more clear the truth .. In this novel I lived details that may be repeated But to live something starts from the end. The title attracted me very much, I wanted to know, what did I feel bored in half of it I expected the end to be completely different. However, it is from a general view a good narration
good. Cleanliness and suitable for the family. Internet
A long time ago I enjoyed an Arabic book .. Of course, the story is neither creative nor out of the ordinary, as is the custom of our creative writers ... but the style of writing is very beautiful, poetry and prose once I liked it.
Excellent. Close to campus and cleanliness. The crowd of the elevators
good. The location as to the purpose of my trip. The conditioner is hot
The novel that touched the heart’s passion .. The novel that captivated me in a special world is a strange world in which feelings of love, love, hope, faith and dream come together, a testimony that touches the many of the hidden things of the soul.
Beautiful hotel. The design of the hotel is very fast, the internet, God willing, the diversity of breakfast. But what happened is the parking of the campus stops at the hour, with the campus parking near the hotel side. Annoying dishes and spoons sometimes at breakfast time, although we are on the third floor and the restaurant is in the light slides, not good in the bathroom, even though the hotel design is marble and beautiful
A very wonderful book for creative Saudi youth. I hope the writer to release other series. For other creators, those chains become a good reference
Abdul aziz&#39;s mother . The location of the hotel is excellent and close to services. The staff is very helpful and excellent in dealing with the customer. nothing
I don&#39;t know how to start and how I will end. How to tell about my confusion throughout my reading. For the female narrator and her degree of swinging. Between the five star. And tenth if any. I felt while reading that the author. He leisurely writes choosing his words. Carefully and at the same time smoothly. As if the letters he coined. She is the one who weaves his heart, not his imagination. The accuracy of his description and the beauty of his expression kidnapped me to another world. And I certainly did not forget to mention the sadness in it:. How it was painful for Hattan to leave Haneen ,. His nostalgia, in which nostalgia sparked her shame and tenderness ... and how she hated him, nostalgia unwillingly, and she will never be forgiven. Because what he committed in it was not just a crime. It was a crime in love, how you trusted it. And she loved him and how he left her alone .. Hattan, you despicable man admits that men are traitors. How selfish, you want it for yourself after you betrayed it. How is she answering the answer to your betrayal. And he left her for her marriage. How innocent as I described, Hattan. The novel is a beautiful story, but not so beautiful. But as literature and literary writing, it is definitely a wonderful and wonderful work
One of the best read relativity theory ever. In an accessible manner, far from the mathematical complexities, with a little humor to facilitate matters for the reader .. I have vanished in front of me. I need general relativity after reading this book. My teacher Abdul Rahim Badr .. I owe you that. May God reward you.
Wonderful wonderful, wonderful narrative style, the way to tell events and surprises
The book is really sweet, the one who really needed his love was amid the crowd of life
good. Free in-room Wi-Fi. Very clean, beautiful, wonderful and wonderful cleaning staff. Almost nothing
very good . Quiet cleanliness close to the sanctuary. The reception only has one employee
We possessed life and spirit and no one else understood the number of years nor the weight of our nebular dreams .... We are above the peaks dreaming of our dreams during the dormancy of man and we urge his days to leave the valley of the twilight dusk ... victory for love ... the first of us and Haji that we seek a corner in the mountain shady Let us be restored, as we are the leaders of the earth, then let the love that is forgetful and the weak one fill its dictates with what will come tomorrow ... beautiful ... :
A hotel still retains the luxury of its name and being five stars. The beautiful hospitality.
A soft and beautiful book that comes down to yourself in calm and serenity. We do not need such books that we read from time to time, which will restore us to our humanity and alert us to our mistakes, that when you read this book you do not find anything new in it, then all the ten commandments we know about, but we have forgotten or forgotten about it. Toward ourselves and commands us to the ten important commandments as he himself commanded. A book that must be read and re-read every time in order to make our souls rust and remind us of our responsibility
The novel whose letters ate the depths of my mind and woke my pen from its dormancy .. A novel that deprived my eyes of sleep to enter my events as if I were with them .. Between the loss of identity and the stage of searching for it, the bamboo leg was the first novel to finish in a short period ..
Excellent . The location of the hotel is great. Small bathroom
very good. The reception staff are great at handling. The internet is weak
A movie of remembrance teaches us the meaning of hope when you lose hope in everything ,, when the world narrows you and believes that it is useless to continue ,, when you grieve, oppress and punish you when you are innocent ,, when the closest people betray you, then I will advise you to follow this movie, Chaoshank Reformation, or salvation from Chaoshank. This living legend is considered one of the cinematic peaks. A very small word for this work. The film carries many human values and is saturated with lessons and lessons and radiant with optimism and hope. All of that is in the most terrible place possible. It is Shawshank Prison ,, the film highlights several meanings such as patience, hope, friendship, freedom, betrayal, love, injustice, a Stealing ... everything was perfect in the movie, starting from the performance of the characters, through the scenario, through to the directing, which was brilliant to perfection, and if the perfection is for God and alone, the Exalted, the Exalted, the end of the film is legendary and completely unexpected and among the best endings in the history of cinema .. This film deserves the full score, but deserves to be the best movie in history
Exceptional. everything. Air conditioning holes are directed on the person&#39;s face while sleeping
Needs more attention, especially air conditioning. The receptionists response. Air conditioning
The novel is very impressive, as it deals with several moral and romantic depths, and it portrays the loopholes of society and education in a smooth manner
Humble and beautiful hotel. The speed of entry and exit procedures. The rooms are sweet and comfortable. The swimming pool is sweet and the location is close to Emarat Mall. There is no internet service except for the lobby or pay for money to open from the room there is a bar for the lobby and its shape is inappropriate in a public place the room price does not include breakfast
One of the most fascinating novels I read first, political ... witness to many events .. I have documented very important events over the course of a great time period
Exceptional. Super cool hotel. People bare by the pool
Actually, a book that is more than wonderful and I liked it very well, the views of Dr. Mustafa, bold and frank, on the problems mentioned in this book
Daydream . Dreams Knight ... full rights. All ideas have stolen many and many of our times and we recently discovered that they are delusions far from the ground, but I do not deny that they contribute even a small part to the maturity of our thoughts and our personality ... The heroine of the novel was strong enough to be pitied to her strength, but how delighted her strength .. Ask May God grant us even a measure of that power and help us ..
The book is great, its idea is new, and its demand is economics. If they study it along with partial and macro analysis, it will solve many problems of understanding for them. His defect in my needs. First, its title was to be. Secondly, I do not have any conceptual framework for the book. Third, embrace the views and even the desperate defense of the new liberal Chicago school
A free book with a student of knowledge not to miss reading it ... after I read at the beginning that it is the result of reflections and examinations in some aspects of science, and some paths of faith ... How wonderful the writer’s fingertips have come up with is a flowing supply of erudition and quality of a lack of information and evocation of evidence that creeps into the depth of the reader ... Glory be to the giver who gives his grace to whomever he desires .. Some excerpts :. The concomitant relationship between fatigue and success is evidence of this from the legal and literary texts ... God has ridden in this life that His Excellency the things stipulated in the Qur’an, such as firmness in science, showing guidance and the religion of truth over all religion, empowerment in the land, reform of the nation, and the like from Great demands do not happen to one while he is completing his comfort, food, drink, sleep, and times of relaxation ... Excellencies, and the major aspirations in science, education, authorship, reform, change and renaissance in the nation do not reveal their face to you until you wipe the sweat from your forehead with a hand that trembles with pain ... hints the dawn of pay; Darkness of commissioning. Comparing sources is key to the investigation. Forensic science is food, and contemporary culture is a bowl combined with a rare coin. The abstract reading was one of the most common patterns of reading among our predecessors, which is the quick length of the book through which the reader picks up: the structure of the book, its main questions, aspects of issues in it, and general perceptions in it ... life is short and the lengths of Islam are great, and the most enjoyable things in the world are, and I fear For the times of young Islam who have to wager to be devoured by social media, science and culture are the arms of invitations .. Make your education a study of your knowledge. Reflection pause with the Almighty saying: And lower them to the wing of humiliation. .... Note:. The writer is very influenced by Sheikh Al-Islam Ibn Taymiyyah:
This book is fun and I enjoyed every bit of it. It has parts that I felt were talking about me, and parts that were talking about people I knew and whose characters actually lived. And the needs of the first time I read it beautifully
I enjoyed reading very much, I felt that the writer likened me to write what I feel about myself and myself, write it, express it, and live the situation very much .. Thank you Rehab for writing
A different novel in the idea and narration of the writer was able to draw my attention from the first lines of the novel. In a drone, the protagonist sits alone and quietly tells about his life, how he transformed from a simple worker who follows the teachings of his religious community to a media celebrity who has the power to influence people. A mockery of the symbolic industry in the media, the fake fame, and the commercialization of illusions. A novel that reveals reality and the reality of some phenomena in society. The ideas put forward in the novel are important and Polanic&#39;s style of expression is fun, but details in some parts were boring. The translation is excellent for Hisham Fahmy
Mythic ... mythic ... the genius of engineering or the architect of genius..i never imagined that there would be those who possess these comprehensive skills and mental and this legendary challenge and this design to punish this occupier only with fictional myths ... an engineer on the road or a prince of shadow ... All this humility was evident in the person of Abdullah Al-Barghouthi ... who is the most sentenced in the history of the Zionist occupation state ... Whoever has not read this biography for sure does not know anything about true resistance ... Punishment Punishment Punishment
An uneasy mind..the biography of life is more than a biography of the disease itself, and because mental illness in particular determines the fate of its owner and plunges him into multiple experiences and is completely different from others, so Kay says about herself that it was never normal, and is concluded in She would have chosen to have a depressive psychosis if she had been chosen to be under control with medical and psychological treatment. What distinguishes the author is that she is smart and was able to deserve to transmit her life and the way she lived with the disease not separate from her previous and subsequent experiences in her life, she began to talk about her family and the nature of her father&#39;s work, and the climate in which she grew up, and photographed us as the child and chose an amazing angle In talking about her, then she went on talking extensively and needed double audacity to risk her career after speaking about her illness openly, but what really surprises is her ability to overcome such difficulties, difficulties affecting a person, his life, his performance, and his relationships to be a psychologist with many books and Research into her illness and others, and she was also able to practice medicine With clinical psychology, she listens to patients and offers them treatment despite all the misfortunes she shakes from everywhere, and despite the moods that her illness forces her to deal with. Dr. Jameson was suffering from a mental illness called bipolar disorder, or as you prefer it is the old name for depressive psychosis, this disease appears as a bout of mania represented by increased activity, lack of sleep and frequent distracting actions that lack focus, followed by a depressive episode Severe, lethargy, inability to do anything and usually much longer compared to a manic episode, as may be accompanied by psychosis, represented by psychotic symptoms such as hallucinations and others .. Like to prefer the last name, because it sees that the first does not express at all the severe suffering that he suffers The injured, but it flattens a lot of meanings, and not T. The righteousness of him, and says that this label came in order to be more respectful of the patient, but in all cases, the label does not change anything of the nature of the disease and will not alleviate it, but research and discoveries contribute to alleviating suffering. The book had no specific arrangement except for the appearance of the chapters, and Kay was recounting the description of suffering during the course of her life, and stresses the necessity of psychological treatment and aid from others in addition to taking the known medicine to treat this disease lithium, interspersed with a description of her endeavor to achieve career success, and The nature of her relationships and the times when she was able to revive her soul. For me, despite some repetitions and the loss of the idea in some chapters, Kai is an amazing person, who loved her outlook and sincerity with herself and with others by writing a biography like this .. She told me on every page a lot about life, a lot of experiences lead us to either To get out of it is what makes us truly grateful for the time of the ordeal that gives us an extra life, and a feeling that this life despite everything deserves to live, and all this is abbreviated Kai&#39;s talk about her mother when my mother who had absolute faith said that life does not depend on the distribution of playing cards and But on how we play it, all there is to it is that both of us are tested for a full life, and it is not concerned with our luck. That life, but it is deeply concerned with how we live this life. The reference to the quality of the translation and the effort made by the translator remained in the margins of the pages
A very cool book ... I wrote a reading about it on the blog for reading. : //. . / =. .
The best novels are the novels that you converge you are in .. I actually found my current narration .. I laughed and cried and thought and felt tense and disturbed and put up and arrived .. I lived in every sense of the word as if it was written to me ... a great topic a lot presented the writer in a smooth and close to the heart .. can be thrown What was based on scientific foundations, and he did not give a satisfactory answer .. But it is enough for the reader to think and turn to an answer .. It is the task of the book to guide us to the beginning of the road and open new horizons for our thought and our mind, and I think that this book has been very successful in this way. In short, a fascinating novel that touches the heart of every researcher about God, in the time of the loss in which we are here.
very good. Good at reception. The price of meals is overrated
Wonderful. . Slow room for requests
From the darkness of the prison and behind closed doors ... He creates man again
The location is ideal and suitable for families. Location ... spacious rooms ... cleanliness ... pool ... everything. There is no
Sweeter than the series
A sweet book, although old
Walid Masoud is an interesting character who was able, without being in the presence of the novel mainly, to attract attention .. The positive or negative impact on the ocean is what makes and digs our memory in this life and not only our actual presence. I loved many characters, Maryam Walid Al-Sagheer witnessed, and despite the many interactions between many characters, it was a novel worth reading again and again.
Sweet . Everything is beautiful. No valet parking, no toothbrush.
very good. It provides self-service machines and apartment space. On the floor, a continuous noisy scent from carpets
Overall excellent. Overall excellent. The Jacuzzi does not only work sound
wonderful . Everything in the box is beautiful.
good. . Not entering until one o&#39;clock in the afternoon
The second book that I read from the beginning is beautiful and very, very sad. Ghassan is one of the smartest writers in the world. I am so smart that I lost him, as if I had met a person before and many of his letters and his suffering with Ghada are very similar to a great thing in my life with the difference of analogy and comparison. Great and naughty in all meanings ..:. .
the coat. On several occasions later, she was shivering when she had the idea of how people could be so brutal and how polite behaviors and good education hide this extreme rudeness, my God, in the people most known for their integrity. Tightness, anger and anger at humanity, the foolish human being who ruthlessly assassinates my name, what she possesses, but everything she possesses .. her humanity .. cruelty is a crime that we experience every day. And I ask God to help us not to be among those who injure or maim .. As for the nose, it can be summed up in the following line: He turned towards the nose while he was in his suit, and remembered that he was hiding in the suit of his country’s advisor. And he was a prosecutor and tomorrow, and he was really only his own property. I loved Gogol. The stories are great. Russian literature is great.
Strong language and great love. A beautiful experience from a good and well-informed reader writer ..
My first novel with Ihsan Abdul Quddus. It will not be the last. Imagine a year-old novel that talks about women&#39;s freedom, out of a position that is now superior to us. The first feeling that you have when reading the novel is .... oh loss, where did the days go? When you finish it, you will really feel the end. How different the movie is. Without burning events ... a good script worth reading. And its end is the most important thing that distinguishes it. The heroine ultimately chose her freedom without interfering with her love. Difficult ? Ha? I also felt it was difficult. But most importantly ... Does one of the current writers dare that he does the same thing that Ihsan did and write it frankly without fear of society .... I doubt. . /
good . Everything but the price.
Wow. The cleanliness of the rooms is above the excellent panoramic view of the sea and its location for the Corniche is excellent and also the diversity of the morning breakfast buffet. Wi-Fi
good. Nearby location and services. Hotel maintenance and hassles
No matter how much I write, I will not express the magnificence of the place, the manners and the taste of the staff. Frankly, it is necessary at first to talk about the extent of taste and ethics, and the magnificence of the staff there, whether in reception, in the restaurant, or in bars or bars, or anywhere in the residency. Better than that, in terms of cheerfulness, permanent willingness to help, and shit, and everything ... People don&#39;t have any wrongs with the elite of the youth, for example, but not limited. My confusion when he was helping me with the utmost sincerity, brother, when the car that will take me is late The end of my stay and everyone from the reception staff brought happiness to my heart and the heart of my children. I like to thank also the chef staff and restaurant and bar staff. If we wanted the milk of the sparrow, they would like it. For example, but not limited, I want to thank the professors Islam, Ashraf, Mohamed and all the crew I love. I also thank the employees who delivered the towels that are standing all day in the heat and offer us the best service with the utmost pleasure, and they can carry some people&#39;s burdens. All flashing from the We add it with all my heart, may God help you and empower you. As for the place itself, it is extremely clean and magnificent, there are many swimming pools, water sports on the sea, children’s playgrounds, and numerous and unique entertainment parties every night, cleanliness, food, eating, and multiple drinks all day long. The splendor of sitting in front of the swimming pool at night, with bright lighting and comfortable decorations for the nerves, and also a beautiful need the first time I see it in any resort I have visited, which is a group of staff who meet all day long on the guests in front of the pool and the possibility of the sea as well and offer them greeting phrases like good morning we hope you spend a day Happy and smile He leaned on their faces and repeated this at noon and afternoon ... Other than that, at night in the evening, people from the crew came together thinking of you about the other time, the date of the disco and others. Also, the presence of people on the clothes to observe and prevent danger and save those who are in danger were long Time is the only thing that I hope it develops is the wooden deacon because it is like I said it. But surely, I will ask if I would like to go again if it changed or not, and according to his idea, I am the first when he wants I have booked the second Eid Al-Fitr rooms from July, in general, a place for my sins and a masterpiece for his and his young men.
Stay rest and enjoy. The staff and staff, everyone wants to serve you, especially the receptionist Nasser and his staff, as well as the Yemeni worker Ahmed and Suleiman. There are no covered parking for the car
Ahmad Murad’s novels are general when he read it with a sense that I can watch a movie more than it is a written story. I don’t feel that there is no need for a talent, on the contrary, dazzled in the text. You cannot imagine the novel’s form without details, as it is an integral part Of events Mkins benefit the needs of Tanih replace it with other novel was caught straying .alsrd events every detail language need not deserve Nujom.amoma Mstnyaha movie uniforms Blue Elephant
A tale of love, embracing the path of a lawyer, a novelist, and a passerby who waits for death at any moment. Al-Qossabi takes us in this narration to the moment, shock and surprise with Jacob and Rawda, and the passing love of love in the ideal woman, love is the magical power that enables a person to deal with the issues of life without using the services of death, Love to apologize all the time, love being kidnapped by the most beautiful woman that your eyes have seen in a small car, without warning, and your brother to the house of pleasure in the sea, and you walk hand in hand, on a deserted beach, under the moon&#39;s rays. The most beautiful meanings of love described to us by Algosaibi and left to us and left life with Jacob, a novel in which Ghazi invented as always his brilliant habit.
My testimony is wounded by Khaled Hosseini. All his novels are of fine style and his love for his country is true between pages.
Very relaxing it was a really great stay. The hotel was in the marina and can be accessed from the beaches. It also has a small heated swimming pool. The staff is very helpful. The room was very clean and well equipped. Try the Indian, Tandoori restaurant, with average prices and good Indian service. It is located at the entrance of the hotel. I stayed for nights at a very good price compared to the value of the stay. Recommend it for a great holiday at a low cost.
Good price for many positives. I liked it, its location is excellent and close to most places worth visiting, the internet is good and free, my reservation was a deluxe room and it was upgraded to a sweet and was a nice gesture of them, the speed of entry and exit procedures, reception staff are cooperative and cheerful, the furniture is excellent because it is almost considered new not more than a year to open it The number of elevators is never sufficient in proportion to the number of floors and the population. Waiting may reach for a while until it is obtained. Cleanliness is good, but providing the room with tissues is a problem. Uh
She is the best and because of her she entered the genius world Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq
My favorite hotel. . I asked for a burger and all of it came out of oil, what eaten in their restaurant, which did not work for Rialal
good. Ok, treat reception with all nationalities. The air condition does not work well
A different story ... I admired a certain need in it, but all of them are on each other a sweet novel and I really enjoyed it
The best novel for the soldier. He surpassed himself frankly, from the first time I caught the novel, I did not like it to some extent
Best stay in a small hotel Our two-day stay last week was great. Welcoming with a friendly approach. Clean room felt comfortable. Plenty of tea or coffee with homemade cakes and additional cakes which was a great touch. Best breakfast in a small hotel with lots of options and no hassle. On a good bus route to enter the city. We will return without a doubt. Thank you very much, I wish we had stayed longer. Simon and Jane
It was necessary to read this book ... It was very necessary to wake up from this dream. The American dream. Believe me, it was very difficult to admit this, but it is the truth. No matter how tough they were against anti-American slogans, whatever you oppose their policies and lifestyle. No matter how you deny being supportive of them. you too . Inside you also. With all countries, seas, and the day of plane travel that separates you from them geographically, it is closer to you than you expect. Not like a vein cord. A little further. But under your skin, in your blood, in your nerve cells. In your dreams, until you wake up. Be there. The American dream. do not lie . do not you dare . Essentially, denial proves the severity of your illness. It is not permissible to call it a real dream .. rather it is more like a disease and a pandemic. But do not be sad. I&#39;m not the only one. I can guarantee that everyone you meet will love it or not, agree with it or not, and share it with you. It is important to know. To know how this epidemic came. The most important thing is to know how to gather your remaining forces to expel or remove them from your cells. While all those values that represent this dream of the epidemic represent a narcotic, multi-purpose injection. ..This book represents another injection. painful??. Maybe. But it will wake you up, you will wake the genie who forced him to sleep inside you. He will wake up: instead of a paradise civilization and its constants, he will build another civilization. A civilization whose principles are derived from our religion, values, and history. The restored civilization of Paradise
He has a very cool chicken sandwich. His problem is scarcity ..
Muhammad Hassan Alwan&#39;s eloquence is real eloquence, he can penetrate within the human psyche to bring out the most complex human interactions in a coherent and very impressive language
Among the most important lessons for the novel for me: Victory is not made with dream and enthusiasm alone .. On the contrary, they may destroy everything. It is a harsh lesson if it was placed in the context of the novel or was dropped on the present .. Saray Nameh or the Book of the Palace in Arabic The novel can be classified as an analytical historical opinion, in my opinion, the classification is important to critics, and it does not matter to the reader greatly. The important thing is that you enjoy and benefit from its events in the late period of the life of the Ottoman Empire. At first I felt bored with the novel because of the large number of names and the large number of Turkish titles and words that made me feel disoriented, but then I was attracted by events and their acceleration, especially in the last third .. I liked the cover image strongly and it is one of the first things that attracted me in the novel:. An elaborate novel in her language, style, historical narration and drawing of her characters .. I put it on my favorite list despite its sad end, which was known in advance
One of the most wonderful things I read about the Messenger of God Jesus, peace be upon him ...
How much I hate Dr. Munther because he will make me have to wait for the next parts to undo the mystery of this novel:. Dr. Munther adds in this new series another dimension to his novels. After the historical ambiguity and excitement in the shadow government and the return of the absent, he adds in the knights and priests after the imagination in a way that integrates history and excitement with the past, present and future .. Dr. Munther’s style in this novel evolved strongly from his previous novels, and began It takes a special, separate character from the style of Dan Brown and others .. A beautiful novel that takes you between the present or is it the present? And between the time of the Tatars, and between mysterious persons whose relationship to this or that is not yet known .. The novel has several intellectual and philosophical projections, and it appears that all the writings of Dr. Munther Al-Qabbani fall under one trip, the journey of the person searching for the truth.
Enjoyable trip . The location of the hotel is distinctive, service is excellent and positive cooperation. nothing
I love everything Ghazi Algosaibi writes, may God have mercy on him
Film as his name .. classic:. The curtain retracts and the film begins when you start touching the first page of the book. The elegant appearance of the book, the beauty of the writer&#39;s spirit and his classic stories: very sumptuous. I lived through the details of the hustle and bustle of New York City that looked like you and wished I was a scarecrow to love me too: lean on me and tell your beautiful stories. I cried heartburn in Sarah&#39;s or Sarah&#39;s story, but it didn&#39;t matter. Wednesday’s sorrow is very painful, as well, I lost loved ones in such circumstances, and in difficult times it is not tolerable, and the officials ’fault is also unforgivable ... I don’t know, but I found myself embracing the book warmly after I finished it. What magic does my arm have? I wish you happiness and more successful work ... and dance with your naughty girlfriend in a luxurious Mexican restaurant:
The second part of this novel has a narrative genius that dealt with most of the social and political issues that Russia fought at the time. The genius of Dostoevsky lies in the fact that what he is fighting on these issues is related only to his environment, but it reflects the reality of most countries and includes even future times. Dostoyevsky possesses a written technique that makes him present in all ages to the extent that we are a contemporary writer who lives what we live and sees what we see .. I will not mention more details about the second part of the novel, but I want to analyze what I read and enjoyed it. Sometimes detailed analyzes spoil the pleasure of enjoying the clips we stood at and re-read them more than once. I liked not being deprived of the one who holds the book in his hands currently from discovering for himself the aesthetic of significance and standing there with admiration without prior ideas and additional analyzes. Dostoyevsky deserves reading in a quiet depth for those who influence reading purposeful thought.
good. Everything in the hotel is good, but the exploitation and employees are a privilege with honors in all honesty, and room service rates are acceptable. The cleanliness of bathroom tools and towels has a very bad smell, so much so that the smell remains in the body. On my part, I informed the receptionist of that..and also the braids have a very bad smell.
Beautiful hotel. Close to services, receptionist, Mister Anas. The water for washing and swimming is so hot that it scratches your body and its Wi-Fi service is weak and its rooms. Excellent, just excellent, going to Beirut on its own, just getting tired of it
A book tells about strict women in all matters of the family. To control the mother&#39;s right to embrace and tenderness for the pleasure of her liver. In the novel, the grandmother dislikes the grandmother from domination and robbery of maternal mothers, to the point where if her pilgrim comes to the book, sit down and pray for her.
Excellent. The site is close to all services, whether it is shopping or restaurants. Parking is small and narrow
A comfortable and charming B&amp;B. We went to Edinburgh for days and stayed at the Baroni Hotel. This B&amp;B guest hostel is very much charming and this is because of their hostess Susie and Liu who were interested in their guests. They gave us some advice on our trip or simply advised us on some things that we could do. The room was comfortable, clean and equipped with some extras like short cake cakes or a small bottle of whiskey. The hosts service was outstanding. You can choose to have breakfast between Scottish and European the night before. Reaching the city is easy and accurate due to the good transportation system by bus tickets only three pounds a day ... We will definitely return again when we make a trip to Scotland and Edinburgh .... Carmen and Sebastian, Constance / Germany
Quiet and distinctive hotel. The presence of the Arab tent in the lobby.
The splendor of Gulf of Dana. The chalet was very amazing, as for the chalet, it is a wonderful beach, and having a session outside the chalet is opposite the beach. Several grills are available. The furniture is very excellent. The marine activities are available in all kinds. Sweet the chalet in general is wonderful, and I will repeat to him the visit, God willing .. Not answering the phone of the chalet, I had to call them on my phone at Main resort phone. There may be a problem with the phone. And there is nothing else I dislike ...
An interesting book, as usual, by the writings of Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, especially mentioning the story of the clinic of Dr. Antoine.
A maze.
good. Everything is beautiful, but far from the campus, a kilo can be used.
A beautiful and enjoyable trip, but the amount was five times higher than normal days. Everything is nice and tidy, but the price is twice the high. The increase in perfumery in the rooms The waiting time for receiving the room is very much The presence of flies in the entrance even though there is a man to hunt, but an uncivilized view is required to multiply the bulbs that hunt or spray
good. Cleanliness and good reception. Prices are very high and the bed is extra for what you have, as well as the delay in completing orders
good. Price for value. The family room is very big .. excavation work outside the hotel. Difficulty having situations.
Writing at the height of simplicity and posing the problem with a great optimistic view of the solution. The movement in ideas is very smooth
The blind sectarianism that divided us, I fear that this is really the future ... the mice are coming, protect the people from the plague ...
If she started reading it, she would leave her only on the last page of the page. She wrote about the story, post it after reading it in August of the following year. Ritigo ... A novel that you do not read after midnight
My morning began with a fearful and glorious look at that book, which calls me with temptation, and I unknowingly succumbed to his call like someone who lost his mind, then he showed me my soul united with that book. I expected the worst from Shakespeare and to get lost in his superior linguistic ability .. beginning and before my involvement in That wonderful garden that Shakespeare made through his characters. I would like to comment on the language of that wonderful translator, Dr. Mohamed Anani, whose critical introduction was a portal that facilitated a lot for me when reading and made clear many vague points that might interrupt a reader like me entering the Shakespeare cave for the first time and clarifying it to the linguistic pillars. Which I relied upon when translating it removed from me For the fear that possesses me when reading any translated work .. His preservation of the beauty of the exquisite enhancements from a pun and anagrams was wonderful and carries an elaborate meaning and a brief word that made me confused in many chapters if I read an Arabic or English translation, and Dr. Muhammad made sure not to He commits that horrendous, horrific crime that many translators commit, which is killing the reader by reviewing a very complicated language and making the whole literary text revolve around how the reader is surrounded by fires of confusion and impotence, and therefore abhor the literary work, I know that Arabic is not as easy as other languages, but some translators take Vague to make it mysterious and then hide it forever Saab yen Olvazam and vocabulary to make a reader needs a translator to translate what he read Kei. If his language was a table that combined the charm of Shakespeare and Badi with the Arabic language, and she never tired of me or difficult to understand, even his linguistic prevarication was enjoyable to the fullest extent ... Alexandrian greatly liked that rebellion .. the translator is not a person who takes the language and turns it directly into its counterpart but rather an artist in my view creates a new literary work and sends him from his illustrated death in the readers ’lack of understanding of his language and creates life in him and wears him a language dress for the first time and makes it suitable for him In order to become understandable, what would you think if that garment was the first language? Goddess. Despite my passion for French, my admiration for the English language, and my attempts to translate into and about them .. However, Arabic is the most beautiful and hardest I always imagine that Arab beloved, who races to her engagement to the brave people and he cannot win anyone&#39;s heart .. It has come time for me to talk about the play and if I Grab the book on a page confused in which chapter to start the conversation? The first, the second, or what? . First of all, I am not writing alone. I mean that Antonio, Portia and Bassanio are around me, and all the living characters who have awakened concepts inside me that I almost neglected about ... What is friendship? What is the meaning of loyalty? Is love just beautiful promises and verses that are said on moonless nights and eyes that only love? Are those around us people we call friends who are already friends, or are half friends, or a defect we have to call them friends at all? Is justice really a light? And other concepts that I hear from them about me .. Shakespeare made a theatrical play that makes me have a fever of writing about it without stopping. I imagined the characters on the stage and heard the echoes of their voices in my ears quite clearly in the first chapter, Antonio and his companions appear in a news scene showing the nature of the relationship between the comrades and Especially between Antonio and Bassano, with its clear solidarity and beauty of Portia, and her attachment to the idea that her fate is in the hands of her father’s will, as you will not be able to marry whoever she wants unless he applies his will and chooses the correct box, and this was a clear symbolic image that beauty is not in appearances and Its deceptive luster ... in those verses:. The appearance and the detective may really differ. And the world is always deceived by flashiness. Where the matchmaker’s reward was always hidden inside the ugliest boxes, and Portia relied on confidence in the wisdom of her father and the lack of femininity of his division was manifested in obedience and loyalty that collided with them. Jessica’s hatred for her Jewish father Shylock was a hidden interview from Shakespeare between my beloved hero, the novel liked me, raised my attention and added harmony Wonderful among the scene of the play .. I always believe that writing about literary work opens a mystery between the lines that we could not open during reading and this was clear when they were referring to Jessica that she is the girl of the Hebrew Why did they not say Judaism? Why when they say infidel? Perhaps because Shakespeare saw that her fault was not only that she was Jewish, but because she was Jewish, the daughter of the Hebrew Shylock ... Shylock himself, and not others ... This alone was enough of a permanent look of suspicion on her by Basanio&#39;s friends ... many parts of the play referred to verses from the book of The training itself, and I do not know why and sometimes from the Gospel of Matthew and sometimes from the Gospel of Peter. The explanation merely mentioned the sources, but I wanted a lengthy knowledge of the reason why Shakespeare used these verses in a form that contains a pun and a clear summary .. just like his mockery of the language of the Elizabethan people and their ignorance In other languages, Shakespeare &#39;s hidden signal style wants a keen and familiar reader From the historical facts .. So I did not find it difficult to include him in the list of my favorite writers .. She clashed with the beauty of the phrases and chapels in the verses of Shakespeare despite the obstructions that put them in their interpretation, but were making homogeneous strings between Antonio&#39;s fulfillment of Bassanio and Bassanio&#39;s love for Portia which in turn related to Antonio and supported him Because he is the true friend of her husband who supported him to be able to marry her, and comment on Jessica Burns and her preference for him over her father and support her for him .. All these strings were a hearty meal that prepared for you that it is simple. As usual, I like to talk about the origin of evil at work in my last words ... Shylock, the Jewish merchant whose gentlemen used to give a putrid smell during my reading of the play .. I imagined him in the natural context in which we put any Jewish character with all its wild characteristics, his father and his mother&#39;s money as we say here. His choice to cut a pound of meat in particular as punishment for Antonio if he delayed the payment of debt was a prediction from Shakespeare for the actions of the Jews in the future from a constant thirst for the blood of their enemies, especially our blood. We Arabs .. What Shakespeare did from depicting evil in the person of a stingy Jewish merchant from the tax collectors was a smart act Because the category of the Jews is an exclusionary category from it in most societies, especially that provocative phrase that we, God&#39;s chosen people, repeat .. Shakespeare tried to provoke some doctrinal controversies that I liked, but he did not succeed, and he originally did not need this, so Shylock&#39;s greed and his sharpening of the knife throughout the pleading A black halo can be made around it T and hatred is not only for the Muslim Arab. Even the Christians did not have mercy on his foolish brutality .. I want to return to the slag of Portia and her attempt to test Passania’s love for her at the end of the play when she acted as a judge who saved Antonio’s life and overcame Shyuk&#39;s foolishness. It was a sign of Shakespeare’s admiration for the woman’s intelligence and what I did it where the men couldn&#39;t do it .. It was a point that canceled Basaniu&#39;s position in the framework of the beautiful and wealthy woman who does not know what science is .. I hate burning ends, especially if I write about a literary work, but the end of Shakespeare was fair enough to show the personal hatred of a Shylock And his attributes for that, I do not rule out Shylock as a realistic character, he clashed with This is Shakespeare and I know it closely .. I think that Shylock&#39;s position can be summarized in that verse of the sixteenth chapters in the Gospel of Matthew mentioned in the footnotes of the play:. What would a person benefit if he won the whole world and lost himself? Standing travels. May
An amazing book made me see the universe with another eye completely, although I was familiar with the quantity and its theories, but simple things did not take me to the heart of this crazy theory .. .. Then he moves on because these laws are not suitable for the very small particles that physicists discover, and they start researching and experimenting until the first signs of quantum mechanics are revealed to them. Understand now The whole framework. ..And also the half of the book is overturned by the second half, as all laws of the first part of the book revolve around classical mechanics, which makes them limited and not eligible to explain the remaining wonders of the universe. What surprised me most in this book is the behavior of small particles and micro-waves and how they change their behavior when we look at them with something really amazing.
Maintaining the identity of the Hidden Committee, add something of a vague excitement:
I knew the types of reading and the best and most appropriate. What do you do in any book? And many other needs. From the other is one of the books that someone who wants to start reading correctly needs
I liked it, because it can be realistic and encourages you to religion and religiosity, but there are many spelling mistakes, but the version with me was the sentence was not arranged
Ismail raised .... return
good. The location of the hotel was excellent, the interior of the hotel was a massage, it was excellent, the price was very great, and the rooms are clean and nice. There are few parking spaces. You either need to turn around, or park your car with money with parking, and this is not what was mentioned here. Free parking is available. Rooms are not cleaned daily.
A wonderful group signed by Eddie by chance. Some of her stories surprised me, such as drunk singing and children&#39;s paradise ... and the story of the fleet and the bomb like lending itself as a meticulously sarcastic metaphor of our political circumstances that extend at the same pace of injustice and indiscriminate from the time of the story&#39;s events in the early Altlatinat until the present time
Fuel for everyone who wants to change the stage. Fuel for everyone who wants to change himself. Fuel for all life desperate. Because of him, I pray to God that I have two minds
In the beginning, I am one of the people who is fried in writing rural women, and of those who are frustrated in entering this site. However, when I stumbled upon a lot of excerpts of this novel, I was curious to read it. For a while I was awesomeness, covered in a thick blanket of interrogations? The first thing that knocked me was what did this wonderful writer read to write such a narration that is less than what I would say about it as wonderful, what are its rituals? In which corner of the world do you live? Beautiful sadness, seductive depression, I do not know which sentences to put for quotation? How frightening it is to write ... As I said, I do not know what to quote from it. I have read the expressions of the novel time and time again and I have been pleased with it. Be impatient.
Excellent. . The siphon is broken
Yes ..... the melody of a restaurant I have visited in America and I did not expect a branch to open in Kuwait, but I shocked him by the team trained in the service and in the act and the reaction The service is excellent The menu does not resist nor what I hope I will be hungry in the development or not retreat in the summit Suitable for all tastes that love sea food, but be sure of the account Hahahahahahahahahahahahahhh
Ahmed . The location of the hotel is excellent, the staff in the hotel are excellent, and the collaborators are treated excellent staff, especially Professor Shkuru. The hospitality and reception were very excellent. The availability of restaurants and services near the hotel. There is no shaded parking
The first time read poetry collections and the first experience of Lea with Naguib Surour or the creator Naguib Surur. I was attracted at the beginning by the Office of Illiterates, and I did not focus on the words and porn to me in the texts. I was very touched when I knew his life story, suffering, injustice, need, and illness, until Najeeb Surour lived in it. So I decided that this office should be the last thing I read. She really believed the words to say. It is superficial to judge something without knowing what the text was writing, how or what its circumstances were ... I really enjoyed the text, to the text books, and everything was written and I was honest in writing. Significantly. From the other, we answer: Sorour Genius:. No eyes smiled one day for a newborn ... and never teared a day for a person to die. People from the horror of life. Die alive. O number book, what is the price? I am from dust without a price .. Nothing is free without death. But the shroud is inevitable. Designed. .
Nice ... . Classy with beautiful ethics .. Where to walk the Sunnah of our noble Prophet in marriage and in all matters of life .... Happy reading
Great stay at Grand Hyatt New Year&#39;s Eve. The location of the hotel is excellent, the luxury of the hotel.
Excellent. Hotel manager Islam was good manners and dealings.
Among the important books as an introduction to the thought of Ibn Taymiyyah and his Salafi followers. A greeting of thanks goes to the author of the wonderful book, Raed Samhouri
Up to the text of the novel, I used to promise the characters and the story. I am not bored, but I was not encouraged, I read it. Thank God I finally concluded it. Its end is not traditional, a different end. Sweet in the end, I liked greatly. But more negative in Ahmad Murad that in the scene more than his text sits to explain and describe the atmosphere of the scene more what he talks about the scene itself. I am bored because I want a helpful one
Excellent. The resort is very luxurious ,, my problem was, the time to stay was too high, I wished they sprayed under. The amount of the insurance is not due to me when I wait and expect more and more .. You pay only cash. I rest for you and I guarantee the prices of restaurants are exaggerated.
I read several books that were unfortunate to the doctor, from metaphysics to his short novels .. The fact is that he still has that ability to amaze me with what he thinks, how to write it, and how to finish it. Each book I read gave him five stars for him, for his idea and the way he wrote, and for my surprise:. Utopia .. At the beginning of the novel I could not imagine the place or what happens after it, and I found myself diving into it in the world beyond utopia as if we had access to it is not an excluded thing ... it is contained and close closer than we imagine to the extent that makes us think with the book reveals the cache of the future. The novel is real and heartbreaking with regard to the utopians .. I kept reading while I was waiting for the person to be repaired and a human glimpse would emerge as that of Jaber. But the story shows that those who branch themselves out who loves themselves are in a terminal illness that has no medication .. they only see themselves. The rest is life on the sidelines ... I wanted Utopia to burn, so there is nothing left of them in retaliation for those who wrote the novel and in retaliation for those who are threatened with the existence of Utopia soon. For all I loved
The Diaspora reached long, and cities recovered. And you look carefully, O nation ... If it was a death that el-Fusha would shout at us ... Enough crowding on my palm and balance ... our longing if the chest folded visible. We conquered in the mouth of gunpowder stored ... invaded and occupied, but he stood up. I stand patriotic ... like a sheikh who used to go back to war, lost the boys ... tall, sad, and sad
Very good. Transaction order.
Good but the separation doors problem. Everything was elegant and sophisticated, but the doors separating the rooms do not give you privacy and comfort. The doors between rooms because the room sounds next to you cause inconvenience and discomfort
An excellent book, great effort and respectable idea
When Helen, who was deprived of her eyesight and hearing from childhood, noticed that the majority of the sighted see only a little .. They do not understand the beauty in what they look at .. They do not really appreciate this great grace that if they lose they realize its greatness, she decided to imagine herself seeing for three days and recounting what she would like to see in it ... On the first day, the first thing that you will do is see people who have made an impact in her life thanks to their kindness, kindness, and sincerity, and you don&#39;t want to see that she is limited to contemplating the salient features, but she wants to study those faces. She wonders whether it is dangerous for humans to use their eyesight, to take him to the inner character of a friend or companion? For example, she asked, in a special experience, that some husbands who had long lived with their wives were asked about the color that characterized their wives ’eyes, and in most cases they expressed her shame and confusion because they did not really know the colors of their wives’ eyes, in addition to that she wanted to stare carefully at the eyes of her gentle dogs and see The things that her house contains, and she will make a long tour inside the forest because she wants her eyes to be intoxicated and absent in the beauty of nature .... On the second day she will wake up at dawn to see the miracle of the night&#39;s departure from the day, and she will visit museums to penetrate into the depths of the human spirit through the arts left over by man ..And she will spend the evening until The second day is in a theater or cinema hall .. On the third day, you will see tall buildings and skyscrapers, and roam the streets to reflect on faces and fashion ... Take advantage of your eyes as if you were threatened tomorrow with losing them, and the same advice should be applied to all other senses .. Listen to the sound Gemayel, to the bird&#39;s mood and music tones ... touch everything that is worth touching, savor the pleasure of every food you eat. Enjoy each of your senses ... a small book with a large size in the sense of it I have not really understood before the greatness of these senses, and the amount of things that I can do with it .. How sad it is to look at things in a transient view, and we do not give everything in the universe the right to look at it Carefully, meditating and meditating ... everything in the universe carries with it a beauty worth contemplating, not just looking ... I am certain that my view of things before reading this book will not be equal to my view of it after reading it ... worth reading and meditation.
Excellent hotel. The room is spacious with elevator, three floors, car parking, toilets clean. Internet is almost non-difficult to enter the car park
Shepherd . The hotel is close to the Noble Sanctuary, excellent for luxury furniture. There is no restaurant and no laundry
Al Zahra restaurant mostly depends on the buffet dinner system of the hour. M SR per person per dinner with buffet service featuring a variety of sea and Arabic dishes. A very good assortment of sweets
Not suitable for conservative families. Comfortable and add value for money. Not suitable for conservative families due to a bar and disco
Your love is a crazy painter who only draws in red. ,,,,,. The blue wave in your eyes drags me deeper. Blue blue. Nothing but blue. I have no experience in love nor do I have a boat. ,,,,,,,, Nizari love, passion and poetry
Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, if he wrote a book full of white pages. It has five stars
One of the most amazing restaurants is Roastery, one of the most amazing places where I have eaten extraordinary meat. The chicken is excellent, especially fajitas. In the meat that boones, there is excellent pasta and desserts are excellent. The atmosphere is excellent. The price is acceptable. The service is friendly.
Wonderful. The staff is good and helpful and the reception is good. Daily hygiene is not good
I have committed no sin other than poetry ... is it a sin ...? . Dr. is arrested. Ayman Al-Atoom in his last semester at the university, against the background of a poem delivered at Ajloun Castle in general, believed to be the intention of satire of the king and order, and the authority did not know that the meaning is in the poet’s heart and is his love for his country .. .. lists Dr. Ayman Al-Otoum, the circumstances of the case, how to arrest him, and the stages of his transfer from Juwaida Prison to Swaqa Prison. He gets to know new friends who share the suffering of families, but they endure themselves with the Qur’an, prayers, and dialectical dialogues in various areas of life, especially with their friend Akrama .. Editing, the issue of positive ... It is noticeable in the novel that the Quranic aspect is mixed with poetry. The titles of the chapters are taken from the verses of the Holy Qur’an and most of the events of the novel were reported by Dr. Ayman Al-Otoum, in a romantic poetic way, indicates his tendency and love for poetry. He did not leave the dungeon, the walls, or even the pen except and gave them poetry ... I do not know whether the book is classified as a novel or as a memoir of prison literature, but the story is beautiful and painful at the same time.
comfortable
Wonderful. Spacious parking, clean apartment, full kitchen, and great staff. Breakfast is not as expected, neither in terms of size, nor the variety of breakfast. List of TV channels you need to add, especially sports channels
As is usual for writers and thinkers, when they write about Yazid bin Muawiyah Fatara, they write emotional words and sometimes pass false novels, and if they had investigated the accuracy of what they were reporting, then the matter is not in their specialty, it would have been better; for this, its value is four stars. May the mercy of God, Mr. Abdul Wahab Mutawi, forgive us and him
I started the book, and I expect that I will look at two pages, three of which are beginning. And the ball will complete it. But I could not do anything but be saved. Sleeping bird out of my eyes. He attracted me in every story in them, including me, who fell asleep, laughing, as I read the end of it. I don&#39;t know how to laugh without death. A laugh is surprising, possible. Some of them contributed to the end of his story, question about him, and question marks. The only need that is not sweet. The end is not up to the stories. It is not understood or it is not clear. But I really enjoyed the whole story. His idea is innovative and sweet. But I was hoping for a stronger ending:
very good . Good luck to the best, God willing. Good luck to the best, God willing
You do not read .. You are accompanied by a friend who tells you a beautiful, pioneering, sad, touching story .. Always influential, always reluctant to tune the homeland, the people, the exiled and the absent .... Her literary poetry language is a bit interspersed with a little sweet Palestinian accent .... Joy near graduation is surprised by the shooting. The war started, bullets pierce the bodies of the youth, offering all the courage, defense and protection of the land, and every death has a story to crown a martyr, a shot that the cinema will fail for a young man running to close the door of his school in the face of the enemy to shoot him with two bullets to the heart and head .. Imagine the scene ..., tell the mother a news Lost, scarred in blackness, vibration the moment you receive the news of death ... permanent and repeated death ... dying death The pain and the pain ... the expected and unexpected death, the wife and the talk about her love you see and not only read it ... an amazing novel with all its details, how much I wished the biography recount did not end
Fernando Pesso&#39;s writing would not look so beautiful and fluid if the translator were different. His words flow brilliantly and accurately, describing words in the most beautiful phrases.
Amazing . I have many travels, and this hotel is distinguished from many of the hotels that I lived in around the campus and in other countries by the administration&#39;s keenness on customer satisfaction in a remarkable way. The restaurant, if a distinctive chef is chosen and its price is currently high against the options available in it
Of course, you do not need the words of Sadat, the beginning of himself is an angel in the book ... but it is sufficient for him to be proud that he is able to write his autobiography, other than what Mestrej does.
Very sweet, diligently amazed, with a novel that I concluded on a Saturday, every need in my hands, and I said I needed to be saved. On the authority of Adham, I wished that I could meet his uniform and that there was no blackmail in the novel. Everything in it is sweet and enjoyable, and it is indecisive. The coming work is impatient: It was a little confused about the dates and the number of years, but the novel remains beautiful:
To God and God, from the statement to magic .. And spirits to impossible pens; formulate the pearl. He seeks the statement, modeling it as the gentle morning sun.
Worth the experience. Its location is very beautiful, excellent cleanliness, the staff is very respectful and highly created, fast and free internet. Its price is for services, if the carpet is furnished, it will be better
Calm and comfortable. Good reception. Calm and comfortable. Cleanliness . Close to the labor office, passport administration and the Institute of Public Administration. Bathroom tools available .. Minibar unavailable water heater for making coffee and tea. There is no place to put a bar of soap beside the sink in the bathroom. The washbasin inside the bathroom is quite old.
I do not think that we are blind, but I believe that we are blind, blind people see, blind human beings who can see, but they do not see.
Very very cool, I enjoyed from start to finish
Distinctive in everything if you booked by phone. The receptionist is so cooperative that you can be charged a discount on room rates if you booked directly through them without boking from the experience and the rooms are very clean and beautiful and the fiber optic internet and you have in the room Shahi, coffee and water that change daily for free with changing towels and cleaning the rooms. A very simple note is the lack of a slipper for the room or bathroom only. As for the price, it is slightly higher than the apartments, but compared to the hotels that inhabited it, the price is excellent.
good. . the network connection is week
A great novel .. is the first work I read of the universe. ... the idea of isolation and resorting to nature and the desert to understand the meanings of life and delving into it appeals to me a lot ... This novelist:
Twenty-ninth slavery hit me hard ... The issue is that Hiba al-Masri is very similar to me ... What do you expect when I read your accusation
Nizar’s talk about poetry was poetry, and this is what I felt when I read this book to him. I loved it too
Comfort and calm. Clean and quiet service .. Food was not up to the standard of the hotel
Continue to this level. The beauty of reception and good hospitality, the position of children playing and watching over the channel, providing the needs of the person and his family with great care and hygiene. Failure to provide free mattresses and quilts, lack of housing insulation, and inconvenience of cars at the time of departure very early
Appropriate . . Bathroom without bidet, room separator, gypsum board, sound is out
great story. I was surprised when I knew that the idea was written by the writer Naguib Mahfouz and a group of great writers. The idea of the story is to participate in writing it more than a writer who has gone through a lot before that because we used to do it in a lot of workshops, but orally and our goal was that we expand our imagination and our ideas and get to know the way each one thinks about us and his imagination, to reach Levin, including a response to entertainment. But I admit that the stories that we used to weave in the workshops, if you compare them with a story that you will complete, will be very superficial:. Because they were routine and regular stories, not fiction and horror, like this story. The truth is, I felt that the whole story was written by Dr. Ahmed Mahshish, never the story was written by others. It is clear that the writers exerted a great effort to get all the work done in the same way and style. I felt a slight difference, sometimes negligible. The idea of the story and its many surprises forced me to read it all in one go. I enjoyed a very special experience:
excellent . Cleanliness .. no inconvenience, very excellent.
good. Quiet in the rooms. Room service treated
Was it punishment or a test? Was it weak from the Arabs or the might of the Castilians? Was Satan the ally of the Qashthalis in their oppression and devious ways, or was the ally of the Arabs in their silence and submission? They left their land .. they left their Arabism..and they left their Islam ... so what is left of their identity? What is left of their lives? I lived with this novel for days of pain.. pain on civilization and the lowest. Pain on a country we sold..or pillaged from us..or both. Pain on a religion that detached us from it, so we ignored it until we left it as chosen.
I read it twice and myself. I read it. The third one touched the heart. Her hero was distinguished. It was not the usual hero. He was a hero made by sadness and refraction. A story that touched an issue before everything I cried, and I read it.
very good. I liked the location of the hotel close to the sanctuary, clean and treated by the excellent staff. I did not like the hotel that it does not have Wi-Fi in the rooms only the lobby and restaurant
good. Everything is beautiful. There are no smoking rooms, the hotel restaurant is fairly standard, and the bathroom partition is not good
From what I read the coolest. Swedan created the presentation of history in a fun and easy way and made the reader live the issue and feel its importance and responsibility around it. And create more in the conclusion of the book that cried me when reading it
Exceptional. The hotel is better than expected from the comfort, cleanliness and distinguished services, their great dealings with customers and facilitating everything.
: //. . / / / .... This man wrote what I want to say. Just add. .. this device Zaki Naguib Mahmoud gave me the feeling that he read his questions in my mind and answers in a smooth, logical manner that is difficult for the mind to be convinced of. Masterpiece masterpiece masterpiece. I recommend it to everyone who wants to read about religious philosophy, Islamic thought, and how to improve it over time
Bouhamd. . nothing
For those looking for calm. The location is relatively close to the metro, and the hotel is quiet. The friendly team maintains and prevents visitors from abroad. A safe family environment. The furniture is old, the laundry service is weak and impractical, the Wi-Fi is unstable, early check-out, after good restaurants
Amr Hassan does not write poetry .. He draws art paintings
And whoever engages in God, as if falling from the sky, the bird hijacks him or the wind plunges him into a deep place. Look: He fell from the sky .. See: The bird kidnapped him .. See: The wind fell on him in a deep place .. See: The theater and those in it have disappeared. Why this speed? Lest anyone should be under the illusion that someone who shares in God a plant, presence, decision, or extension, no matter how sensuous, powerful, prestigious, and benign he comes, but comes in a flash of the unknown, to go in a flash to the unknown
Beautiful trip . The air conditioning and hotel area are good, close to all shops, supermarket restaurants, very excellent, the hotel is comfortable, airy, the pool overlooking, and all facilities were excellent, and the reception was excellent time, thank you very much.
Very nice and wonderful stay. Location, cleanliness, attention to the guest, its proximity to Dubai Internet City metro station, the presence of the taxi at all times and an hourly supermarket with delivery to apartments as well as a pharmacy opposite the apartments and very excellent for families The apartment is two rooms with a double bed and a room with two single beds and a sitting room with a dining table and an integrated kitchen With its tools, a washing machine, three toilets, may God bless you and control the air conditioning for each room and each apartment. An independent Wi-Fi device inside it, very fast, God willing. There are no activities and no lobby for those looking for it except that very, very special
Aida, when all this is a surrender, is why this weakness is difficult for me to see a girl with all this love and purity, as the author described it, and I see her living in oppression and misery that was in her hand of change. It is nice to carry noble feelings for others and try to show the best of them, but it is futile and stupid to continue to do so without responding from others. Your love for Adam was a balm that calmed my rebellious feelings from your submission and weakness. I was very happy when I woke you up and decided to push back the injustice and stand up to the ignorant, hateful envy of Salah, she was a bit late, but better than nothing. Huda immersed yourself and those around you in endless swirls. Your unwillingness to marry Aida from Hashem was from a purely racial and Almighty perspective that is not desirable. Dina, you were yes, friendly, to repeat your loyalty, and your sincerity surprised me. But you eventually got weak too .... Good by it. How many strange things you want when you want the villa and the life of the palaces, and you have the world, including what is nice to dream about, but if the road stumbles upon us one day, there is no room for stubbornness. For what He gave you. Hashem was a vortex between the love of his mother and the love of Ayda, and at the first test he stumbled and did not try to face his reality, but he buried himself in Dunba and his wife was not one day he wanted them. I lived with the novel a joy, sadness, success, love and loyalty. I have a problem with the writer .... It is nice that she made his festival change the West&#39;s idea of peace and Muslims, but how does this happen and the simplest teachings of peace were not available at the festival of Hijaa
Tussles. Mashalla, he was totally comfortable and cleanliness. Everything I liked is very frank, Layan felt happily in it of attention and comfort, even the workers are smiling at you, a fictional hotel. nothing
Awwow ouof ouof. How beautiful. O misery. What love I began to know that I am inclined to this type of literature. This type which triumphs for man against everything. The kind that emphasizes me every time. Love is God&#39;s religion. This novel is a lesson in humanity. A very tired lesson. This novel reads our reality by re-reading the history of the Mahdia stage in Sudan. When will the person expand in us? When will it be free. Except from love
Luxury apartments. The location is excellent, the cleanliness is good, especially the brother from Sudan is a decent deal.
The restaurant is amazing with everything ,, beautiful decor, good menu, reasonable prices and respectful service ,, to the unmissable spirit of cecilia steak ,, meat steak with hot grill sauce ,, wow ,, I strongly recommend it to anyone who wants to visit a fine restaurant without increasing exaggeration ,,,
When a child asks his mother why in a people whose origin is good, but poor, and people whose origin is wasted, but a rich one and respond to a story in the throne; the son must see Khairi Shalabi. Real madness and really charitable Shalaby if he caught joy and sat as a book, I am not tired .. Our Lord, have mercy on you, my charitable mother and our Lord, have mercy on you, uncle Khairi.
Great book with a lot of important information not read at once. It is a start for reading about the Shiites, a beautiful book, but we need to expand ...
Highly rated for young guests. Reception, location and cleanliness of the place. The inconvenience caused by the music and the high price of the massage
Great book, I advise everyone to read
Enjoyable stay. Cleanliness, quietness, quick service, near the hotel to Redsea Mall.
Madinah Palace Hotel Biti in Jeddah. All thanks to the staff and a special thanks to Mr. Majed Lotfy ..
An interesting novel in the artistic and aesthetic sense of the word, enjoyable for those characters that give us the feeling of sanctifying life and its love, enjoyable for those women who have no equal, enjoyable just because you read it. Madness is delicious .. and the amount of loss is beautiful. Amazing.
Who said poetry was created to be read? Hair created to hear. And Mahmoud Darwish, for his understanding, is evident in his poetic kingdom. You should listen to him. Your ear clashes with his words coming out of his ingenious genius. In his dreams and insides. ..... poetry created to hear. For everyone who does not understand this poet. Try to listen to him. And you will discover the genius that you were deprived of
Very classy. Deal very sophisticated, especially with the Yemeni person at the reception, we were greeted with open hearts. The elevator only
. The service is excellent, providing a car park.
This special book takes us to those bright ages if not all of our times are like to accompany real heroes who made our glories and gave their lives for the sake of God ... To discover that in this nation of heroes what one is unable to describe them, may God Almighty have mercy on them .... I strongly advise him to read and publish it Especially for the younger generation ..
Excellent hotel. New and excellent hotel in all respects a great breakfast. Cross the street with a wheelchair
good. The location is close to Knowledge Village. Comfort There are rooms adjacent to the emergency ladder. When using the ladder to climb up the ladder, sounds of footwear and so on can be heard. The upper floor rooms can hear the night club and disturb the music until dawn. There is privacy in the rooms, you can hear the comfort in the neighboring rooms.
An interesting novel despite its length .. It tells of the beginning of the discovery of oil in the Gulf states
Good, but I will not visit it again. The location is excellent. Furniture is not suitable for a hotel apartment in Dubai, especially the hall. The apartment is all ceramics. This is annoying to you. It has children. The apartment is full of services. The location is excellent. Furniture is not suitable for a hotel apartment in Dubai, especially the hall. The apartment is all ceramics. This is annoying to you. It has children. The apartment is full of services.
Thank God for everything . Cleanliness, good reception, and speed of cooperation of the apartment staff .. Disturbing the people around me, but they did not scream the best screaming and holding themselves home.
Best housing near the sanctuary. Everything is super. nothing
Enjoyable trip . Cleanliness. The restaurant does not have closed sessions and the reception of the restaurant staff is not satisfactory
very good. . The inconvenience between rooms
The articles are still filled with irony that emanates from the heart of a simple Egyptian person, Ibn Balad, so do not tire and do not tire of reading all the works of Jalal Amer because his language and style are likable to all members of society .... God have mercy on us Jalal Amer
An informational book, it talks about Muslim inventions, the effort is great, and the book is full of information and pictures. I had started reading it, with the aim of extrapolating to Muslim inventors, in an attempt to identify the epistemological, and methodological aspect of it, but I could not complete it because it is more like an encyclopedia / magazine. I intend to use it as a reference, and also use the index for my inductive project,
In the midst of that suffering, the Messenger of God, PBUH, as a last hope, a Sunni poison appears between endless sorrows. In a beautiful, thoughtful, exhortative and inspirational intellectual suit ... a pole hears you a beautiful religion, according to their boldness and their distance from politeness, and the text that transcends the rank of pure literature is beautiful. With modern projections and comparison with contemporary intellectual doctrines,. There is no doubt that the prison allowed them a sufficient period to form a sober vision that satisfies the minds and hearts, and that grant is in the midst of the ordeal ... In the book, Muhammad draws a moral moral image that elevates it from repetition. Time .... To tighten what the world longs to apply, the text appears as a wonderful minimum and a clean reality that you would like to live with its explanation, body and margins, so what if you apply and become a reality? May God have mercy on everyone ..
I read it for the second time..I liked its simplicity and I remember describing the characteristics of a good writer as if he possesses the keys to human feelings .. He can make you laugh or be sad with him ... and Tawfiq al-Hakim as well..I liked most as a word with the woman in the party about himself
Exceptional. The place is quiet and elegant, and the workers are returning to the utmost degree with great thanks to the resignation staff, Mr. Judy, Mr. Youssef, and the Securityy crew.
Suitable for separation. Appropriate.
Thank you very much . Everything .. starting from the superior handling by the reception staff .. especially brother Abdul Rahim .. and his colleagues .. and ending with the rest of the workers ... nothing
God&#39;s mercy on Sheikh Ali Al-Tantawi, a very wonderful book
very good. Everything, God willing, but the restaurant did not try it. The curtain should dim the light and enter the room a little
A very very beautiful novel. I read it many times and every time I fell in love with it again and again. Raghad: The most beloved character in my heart after Walid .. With her excessive jealousy and exaggerated fear .. I loved it with all its extremism .. Walid: The character that is out of the ordinary .. With his substrate that he forgets to forget .. With his madness he forgets to wipe a tear descended from the small eye that grew up She is still young ... with his love, care and endurance, with a revolution of anger and excessive tenderness. A distinct character literally embodied of the lover .. You are mine .. It has a special impact on my heart. Disinfect. Palestine
Beautiful place and treated the most beautiful. Treat all personnel. Not bad but not as raffles as the quality of food of the hotel restaurants
very good. The hotel is excellent and the staff only have a problem with the bedding is old especially the bedding as well as the taxi is a bit difficult to provide.
The closest hotels to my heart are very beautiful hotels and the closest to the heart due to the staff in them and the service is excellent and the cleanliness and breadth of the place also Marco in the animation is close to the heart and the hotel is ideal for families and also the food is delicious with the chef and my grandfather and good reception
Wonderful. The location is more than great and the hotel design is excellent. There is a private beach for hotel guests. There is no free Wi-Fi
The narrator was distinguished by the accuracy of the events and the beauty of the description, especially the case of Istanbul during the period of the Ottoman rule.
Very sweet
History as it should be. From a largely neutral perspective, Ahmed Bahaa El-Din briefly tells you the conditions of Egypt. In the period before the start of the Arab revolution, and even soon after the constitution was drawn up. It is presented in a graceful style, traveling seamlessly between lines and intelligently linking events. I liked the way the presentation depicted the conditions of Egypt from the eyes of Abdullah Al-Nadim. Then they reviewed the issue of the age at that time, which is the issue of Sheikh Ali Youssef&#39;s marriage. Then he returned to review the conditions of Egypt again with the eyes of Muhammad Farid and Saad Zaghloul. He discussed the unique incident in the history of Egypt, which is the independence of the city of Zefta. Then he discussed in the last chapter the book of Islam and the origins of governance for Sheikh Ali Abdel Razek. In short, a highly enjoyable book and I recommend it to all history lovers
Imagination is the principle of progress, and in it an attempt to find the future .. ....................................... .... book dreams of philosophers. For the safety of Musa .. .............................................. ............. The idea of the book boils down to dreams and the ability to imagine. And the views of philosophers in each era of their wishes for humanity and their dreams for the future. The beginning of the book was with the Big Dream Plato&#39;s Republic and the dream of the utopia utopia. The end of the book was with the writer&#39;s own imprint, his vision for Egypt and his dream for its future. Between the utopia of virtues, the dream of connecting to it, the reality dystopia and the desire to escape from it, most dreams took place. .................................................. ....... On words or mere dreams, but who cares about natural history, anatomy, and everything that would drive humanity and contribute to its rise .. .......................... .......................................... Salama Moussa, who appeared to be cruel to religions Carrying it back and forth, making comparisons with philosophy to clarify the difference. Religion addresses emotion, and philosophers rely on reason. The dreams of the philosophers are mental, present, and the hopes of the believer are hidden and hidden. Philosophers cared for the world, believers left their dreams for the hereafter. The philosophers&#39; excitement of individuals suppressing religion to minds .......................................... Most dreams centered around:. Utopia dream and the road to it. The vision for the ideal of social organizations .. ........................................... ........ A short book in a concise style and with great benefit. You see in it delusions went to waste. And you know from him dreams that were agitated. In the end, I convey from the author: If you crave mindfulness you see in sleep, then do not laugh again with dreams
A great and wonderful novel, and one of the most wonderful books that one may read in his life
The magnificence of Sayyid Qutb is not in the content of what was written as much as it is the splendor of direction, and the audacity to search for the path. This man drew the lost path between the sons of Islam when he tried to break free from the domination of heritage on understanding religion, and chose thought as a way to deal with Islam, and Islam presented us As a living being, as if born in the moment, liberating our vision from the shrouds of history, which stifled us and embalmed a vision of religion that we consider viable and has been dead for centuries. Sayyid Qutb had the honor of the first serious attempt in this field, and whatever the results of his attempt, it is sufficient for it to put our feet on the beginning of the road, may God have mercy on Qutb
Revenge is sweet ... revenge is sweet, no words. It is a very entertaining and interesting novel, and it attracts the reader greatly and is written well. I think she met him very hard to convert to a movie or a series ... You will really enjoy it, but if you work with the same rhythm and speed that is present in the book and one of the series&#39; serials, touch it on it to make it a ring and no need
In short, from the books ... an indescribable book
Exceptional. Bitter, the hotel is beautiful in the Ramadan tent, they eat deliciously, as is the coffee cofilli and the employee Abdulaziz in reception, except for us Abkurid. It was quiet and beautiful, the right of relax.
Ajeeb is murid in this novel. It tells a bitter reality that the Palestinians live in. We may not be conscious of the right of awareness that is appropriate for the forgotten Palestinian cause ... I stirred all these feelings and directed them to Palestine. With this beautiful and elaborate text.
good. . Room brushes are not clean
I am not surprised if it was a true story
Men think that women need the same requirements, and women think that men need the same requirements. They forget for a moment that they are complementary to each and each of them have completely different requirements from the other, such as the difference of Venus from Mars. Where he is. It is said that a woman is a perfect paradise, a shady kindergarten, comfort, happiness and divine grace .. Correct. And what is said to be hell, torture, and tiredness in fatigue and eternal defiance is also true. And the woman will not know unless she tried it on her face and tasted it sweet and bitter, and she lived with her as a judge who judges her, and the accused judge you and her prisoner and prisoner at the same time. Whatever is said about love between a man and a woman, love is definitely not the only emotion that binds the two sexes. There is also war. The war is always between them.
A very enjoyable trip. Room decor, cleanliness of everything and providing Wi-Fi and breakfast buffet. Distinctive, delicious and organized near the place from the mall. People standing at elevators with a permanent smile and caring for others with a beautiful image. The room’s control is excellent from ease in dealing with it. Good, we thank you for this upgrading and concern for the quality of service, may God help you and guide your steps. The presence of wine, and the employee upon departure was unloved. He was an Egyptian but dry style
Exceptional. Very beautiful and strategic location.
Sad story, but its fun to tell
Exceptional. I liked the speed of service, location, hygiene and buffet. The internet is very weak
We were drawn to the world of love. And longing we carried. We saw our love as a child. Like the morning light .. his eyes. I asked you, would you ever see. We will destroy what we have built? . So I said: Age is sailing. And my life, you are anchor. Life lives in my heart. If he forgets you .. Forget it
The accommodation is good and the hotel is directly facing the metro, as the rooms on the upper floors provide a beautiful view from the balcony. I liked the view from the balcony, very close to the metro, and the metro gate facing the hotel door, as the food is good for some.
Excellent . Their dealings are excellent and they were cooperative and the apartment has all the supplies and decorations considered excellent for the price paid, but in short the psychological is comfortable. The cabbage needs cleaning
I find no reason to write this review at such a late hour, three o&#39;clock in the morning, except that the book has already received something that is not easy from my conscience, my mind, and my whole being ... In a mosque somewhere on the land of this guarded and, God willing, he would have been born in the late eighties and perhaps the early nineties as well .. If you were those who meet these conditions, then you will find those who tell your memories in this book better than you would tell them. It is only natural that you find yourself burying verses of poetry from your memory when your eyes fall upon them while you read the pages of this book, and why have you not engraved their letters in the cells of your brains mind since the early age of your fingernails .. It is natural that you find the writer is creative in transmitting your thoughts and feelings that lie in your depths for years As if you were the one who weaved the yarn of her letters yesterday, the only new chapter on me in this book is the stamp of quality, and I think it is new for everyone who belonged to the party of the sofa before the revolution. Unless the state security is a fan of arresting the members of that party and I do not know. As for the chapter on what happened to the Islamists, it is rather the masterpiece of this book and its bride, without any exaggeration. May God reward you, Ahmed Abu Al-Khalil. I would have written a thank you instead of God reward you, but I went back and replaced it. Didn&#39;t I tell you that I woke up the Islamic who was inside us?
Real beauty, wonderful and exciting issue to the utmost degree
Gorgeous . Everything is sweet, the right of adults and children, but I advise in periods of weather, sweet and cold
A beautiful book, all optimism and love, in which I liked the urge to not move away from God in an indirect way, the way the writer is purely youthful and this thing attracted me a lot to the book ...
Exceptional. A unique and unique stay, especially the spaciousness of the employee Jahangir and his good manners. He is the ideal for the ideal employee and a real benefit for the hotel. He is keen to draw a smile in the faces of the inmates and serve them.
Exceptional. Hotel facilities.
Beautiful hotel. everything. Disturbing the main street
Recreation trip. The location is very special, close to the beach and the walking area, within a few minutes walking distance. There is an uproar due to the presence of a disco, especially those near the floors
The skillfulness of the description and the style of the story made me feel like I was alive there, everything applies to me
A wonderful story. The method is simple ... not complicated and cool. We discuss the issue of complacency and positives to Mubakashna Shayfina. Your eyesight, your hearing, your hands, your memory, even your companions. We see people from righteousness ... and we do not understand how they worked like this, like Zulqarnain and Musa, peace be upon him:. Evaluation / . Go on, Noha
Your Excellency. My hotel will be all magit buraydah, very beautiful. nothing
Wonderful and comfortable hotel. The cleanliness is excellent, unlike some comments that almost deterred me from booking this hotel, and they do so on a daily basis. The lifts are a little late, it is normal to have a role. Sometimes the purposes of coffee and tea are not changed except by request. There is a grocery store in the lobby that is very expensive, and the price is almost double.
This book was not my first encounter with Omar Taher. We had met before in dogs, do not eat chocolate, but unfortunately I have not finished it yet. Certainly, this is not the last meeting. A time of beautiful clouds. It is a time that contains many and many interesting articles and words and letters, or even time, will not suffice. To talk about them all. So I will just say that I felt really regretful that I had not read it before at the time of its release. He deserved to be bought by everyone at the time. To understand and understand things that he may not have heard of before. Such as the death of Mohamed Fawzi, the October War, Sadat, and Gamal Abdel Nasser. Algerian rose. Ahmed Nazif, the former Prime Minister. The country of Algeria, Ahmed Ezz, ElBaradei, Tamer Hosni, and the teams of Zamalek and Al Ahly who did not stop talking about them throughout the book, but they are all ironic articles that deserve respect. It gives you some awareness that you are missing. It gives you awareness .. hope .. a small smile that will not catch up until it comes without someone else. A book that I really enjoyed reading. If you admonish him for something, it will only be for the sake of repeating the same characters. I was more than happy to know such a wonderful satirical author. Omar Taher
good. Walkways, waterfalls, and trees. If the location of the rooms facing the sea was better, because the goal of using the resorts is to relax and face the sea and the beauty of the sea view, day or night, gives a lot of demand to people.
Wonderful. The newest and cleanest five-star hotel in Medina. Distance from the campus on foot, not suitable for the elderly.
The best and cheapest chalets. Cleanliness, service, and breakfast. An open buffet from every haven and a free lunch. You can enter it with cards, according to your number, and golf cars. The clock is very entertaining, the beach is clean, and a very large area. The restaurant has astronomical prices, and it is closer to any restaurant less than normal. Therefore, I recommend bringing the homestead and cooking maritime tanks for a quarter of an hour for riyals.
Premium accommodation. Close to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. The smell of pesticides was very strong and irritating, especially in the kitchen. The bathroom and tub are very small and not suitable for use
Although there are differing opinions about Ahmed Murad, I thank him for the value of the story .. And also far from the style of narration in this novel .. However, in the end we are faced with facts that we have to pay attention to and circumvent around them .. Firstly, only the Tibetans were never and passed All their ages are a pagan people but rather a people who believe in God Almighty and followed the path of Idris, the Prophet of God, peace be upon him .. Secondly, the Jews and the Arabs of the island have promoted this rumor and have succeeded in convincing most of us to it .. Thirdly, that since the advent of Napoleon and the so-called falsehood and false With the deciphering of old symbols, and after them, the British also established these lies .. Finally, the people of Wahhabism bring in oil money Ruin the land and take the title of lying and getting insistent that we are the children of infidels, pagans Pharaohs .. Now the question why the state did not act as institutional or currents of intellectuals enlightened in this country in order to drop this lie and falsehood ??
Among the most beautiful, coolest and best self-development books I recommend for all ages
A special book that makes you rethink many things in which you have settled your affairs, but it is a book that may turn you head over a heel and not bring you back to your world until a week after you finish reading it
You see, why did your life cut and lose parts that you are trying to collect, but what you received was soft, what remains in the movie is a black shot that you cannot settle with anything. May Allah reward us with evil
Well ... a deep breath I want to take before I start talking about this novel. In fact, I wanted to give the novel three stars, but the fourth star came at the end of the novel, where the writer surprised me with a turn that I did not expect ... What I liked most about the writer was to surprise me with an event that I did not expect ... something that makes me breathe in amazement and amazement and deserved the miso clouds of this fourth star of the part The last of the novel. It is a novel that a person might think is purely a fantasy ... that the heroine of a novel by its writer appears a fact that is not always happening .. but the writer was able to tell us through this plot about many things ... friendship ... the friendship between Milo and Carroll and the writer Tom linked in a way that made them endow To help each other in more than one way ... It makes us feel that they are a family that does not have a blood bond between them ... Hope and the removal of despair from ourselves ... In the writer&#39;s relationship with the heroine, hope and confidence of the heroine appeared in the writer and helped him to overcome the writer&#39;s knot that he suffered from. He did not despair from him .. He showed us that the writer&#39;s relationship with heroes is like any human relationship ... We must not despair of it ... and do our best in it and do not underestimate it. For me, the author, who has nothing to do with his heroes, does not make him feel that they are real people, not a real writer .. This is a point that I loved in the novel. The impact of the novel on readers. What are the benefits of a book and writer that the reader does not feel connected with? Nothing, as if the writer did not write anything if he could not reach the hearts of his readers ... and Tom&#39;s book showed everyone who fell in his hand for what he really is ... In the end this story is beautiful and I deserved the effort that I put on it even though I suffered a little with translation, but it was beautiful. .. goodbye, Billy, I loved your soul so much
General life imprisonment. A Zionist court ruling against the engineer and former commander-in-chief of the Al-Qassam Brigades, Abdullah Al-Barghouthi. You are curious to learn what a man made to win the toughest court ruling in the history of Israel. He is not a Hollywood actor, nor an illusion on a cinema screen, nor a theater in glowing wrestling arenas ... but a real wrestler in the life field and for God. He is not Guevara .. that was a fighter .. As for our symbol he was a fighter and scientist who made the founding of the Military Industry Laboratories in Palestine and he was ... He is a real Sylvester Jackie Chan is present but he strikes not to end a movie scene but to end the scene of life of his enemy. He is James, the most dangerous hero in his luxurious costume. He enters Palestine, deceiving all the Mossad Hebrew apparatus, but he entered not to win a kiss of Habiba, but with a despicable head. Read his biography, which he wrote in his hand a letter from inside his solitary cell to his daughter, telling her why he left her small in a car and the police dogs bark around her .. His solitude, which he still lives in for a year .. Until now .. Men who understood the essence of religion were more severe and harsh to enemies. And I tend to attach what they are to family, sisters, and wives ... Men who punished the same likewise did not underestimate and did not hesitate and did not hesitate .... Men who were seduced by titles lived their lives in the shadows and we knew them only by arresting them or martyrdom targeting them ... Our engineer Barghouti is one of them, but a leader of them. ... a biography that started with emigration from Palestine to South Korea Colostrum science and power. Originally the airport did not have a dirham pocket ... He walked on his feet to reach the city. He was expelled from Korea because he taught the protesters there to make bombs. He was modest, cruel, patient, quick, rich, and astute .. Attributes we thought are contradictory, but in reality Islam is compatible and even required .... He entered Jerusalem again, drawing the path of leadership ... leading the Qassam army. He ran the command of martyrdom operations .. He would not have accepted any man who had his tongue saying ... I will not trap a desperate man from life, a failure in it, neither a weak nor a coward, who chooses his human bombs as a choice ... and select his belts to pick and make them with his own hands. And after a terrifying march ... a march that makes you feel the little kids while you read to this giant The leader is one of the clients of the owner of a shop that sells apartments. The customer wore a masked face with our engineer. But our engineer, the Prince of Shadow, got to know him from his body ... and he sentenced him to death even though he was still handcuffed. Yes, the burial was buried alive .. They are the great boys of God, be prepared ... Woe to the Zion and the rabbi. And a man really understood them ... he wrapped around his valve. If the usurpers want his life .... he will destroy them on the Day of Wars a belt
good. The cleanliness of the hotel from the inside and outside, as well as the good reception and the luxury of the rooms and their expansion and the parking spaces are available. After a great deal of effort, even at the time of leaving the hotel, I sat waiting for the whole hour to wait for the bed to be taken, as well as weak Wi-Fi inside the rooms, the bathroom is beautiful and sweet, but the bathing place is narrow. The location of the hotel is suitable for men.
good. The hotel is good. None
The least that can be said about him is that cool .. I re-read it whenever I get the chance. And if one does not conceive of depression and despair leads him and love puts him in the cradle of dreams, his life is lost as a blank white page in the book of the universe.
A mess in which love mixes with hate, and life meets death ... and death becomes an extension of life and the survival of a homeland.
A very charming and deep book. The book is a personal diary of the author and not a novel, a book with deep ideas that raises a question really, I liked its realism in presenting its opinion and convictions about motherhood and ambition .. The book is very inspiring, it can be read for women and men .. What attracted me most is the journey of internal conflict that I experienced The author, starting with her desire for motherhood and she is still hesitant about this decision, ending with postpartum depression .. The book in my opinion: One of the books that helps to understand life more clearly
One of the most beautiful books I have read in my life. A wonderful book and a wonderful book that is divided, as many articles are beautiful and simple, as soon as you read the first one, you will not stop
Exceptional. I liked the behavior of the hotel manager and the large mall adjacent to the mall.
An old hotel, but with high quality service. An old hotel, but it has one of the best floating restaurants, delicious food. Delicious dishes, great service .. I thank the manager of the restaurant Abdul Aziz for his interest in the restaurant and I hope to visit the restaurant again .. The hotel service is excellent but I hope they renew the rooms because it has old furniture and a high price
I wish I could erase it from my memory so that I can read it again and again:. Without review .. It is a novel to read and not to talk about
A wonderful experience with Golden Tulip Al Mktan. The hotel is close to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. Room cleanliness, arrangement and comfortable colors. The breakfast is great. There is no
If only for its open end. A stressful but appealing novel that will not help in treating distance from it during her chemical reading period:
I have not read this book ... I experienced it. I felt with him a passion and boredom, in which I found honesty and lying, logic and illogic, novel and story and stories, quiet dialogues and violent quarrels, philosophy and clowning, I lived Akkad and Anis and the stage and everyone who lived in that era which was filled with giants .... Philosophers, princes, and artists, and the strange thing is that the salon itself, after the death of its owner, became like a grave narrow and barely room for a person or two ....
Great book in simple literary style. In it the writer shows that work is the foundation of life and that the inherent origin and the inherited palaces are nothing but making hands as a scent. Not every product is rich, nor is every rich product an important product of benefit and benefit. No money accumulation
The book in general is beautiful. The part of his trips inside Egypt meant that he was somewhat boring, especially his description of his journey from one city to another on the other bank of the Nile. The most interesting part was his tourism outside Egypt. Envy his blessing that he had had friends on most of his travels:. The general atmosphere in the book was very calm, which was not appropriate for travel literature. I missed the movement, the activity, and the amazement instead of being calm and conservative
For convenience only. The service is excellent and the reception is spacious. The restaurant is bad ... Asian food eating for the room is very bad
I do not deny that I was dismayed when I searched on the internet about Bobby Frank the story of a young Jewish man in Chicago who is a member of the Kabbalah Islam, after he revealed an important matter. A young Jewish man who converted to Islam later came from a wealthy family and a well-known family in the city of Chicago, where he was a member of Freemasonry with a degree of origin. What attracts your attention in the first is its name, secondly, its cover, and the latter may suggest to you that it is a horror novel, but no. It is a pure historical novel, starting with the appearance of magic and sorcery for the first time in Babylon, and finally with the approaching date of the Antichrist. If I could value it with a star
One day you will remember, dreams in the books, as you remember, you are now Algeria&#39;s prominent personalities
Serenity is terrible in the novel. I received a personal character from the Bashkatib with all his details, and I remained sensitive that I saw his features and did not really feel in them with any fatigue from the beginning.
. How do you sleep in an entire nation? How did we lose sight of this point .. to this extent .. so that our country became their home? . The long occupation managed to transform us from the sons of Palestine. To the sons of the idea of Palestine. The swing of life does not carry its passenger any further: the tragedy and the harness. Marid Barghouti
Specialized hotel for scholars, staff and married couples to stay for a specified period. Comfort, tranquility, good treatment and understanding, the cleaners keenness for daily cleaning. It is preferable to have a reasonable amount of buffet for encouragement and imparting vital tools and materials that are obsolete in one of the parking lots.
Rhetoric and a wonderful store of words .. art in and of itself to this wonderful writer ... As for the story and the plot was not good and a little boring, the book was filled with delicious and good rhetoric and philosophy until satiation .. I do not deny the existence of the delicious tragedy of the story .. The characters have a different philosophical dimension, but they kill you bored ... The last line in the novel silence me ... How after all what happened is that Mu&#39;taz remains ... Mu&#39;taz himself from her villages knows exactly what I mean. I enjoyed the book in general and I hope to read it again, but in a lighter style
The book is great articles ... about his experiences with his friends
good. . The floor of the rooms is not added
What was never dispensed .... respectable and respected employees. Metrocentral, this is my second home, which I have never dispensed with .. Nothing
In spite of the cam, a pretentious scene that is present in the novel, and which I see is that their absence was never compromised in building the novel, but it is a wonderful work .. Ahmed Murad is a terrible brain brain .. The plot of the events are rigid ... A base that reads surprisingly and explores before you new needs ... the dust of diamonds .. a novel worth reading
good. . Car parking is not enough
I wrote P I found P was creative. O Naguib Mahfouz. My story with this book. I decided to take advantage of my time. The goods in transportation. I searched books at home, and the days were found in the second part. At first I did not like the book because it contained a description of what was natural. Cutter on and as much as I could imagine. And what I did not understand is that he talks about Henw. After the pages passed me, I knew that he was talking about a bad boy. P merged into the story. Little did I know that the writer would talk about himself. He seamlessly reported events. I was entering into another world to the point where I was originally. For the required place, get off it from transportation. And return to reality with dizziness and head roll. The book is a literary masterpiece of a rare caliber
The book, in terms of irony, is very cool. It was not laughing here or the positions were cliched, but it was spontaneous and very lame. It shows the extent of the shock of the American citizen’s confusion from the anarchy, nepotism and corruption that he found in the countries that came to fight crime. The writer mentioned some opinions that express the social and economic situation before and after the revolution, which I liked
I liked the Egyptian spirit ... and the poems and their music were signed:. Worth reading
The first novel I read in the country ... Of course, because in the going there is no place where you can stand originally
The turning point in your life .. will appear when you read this book ..
Saudi . Tranquility and cleanliness is a suitable place for families in the Gulf. Preserving breakfast is excellent. Crew dealing is refined and the apartment is spacious. The swimming pool is required for an early morning look better because exposed. A high possibility I would go back to but families and Wi-Fi is strong and fast and covers the entire hotel. The metro is minutes walking in the sun and humidity is difficult to go out at noon until noon prayer what you have to pray and there is no rug to pray even though I requested and did not provide there is no suction fan even though I asked for smokers room the lobby is small and the restaurant is small in size but diverse
Excellent . Everything is beautiful and calm, and from the last you see a romantic for me who wants to spend good and romantic days Nothing has disturbed my thinking
A book that deals with the life of the Holy Prophet from the point of view of humanity and pure humanity .. One of the best things that I have read while dealing with the biography of the Holy Messenger deals with his feelings and feelings of joy and sadness, his strength and weakness explains that he is a person who strikes and mistakes a great goal and message that carries all the difficulties and challenges because it is the degree of human perfection in his noble person. The method of Abd al-Rahman al-Sharqawi is easy, smooth, enjoyable, a book that is more than wonderful, and if the book does not address prophetic miracles, that is, it deals with the issue from a mental point of view only, because the book is mainly intended for non-Muslims.
good. . Khawaja stripped naked on the beach and pool in a Muslim country we must commit them to our Islamic identity and culture
Marquise&#39;s short stories collection is very similar to his novels, even in their detail, many details, and their length in the case of some stories, so much so that I remembered his amazing novels .. Before my comment on the stories, I express my sorrow for the translation, although it is a little good, but there are a lot of mistakes in translating Words for some of the stories I have read in English before and which I know, so I noticed a lot of mistakes and that&#39;s bad, because the stories are really good. Back in the stories I like most of them like :. The eyes of a blue dog and how they revolve in my dreams appear to be two different people who meet in a dream and perhaps in fact also without knowing it. Or the terrifying third acquiescence, which revolves from the point of view of a dead person who spent his entire life laying in a coffin .. and the funeral of the great mother, which felt as if it was an extension of a hundred years of isolation as if it was her last chapter or the like .. As for the longest and most wonderful stories are Erenendra&#39;s wondrous and sad tale of kindness and a cruel grandmother, this is not an ordinary short story. She is the epic of a girl who has been following her harsh grandmother and obeying her orders for a reason that I still do not know, but this is what gave the story her horror .. As for I came to call the phone only, I just felt Maria terrified, and the beginning of the story was impressive, although I did not understand her end well .. and I was surprised by the behavior of the children In the happy summer story of Mrs. Forbes, I liked the story of a good trip, Mr. President, very much. Marquise&#39;s style is charming and makes you sink in the details of his stories, whether it is ten pages or one hundred pages. I never had hope of it, I think that the idea of starting with his greatest works a hundred years of isolation succeeded in giving me that immunity and the ability to read it tirelessly.
I highly recommend it. The reception staff treated him very nicely and welcomed the guest with his smile and facilitated entry and exit procedures. A strong car presence in all the hotel and rooms. Calm, cleanliness and safety. This is the second time I live in. The barber in each street is not far from Sheikh Zayed Road. Air conditioning Central Mashallah Bared Al Sokhan for a good shower. The bathroom only frankly needs a complete refurbishment so that the view will be comfortable and clean for those who use the price of the residence a little expensive if they reduce the cost be completely
Ahmed Al-Sudairy. The location is excellent, the hotel is clean and the crew is new, especially the receptionist Ahmed Al Masry .. Wi-Fi is weak
Price for service. . The room is narrow, the bathroom is very narrow ..
Wonderful. Almost everything the location is the cleanliness of the reception the most wonderful. Lack of parking, which leads to delay in bringing the car. Some room services workers let down the service.
Wonderful. Everything is all and the site is more beautiful. The net food prices are very exaggerated, the laundry and ironing prices
Light and delicious
Pros and cons of Philips hairdresser
Great hotel for families. Cleanliness and calm. The bathroom chair, may God protect you, is stuck to the washing machine
Excellent . Excellent hotel in everything. Its only drawback is a star hotel and without free internet in the rooms
During the novel I used to say, Possible or who,. Ahmed Murad, I am convinced that his novels are cinematic novels. This is not something I need to know. Ok, what could have made me lack a star is that it could have been long, so needs could have been kept shorter than that, and shorter needs would be better. But the atmosphere of the novel is generally sweet, it can be cool that the star lacks a star, because I felt its end like the end of foreign films, especially horror from it, and I mean the end of the last pure chapter, not the last quarter of it. But Ahmed Murad, his style is nice, and I liked it. They said that the amount of inserts is less than the dust of diamonds, but the hints were more, but it was not clear to me what was discussed. I think if you read this novel without all the rural opinions and opinions that are not enthusiastic or enthusiastic about more, I would have enjoyed the same enjoyment with diamond dust. The novel feature is cool. The theme is variable in its first sense. He feels that he plays on the same rope, but in a different way. He writes something you say you will do like this and the other one will be unused, i.e. something that you said you will do. Can you read another code?
Excellent. The location is very excellent, close to the Dubai Mall, the reception and staff are great, and the room capacity is excellent.
A wonderful novel. Another world
Childhood and innocence =
Excellent. Near the site to the campus.
Engraving is silence of the mind and eye music, and color is touching eyesight, deaf music and the word darkness. Orhan’s fear for painting and art is evident in the paintings of this novel, his grief over him if he is forgotten, his fear for the engravers of art and hardliners enemies. In his writing, you will feel as if he talks about himself, and put some colors from his private life. I was able to imagine Istanbul in its full colors. I received the beauty of Shakurah and the love of Qara and before them Khosrow and Sherine .. An interesting novel, colorful and as if you see the colors with your eyes, a mysterious plot and events that flow like a talking brush on a paper.
Who said it is a sexual novel? Who said that the content of a sexual relationship is summed up in eleven minutes? Unfortunately, many of those who have read this novel summarize their criticisms that it is a pornographic novel that includes many sexual scenes, although I see that there is no need to move outside the context of events or any vulgar scenes .. Unfortunately many believe that the content of the sexual relationship includes only eleven minutes, but the writer reveals through The content of the novel is that the relationship between two people does not only involve eleven minutes of nationality from the point of view of some, but it extends to include the previous understanding of personal self and understanding of the other person and the extent of desire from each party to the other, which represents the beginning of any relationship and does not end with the end of the eleven minutes It extends for a long time With the continued state of feeling pleasure and love between the two circumstances ... the philosophy of the novel includes:. Love manifests itself more in the absence of the beloved. When we meet one of them and fall in love with him ... we feel that the entire universe is obeying us in this direction. Some people mistakenly believe that the axis of life is centered around the eleven minutes. Love is not in the end .. Love is in us .. We are the ones who wake him from his nap, but in order to wake him up we need the other because the universe does not make sense when there is no one with us who shares our emotions with us. The most important encounters take place at the level of souls, even before bodies converge. Whoever dictates the person who has long dreamed of knows knows that the sexual energy inherent in himself precedes sexual practice ... the greatest pleasure is not in sex but in the passion in which sex is practiced. There is an internal alarm in each of us .. When two people want to make love, it is necessary for their hands to point to the same hour at the same time. There are things that cannot be shared with anyone and remain our property alone, and that is the secret of our freedom. Finally, sex is the art of controlling loss of control
Great hotel in the full sense of the word. everything. Bath amenities such as soap, shampoo, body lotion and others are of acceptable quality and are not up to the luxury of the hotel
Love is a fruit that must be eaten in its time, eaten whole, once, and at a specific time, or spoil the fruits. It is not stored in the treasures of a lifetime, and no one says that it will become wine. Alcohol is something that only a thousand dead fruits can create. No matter how much we get out of love like wise men, we do not return to it again except arrogant children. Every love is a temporary childhood, and every love is forever. /. One of my friends told me once, escaping from the source of distress is more difficult than confronting him always, therefore, never take the most difficult solution. I asked him about how to despair, and he says besieging your distress. It annoys you from this attempt, which gradually makes you more skilled in controlling the latitudes of your depression
One of the most wonderful things is .. I have the same status as two stories so that the soul does not die, and you each have a special status for them .. And chastity and reverence unite them in words, sophistication, style more than wonderful and unique story ... If you want to talk about pure pure love from The world, if you wanted to read about jihad and resistance and conflicts of ideas when people are looking for the right way to resist their enemies .. or the true meaning of selling the world and buying the hereafter and the love of martyrdom and living with the morals of the martyr then you are looking for this beloved narration to my heart .. our wedding in Paradise
I recommend it. close to the sea. The bed is not comfortable
Their hearts are rough and untouched by love. Great office about the family. On the great love relationship with the mother and the ongoing love and hate relationship with the father. And dedication to the sister explicit
Very nice but the room services are slow and the cleaning and the change of towels is late and I return to the room and it was not arranged and cleaned. The design of the hotel is luxurious and comfortable, arranged, well-organized, and the treatment of its staff, the presence of a female crew, which made it very convenient for the women who come to it in abundance. Delayed room services, lack of cleanliness, and fast and high ordering of rooms
One of the wonderful novels that I really enjoyed reading is that it contains many meanings and lessons within it, and also an interesting drama.
Very sweet
good. . The road towards the sanctuary
good . Very excellent person, thanks to brother / Nofal, this person encourages me the most to return to the hotel. Its location in Al Barsha is somewhat away from the tourist market and places
The positions of the strong are among the leaders of the soldiers of the sheikhs of the women of the palace, a magical mixture for the destruction of any state and the loss of the rights of the parish and the public through the intrigues and intrigues that everyone plans to extend his influence and get rid of any competitor and who pays the insurance is the people
Now, at this bleak hour of the night, his beloved is asleep and his homeland snores, and he alone must remain awake, so it is necessary for his guards&#39; dog for this looted, spoiled east ... this east which lies outside its edge, and from its bowl drink the horses of the invaders and pray.
A book with few pages, but it is very useful in which Dr. Al-Masiri talks about the issue of women between the calls for its liberation that stems from being part of the fabric of society having rights and the movements of Western feminists which the doctor called the movements of centering on the female .. which view women as a purely materialistic view as if it is an independent entity and not a An individual in a society. The writer also talks about the concept of a woman’s work and her self-realization, which has become confined only to work that achieves material gain, which made many women prefer this work at the expense of raising their children and caring for them at a foundational stage of their life .. Although the importance of this work is no less important than work In return for material compensation, on the contrary, it has the best effect in the development and development of society. The author here emphasizes, of course, that he is not against the work of women, but against the inferior view of the inactive woman as if she is dependent on society and an inactive member in it. A good concept presented by Dr. Al-Masiri in a distinct and simple manner.
Wonderful. Not the first time I lived ... but this time I liked the presence of a fridge and a tea water heater. The reception is very poor and the time of our arrival at the reception was very unpleasant smell
There is nothing wrong . Yes, delicious, but some dishes are lacking, such as bread, no. I booked a double bed and I was given two single beds y. No breakfast dishes are provided in the breakfast
Mazaaz Restaurant, value for money, is a real Italian taste, special offers for children, it has no equal in the kingdom, quality and speed of service, especially the special meal offer, in addition to the salty dish, the batter, and the olives with the same olives, who provide free
When the British occupied Egypt, they distributed land to those who helped them to occupy Egypt, and they were dozens, but thirty thousand of those who revolted with the godfathers other than those who died in the war were put in prison. Who are the Egyptians really? When the Jews came, some Palestinians sold them land and were tens of thousands, but thousands died in revolutions against the Jews and in war with them, so who are the Palestinians really? My friend, inside every people of his community, barks behind the one who throws her a bone, and do you want more? Inside every person is that dog that barks, and the important thing is to brush it. ..................... If I die together. If people like crops grow together and reap together, no one mourns for anyone and no one cries for the one he loves .. If he reaps the transplant of humans who grow together all at once, and then a new plant comes that turns green and grows, he does not mention anything about his predecessor and does not think about what will come.
A book I recommend
Hawaaaar play. Rigid, harboring creativity, as well as a hidden and visible message throughout the events where there were no historical events that were more concerned with the narcissistic psychology of Alexander. I highly recommend reading it
Very beautiful, a completely different and neutral research book that raises many questions depending on different historical sources .. The book is flawed by the clear repetition of the information in the same form and I do not know what is possible, a transcriptional error.
Excellent. He treated the reception, especially one of the supervisors, I think his name is Majid. Breakfast is not appropriate for a star hotel in terms of variety and variety
A book that can change your life:
The writer Anis Mansour accompanies you on his journey around the world during the sixties of the last century, in his amazing style and smooth flow of ideas and charming description of places, people, food, cultures and peoples .. And his book begins with a wonderful introduction that says at its beginning :. The mules rode at the top of the Himalayas, I rode the jet from Hollywood to Washington, and the Americans were looking at me with admiration and envy, the jet was something new, I rode the elephant and I rode a boat and I stayed standing for six hours, the water was full of snakes and crocodiles in the far south of India, and I ate bananas with activity in Singapore, I drank tea with salt in Indonesia, I ate pineapple with crows in Ceylon, I ate frogs and snakes in Hong Kong, and I ate eggs while full of chicks, so that I didn&#39;t get a little shit, in the Philippines they added peppers and salt to them, I wore the doty in Kerala, and I wore kimono in Tokyo, and I walked naked A Honolulu, I had friends from Almlalim owners, and friends of millionaires .. It was my friendship does not take hours or days, and then leave, to a new country ... This paragraph makes you stop reading the book and eat up the leaves of the paper after the other, as the writer is distinguished by his simple phrases that are far from costing and strange words, and he uses some colloquial terms that increase the cost increase between him and the reader, even as if you accompany him on his travel as if between you live and salt, And live with him all the atmosphere he lived and feel the feelings, pain, boredom, diseases, disgust and happiness that he felt, and even as if you taste the taste of what he eats and drinks and suffers with him from insomnia, mosquito bites, the free India and the cold of Australia .. The book is very wonderful and deserves to be moved in with the writer around the world.
Exceptional. Beautiful in all respects. There is no
Wonderful. Cleanliness and suitable for families. Con and John complete kitchen. The pool water is hot
The blind Persians conquered the one who tried to survive, but its time came, and it struck. I think the main question that was going on in the writer’s head is why why is it time for granada why did it drift? Some parts of the novel felt like I was actually seeing them in front of me
I finish this book on my thirty-third birthday and am not at my best and far from my country and frankly I was searching for a positive shipment that pushes me forward with my introduction. Truthfully, I did not enjoy as I would have liked, but it passed like a breeze on a spring day and I recommend reading it
My advice to everyone who wants to rest. Wonderful hotel apartments, great views, complete calm, and very excellent treatment from reception and the Internet more than wonderful and very fast and for free I recommend booking in these wonderful apartments in addition to its proximity to the metro station which is a meter away from the apartments and near the grocery stores, restaurants and pharmacies Yes, I will reserve it the next time . There is no
I think that the words leave one strangled, that they will live on a lie with this size and length of time, and that exasperates that people who understand and complete in lying
good. . I rented the room at a price, and I want to rent again, and the price is high
All the time, I try hard to convince me that it&#39;s a novel. So as not to talk to myself what I did. I see some disgusting affliction in describing relationships. And she lost that amazingness.
Exceptional. Excellent location, very good services, combining classic and modern design. The price is overrated
As usual .. more than cool. We play the strings of the soul in a very clever manner. :
The camellia gland and the beauty of the camellia gland. A novel that takes you out of a bad mood and a black reality. The novel laughs and cries. It makes you happy and sad. A novel that represents simplicity and violence. Representing dream and reality. All this and more in a distinct mixture that impresses and forces you to rise and bone. Great feeling after reading it. Ghada Al-Kamilia is one of those novels that deserve to be described as a boom. In it, you see a unique story at the time and merging and adoring it. It is a narration of love about that involuntary feeling that we have towards people with whom we may not have any connection. It is a novel that loves and loves its people.
Gibran&#39;s writings, as usual, invite you to dive and delve deeper into the philosophy of life with a sophisticated humanistic spirituality and I do not know if it is possible to paste an elegant term for those words that flow as the first golden thread born with the sun&#39;s radiance and heralds a new life. ... souls here refuse to remain captive of injustice and slavery .. and captive of the grip of unjust customs and norms of society ... souls here rose up with the uprising of the mind to rebel against this contradictory and corrupt reality ... the book may be including what is not new and a grateful with Many of his ilk are in demand, but what distinguishes him is that solemnity that brings you together with the cause, the writer, and the Lord all ... Gibran, in general, which I often see costly, as if he was competing to show the best of his possession From the eloquence and grandeur of literature ... I see her deserving of the stars with merit, while the fifth was lost and reduced equally between the language pronouncement and extremism in some ideas ... on the rebellious spirit of Gibran .. Peace
Actually we were in a dream and we were awakened by a fourth nightmare of her life. Genius story and transmission in the text is very genius. Jihad is our way
Excellent. The rooms are beautiful and spacious, the bed is comfortable and we unfortunately did not take advantage of the ponds and water parks outside.
Thanks for the good reception and hospitality service. the room. Swimming pool water navigator
That poem, which takes you back to a beautiful time, or takes you to a beautiful dream ... I have good feelings, I have summed up everything in a few pages ... Thank you
Excellent and comfortable. The luxury of the hotel and its cleanliness. nothing
I finished the novel in one night .... I cried a lot during its events ... The author excelled in conveying the suffering of a family through its generations during their story ... a family of all its sins that they are from Palestine .. the beautiful thing in the novel is that it showed that the impact of the catastrophe extends for generations and generations ... something we carry with us and it cannot be forgotten ... how painful it is to break a human: the novel is written very smoothly ... do not feel bored forever ... the translation was very successful ... I advise it to all my friends but not to those with a delicate sense, Because they will not complete it from how much sadness there is in its folds ...
Best hotel. Everything is excellent, especially Mr. Thabet Abdulaziz, his style and the way of dealing are very classy and the customer&#39;s interest is distinctive. nothing
The place is clean, the price is fine, the chickpeas are magnificent, ask for chickpeas on the mind, and not the regular chickpeas, which has a place for children to play grills, and also great.
Exceptional. Everything at the resort was beautiful. The value of rental games for children
From the title of the book .. I expected Nobuaki to talk about all the gaps, bumps, etc. among Arabs that need systematic repair. But he limited himself to only talking about the main problem from which the branches arose. He spoke of the lack of democracy among the Arab peoples, and included some misconceptions among the Arabs. I liked the style, which is a very advanced thing for an Arabist like him:. But I was delighted when he talked about the tension that rises over the faces of the Syrians and I would like to say: Come now and tell me what you see in their faces .. ??
A novel followed by Dan Brown, and as usual, everything I say boredom began to enter me and I was reading it. It was my surprise, but once again, these surprises were more than before, especially since Malach came up with a very big surprise in the other. Dan Brown, Pedos, and stretches away a lot of red lines, and opens the door to research without what he signs up to, wrong with any party. This novel, in particular, was dominated by the dramatic character, which surprised me, because things are difficult. Tom Hanks’s words, Lieutenant, as long as I’m reading, as a result of I’m seeing the Da Vinci Code movie close:. I hope the novel will make a movie after Inverno, and the cast will remain at a high level, such as the last two films. Brown condemned the humanity of your atmosphere without what you feel and without resorting to a story of love, emotional conflict, or social or class violence, and this advantage is that it has a very unique and special style. Dan Brown = The Model Novel
Hilton Hotel is a recommended residence. Location and hygiene. The delay in handing over the residence takes approximately half an hour
Genius is not alien to our great writer. After I finished reading it, I had a feeling that resembled that of what was in the sense of Arabic. He called for a feast, and when he sat at the table and spoiled his sense of greed and pleasure until he heard a voice announcing the end of the banquet without being satisfied or quenched. Tawfiq al-Hakim attracted us to the height of pleasure in the novel, and then decided that his lens would stop at the end of the case ... Nevertheless, I admit that I enjoyed the play and learned from it. I liked the Ghanaian character veryaaaaaaaaaaaa. A rare, unusual model in which beauty, intelligence, prudence, intuition, and grace meet. She left behind the people&#39;s conversations about her and her reputation that mouths had left without looking to remove from her dress what the people had thrown at her .. The Sultan liked me despite his model, who rarely found what we find in our long history, he decided to acknowledge the problem and face it and chose the method of confrontation even if it was at the expense of his throne and perhaps his life and he refused To choose the easiest way, which is to reap head after head and raise his position when he decided to take responsibility for his decision despite what he encountered from pitfalls. To respect his word, even if I have it, until he becomes a slave of Ghanaian .. The Minister: He always talks from the standpoint of authority which necessarily means power, regardless of other considerations. He thinks that he is serving his country and turning a blind eye to the fact that he is mainly serving himself. Slavery and the responsibility of knowledge: Knowledge carried a distant slave by him so he decided to throw it and almost dumped it to take his life. But our Lord is covering. Judge: I kind of liked it. The length of the play remained the man of truth, the famous sword, who rejected any path except the truth. Unfortunately, however, he finally decided to manipulate the law. The cleric can manipulate the law when he wants to manipulate and he is the symbol of the cleric who has existed throughout the ages since the era of the priests of Amun, up to on Friday, taking into account the differences. The executioner remains the executioner: that brute hand whose mind has shrunk and replaced by an ear, you only hear the orders. Muezzin: Adhan twice. One time to save slavery and the other to save himself. The most beautiful thing in the play is the dialogue that took place between the Ghanaian and the judge during the auction and the strength of her argument in response to the judge&#39;s manipulation. The most beautiful of it is the dialogue of Ghanaian and Sultan. Attitudes are what determine the person’s personality, his present, and his future. More importantly, taking the position is his steadfastness. The words of people have no value unless you decide to live in captivity
For the people of Al-Dad, a great book of great benefit. Enjoy whatever
A while ago, I did not read a translation work that merged like this novel. A novel you live and live in you. Despite its shortness, it is so deep, so deep that you feel its troubles, its mother, and its movements in you. To live with Elena on her day and her hardships. Mayas was describing the feelings very precisely and also with extreme pain. I did not appreciate a translated novel, as I estimated this novel. I think any of the words you said would be infinitesimal with depth. It is not comprehensive and not appreciated
A beautiful book on the content .. quiet with evening coffee ... the lesson from it is that the most beautiful things do not come when we are beautiful, but rather they come to beautify us. Adapted from the author
Each writer has his own style, style, and type in which he creates the only heat alone for Mahfouz, the countryside for Shalaby, and political realism for you alone. I really created this novel. It is a masterpiece that I truly felt in front of an enormous information store. Very fun
I was very impressed with the place, comfort and luxury. The hotel is very beautiful, the location is beautiful, the view is very excellent, the colors of the furniture are comfortable and distinctive, the balcony is great and spacious in the rooms, spacious and spacious.
Sweet . The internet is excellent .. Reservation is not confirmed until after the first night’s value is withdrawn. Visitors do not exceed the number allowed to stay in the room. Bathroom items are incomplete. There are no panels, please do not disturb.
Pain when pain is embodied in a book .. a few lines inhabited by pain. A mass of surgeons bleed in love for the land of Palestine ... from the catastrophe and from the orange trees ... from children who left their childhood by leaving the homeland ... and other children who lost their lives. On the refugee camps and misery .. On the joy of the refugees in the arrival of the Arab armies to Palestine..and on the stories of death ... and with them the stories of steadfastness and resistance .. about those who were martyred in the land of sad orange and who have not yet been martyred .. about a tragedy embodied in a homeland. And in every description of the alienation of the Palestinians, it appears before the eyes of the camps of our people on the border ... In every description of leaving the houses, Kanafani says I remember the moments when we ran away with our skins from our home, and our city, to solve strangers in cities, what was closest to us yesterday, and what is more distant from our homes Today . As he talks about the death camp, I remembered ... Zaatari? Syria was Syria in front of me. How big is the similarity between the land of the sad orange and the land of the sad jasmine ... very large. The deeper the coexistence inside it, as if you are visiting Palestine .. you will hear with him the waves of the Sea of Acre. Taste the Jaffa orange ... and the magic of the sand ... and the mighty glory. Quotes from a book written yesterday, but it tells the pain of today, Syria, Egypt ... and others. . Want to know my crime? Do you really care to know or are you an innocent curious sir? I poured out without realizing all the milk contents on top of an employee and I told him that I do not want to sell my country ... in a moment of madness or a moment of reason, I don&#39;t know ... They put me in a deep cell to say that it was a moment of madness ... but I, In that dungeon, I realized more than any moment ago that it was the only moment of reason in my entire life .... seriously, really painful and not over yet ... We will one day return there, maybe not me, maybe not my son, and maybe also not my grandson. But going back for sure, may we find the oranges that we left ... sad
Excellent if not for the open buffet. The room is excellent and comfortable. The open buffet breakfast is very normal and is less than the hotel level
Sweet, but hours, I felt that if it was colloquial, it would be better, and hours I would see that it was not useful for you to write other than this:
Creative is the writer who prompts you to think and research all that is written. Advice for anyone who wants to read the book, put aside any type of intolerance
Praise be to God, we enjoyed worshiping in the Prophet&#39;s Mosque and praying in the honorable kindergarten. Its proximity to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. The space of the rooms is small
Wonderful. The calm. Cleanliness. The receptionist was very friendly and helpful. I think his name is Jamal ....
No comment, I just say that I am still reading it from period to period
After spending the last five hours, starting at midnight and ending at morning going out, I came out with what assured me that falling in love is nothing but madness. I read thirty chapters in love and familiarity, and I came out with thirty reasons not to love
Ajwan&#39;s novel is a creative work because it contains human dialogue areas written with delicate feelings in which passion mixes with pleasure. The style was interesting and sophisticated, although it was the first novel I read in my life, and it was very enjoyable and wonderful. The parts are left, I want to know something that can be seen from time to time, may God help you.
very good. . To be honest, it is too expensive in the refrigerator. The room and the tubular are bad for the value.
Wonderful and sad
Wonderful. not delicious. I didn&#39;t like the price
I love Rabie Jaber&#39;s writings since I read Druze Belgrade. The story revolves around Mohamed El-Gharnati&#39;s long journey to find his brother, Al Rabie, who disappeared a year ago. A beautiful and light novel in which I liked Rabie Jaber&#39;s method of narration of places all over the globe in my journey from Granada, from Andalusia to North Africa, through Jerusalem and the end of Antioch. A fun and short novel that deserves four stars
Exceptional. For children of high standard. the bed
Now I have finished reading it and I think I will not know how much I am grateful to its author Dr. Ahmed Khairy Al-Omari and Dr. Abdul Rahman Zakir, who pointed it to me, so that I read it repeatedly and become an integral part of my awareness and my work .. I would definitely recommend reading it and returning to it from time to time, so once is not enough ..
A long and enjoyable journey through time and space focusing on God in the thought and experiences of different peoples. Perhaps he who does not have spiritual experiences will not understand it and experience this sacred. The interior that enlightens the soul and brings people to the highest levels of peace and awareness. These experiences without which everything is dry, meaningless and easy to dispense with because it is of no benefit from the original ......... I think we all lack the meaning of the faith that Karen Armstrong presented as an axiomatic concept to the ancient peoples in this book and it is the faith that enlightens The human being connects him with God and makes his life fruitful. It is not the faith that is focused only on the faith ... the faith that we see in every time the other people who have absolute truths wrestle on it ..... the disabled faith that is in return for not believing death ... A lot of intolerance and strange acts abnormal in the name of God in which one deceives oneself by turning spiritual experiences into Pratt emotionality. What disagreed most with him was her focus on experiences only and disrespect for those who wrote about knowing God through knowledge ..... because I do not always encourage the unilateral path of anything .... we are more complex beings than we imagine in a way that makes us know the truth from Different ways, no according to what suits him ... In my opinion: science has survived, clarified, and light that cannot be dispensed with in knowing God, but it is not enough for him ..... without our test with God falling under the control of the incompetent, fluctuating, and changing science. Always. I strongly recommend reading it to everyone looking for the truth with all his feelings. May illuminate ways to help him on his journey
I hope to read the book
I just finished reading the novel, in the beginning frustration was the one controlling me, but this feeling evaporated during reading due to the elaborate dramatic plot of the novel, the novel is a first-rate drama and the writer abandoned the plot of suspense, excitement, crime and metaphysics that his first three novels celebrated especially his adorable blue elephant Which entered the short list of the Arab Booker Prize and I pray to God for the author to reconcile .. In terms of evaluation, the novel is very good and the characters are very mature and there is no character in the novel that you do not feel and the most affected person is the character of the Armenian rose, which the writer chose to express In it is his narration followed by the personality of Abdul Qadir Al-Jin, not to mention the personality of Ahmed Kira, who is the protagonist in the first place .. The writer chose a very accurate time period in our contemporary history, which are the events that preceded the March revolution and the subsequent events that changed the history of the country through the exile of leader Saad Zaghloul. Then he returned again to Egypt and Egypt obtained the first elected legislative council and the overthrow of the Wafd Party headed by Saad Pasha Zaghloul and his formation of the government until the novel ended with the resignation of Saad Zaghloul in general in an undisclosed and largely successful projection from my point of view on the current political tensions in the Egyptian arena And your dramatic love for your love is very subtle On his commemoration of the memory of one of the forgotten heroes of the revolution of Ahmed Abdel Hayy Kira, who is one of the members of the secret organization that was then called the Black Hand, which adopted the revenge operations from the British army at that stage until he was assassinated in Istanbul, Turkey, at that time by the British intelligence, and the novelist mentioned That story, with distinctive dramatic additions, leave it to the readers, out of respect for their right to discover the novel .. In conclusion, my message to the distinguished writer Ahmed Murad I say: Satisfying all people is an unimaginable goal, and just as diversity is required, specialization is also required ... Shout this out, A Canals Bala Bnaked or Mtelmz or Mstkkawi ... waiting for the next novel on pins and needles, and I know you will return to the old line, greetings to all.
I liked it very much, especially because I love horror movies, and I felt that I would see the movie in my brain, and I would not read. Astonished with pure boredom from the many details, on the contrary, I enjoyed it very much. To determine the shape of events in my brain. I liked that there are some historical figures, and I originally date alone when I read it with fear, I don&#39;t know why, and my fear of history is more::. The first time I conclude a novel with speed de: I found it difficult to sleep a little bit scared to sleep. But I liked the novel, and it is really breathtaking.
good. . Payment is required to use Wi-Fi. The first Nojoom Hotel does not provide free Wi-Fi
A beautiful book, I was attracted to see the distinguished writer of the Bedouins and his living with them for a period of his life there as well as his talk about farmers and spending time in the countryside of Egypt, his talk about the Palestinian issue was different and his efforts in introducing the Japanese to it through translation. Despite the length of his experience, which exceeded forty years, the writer was stingy in presenting it, and this book did not exceed a page.
good. The service is excellent and the place is beautifully worth a visit. nothing
Thanks but it is necessary to evolve. . Not to return the tea and the power if executed from the kitchen / internet is weak
She said it as if she was playing an amusing game: This is the end, Hussein. Every time you ask me this question, Leyla. Hussein’s character is almost the only hero that I loved in all the novels that I made in my life, to the extent that his words in the novel were stuck in my brain, very wonderful, the most beautiful characteristic of romantic non-superficial
excellent . All mentioned excellent. nothing
Exceptional. Be in a crowded place. nothing
Everyone said wonderful, but I hope to read it
When you read it, you will know the needs of: Meaning of sincerity. The meaning of a group who disobeys the heart of a woman atonement. You will know, what is a person afraid of dying and creating any need so that this feeling is lost? You will know what is the only need that evacuates a person thrives in his life ... in himself. You will know, what is instinct, you can reach the truth through a grain of questions, in need of knowledge or education ... and that all that is required is the sanctification of reason and the removal of sanctification from anything else
Wonderful. The quality of the beds, bedspreads, pillows, room cleanliness and good reception by the staff. There is not enough lighting in the room and the lack of a phone center. Problems obtaining a difficult position, as well as not on the apartments, any sign indicating the apartments.
Exceptional. A classy and family friendly hotel, thank the hotel management and all the staff. nothing
A shocking and realistic narration that we see in ourselves and in those around us, as if we live in a bubble made by the white man&#39;s world for us. But will we be able to board the lifeboat?
How much pain does a person experience in his homeland? Is it the job of the homelands to torture their children? Is it not possible for a person to be free, generous, or even a human being in his homeland? Questions that you will ask yourself when you end this book and other Syrian prison literature. Heba was the ordinary girl here ... it is not the book to dedicate cases of torture and their description, etc. as in the case, for example ... rather, it is a picture of the prisoner&#39;s natural life ... illness, hunger, strike, personal conflicts, psychological pain, longing. The most amazing thing ... passion and motherhood ... inside the prison ... here ... Heba wrote honestly, and she killed herself again, to commemorate and facts that should not die. After I entered the daughter of the family .. She went out and did not find the family ... The family had been killed in Hama, and the gift of this injustice was recorded in one of the most crying and painful chapters. And now ... here is the gift ... the bold, powerful girl who has been challenging injustice in prison ... also announcing her outside the prison ...: //. /. May God have mercy on your family, gift ... and congratulate them in their gardens
A book with a lot of madness and a lot. I benefited from the growth of many workbooks. It took me time because I did not like to read quickly and because I benefited from it. Good reward to Dr. Khaled Abu Shadi Lanu, a wonderful book
Exceptional. Great for families. nothing
It was only Al-Saftfa .. Al-Saftah is the one who signed that book on my way ... I borrowed it from the daughter of my colleague ... And the reason I knew this man ... The book was more than wonderful ... and it should not be read only by young people ... Parents also ...:
Palestine Hotel Mecca. . There was a big problem with the car
The Russians and Russian Literature Ann Ann Aaaah ... Regardless of what is said about him ... let us be neutral ... fun to the fullest extent and her idea familiar frankly not new. But the template that I express with the idea through it is something beyond description ..... and get rid of in one seat, the number of its pages is small and sincere ... I want to confirm it as well:
Praise be to God who taught the pen an anthropologist what he did not know
The writer&#39;s style is very sweet, the narration in general is sweet, but the anomaly and the details of the subject are disgusting, a little bit, and I see that it is not suitable for girls, and the novel is not related to horror, a pure horror, who are you people?
Stayed in Alwaleed Plus, very, very, very wonderful. Cleanliness and quietness, no inconvenience, and the furniture is excellent. The value of housing was an amount in which there was some thing and there was a delay for us, where we entered the hour at noon and sat down to the text of the hour by arguing that they were cleaning the room with our right at the time of leaving the hour completely, and the reception asked us to come out with our workers, they were late, and I was late, I wish they would find a solution
Great and important
Answer more questions
Wonderful. Everything is beautiful and clean.
This book is the first time that his village has completed its text. I was tight in the way of the narration and the style of dialogue, but the goal was empty for me ... and today I gave him a second chance, but this time I was astonished by words. On the contrary, I felt a great distortion between vocabulary, terminology, personalities and application on the ground .. But the world began to change again and really came up with the goal of the writer .. The story is wonderful and for a young writer who talks about love in an unconventional form, this is a great need to add to it. In this book, he collected every need and love for love from different perspectives, and I also talk about the problems that threaten him. And the pools of the world like that, not to catch up with solutions .. a beautiful benefit and great suspense to the last moment with the characters and the story itself and a great significance. The only need that I took on the writer is the word that did not have any necessity and which actually reduces the value of the speech .. Although the vernacular style is often taken on the writer, I only see that it only works for the style. Because the writer&#39;s goal is that the idea was communicated, and I think that Arabic was going to take us to the imagination away from the significance ... A big greeting to the writer, and it will not be the last book, God willing:
good. no thanks.
Very suitable for children
Excellent location and comfortable rooms. . Please have simple bathroom amenities, the same as the second hotels
. One of the best hotels on campus, not to mention the professionalism of the staff, everything was comfortable .. Prices are expensive so maybe they are quick to fulfill all your requests:.
Wonderful. Nice clean hotel close to the sanctuary and rooms are spacious. Wi-Fi in the rooms is not functional
good. I liked the apartment design and decoration. There is no remote control for the air conditioner
The novel does not indicate at all that it is the first novel of the writer ... I think that many attempts have preceded it even if it was not published in order to produce for us this wonderful novel in terms of a very elaborate plot and multiple attractions with a simple and enjoyable style ... Really I created the writer and While reading, you feel the effort involved in writing ..... As for the novel, it makes you leave reading from time to time to think and reflect on how many secrets disappear about small, simple things ... and how simple actions are of great meaning and meaning For other people .... and how the right must appear no matter how long it takes, we must always stick to it Hope ..... The good novel makes me confused ... It brings me to the end of it and I want to slow down to enjoy it as long as possible .. And the memory bags are from this type of narration
The luxury address. The breakfast was great despite its simplicity, the service was excellent and the performance of the staff was excellent. The bed was comfortable and elegant. Children should not be rented or allowed to drive golf cars, and management must be firm in this matter
very good. It was a big room. The room is disorganized and interior
Great, I hope to see a movie one day.
Weird
I find my comfort in Hilton City. Brotherhood in the reception, they were at the top of high-end dealings, and I remember from them the honorable brother Islam and the honorable brother Muhammad Ali, may God reward them for us. I hope that the level of breakfast improves to the level of Mecca Hilton in terms of quality and service provided. This does not mean that the level of the city Hilton is not good, but very good.
A novel in my belief that it is the most beautiful .. Some people may see it as superficial or as a cinematic movie only to watch it for fun, but this novel carries meanings and ideas that are quietly passing through your mind without causing you a fuss .. I see that everyone needs to infiltrate those meanings into his mind but quietly ..
Worth a visit again. The staff is very confused and helpful. Room cleanliness is excellent. The view is very impressive. The location is great. The bar in the first floor annoys some of the drunks sometimes
Excellent, and thanks for your complete customer satisfaction. Dough adaptation of the room and beautiful medical bed and preparatory kitchen, which includes all the requirements of the kitchen, caustic and fun pool with the organization of the room and identify customers according to their requirements. Paying the amount of dirhams for parking / early check-out at one hour, and it is assumed that the hour is evening and according to the person’s readiness
Very beautiful . His view of the Prophet’s Mosque, its proximity to Al-Baqi, and most importantly its proximity, and its view of the Holy Grave in Al-Rawdhah. The presence of a restaurant in the hotel and its presentation of varied and excellent meals at reasonable prices and the abundance of shops in the region and the near pick from it and if I see that the hotel restaurant is much better and the presence Several small groceries in the region in a wonderful short, and, God willing, I will choose it next time. Please write the address clearly and link it to the gates of the Prophet&#39;s Mosque and the distinctive signs in the area because I had to Bad Laf contacted the hotel to know the exact address
Jamila cried me in her flanks:. When the homeland will be permitted, everything will be permitted. And the world will become a major market for slavery in man. Cheaper than dirt on earth. Ratified:
Beautiful hotel. I liked the cleanliness of the hotel and the excellent staff represented by each of the female staff at the reception, Christine, and me, and Sinhali, all of them thanks.
Lebanon can not be opened for you. One of the best places in Hafar Al-Batin, in terms of cleanliness, comfort and excellent service. There is no
I hesitated a lot before reading the novel ... The famous film made the novel known events in advance for me .. But when I read the novel and found it much better than I imagined .. Even more beautiful than the movie .. And I did not feel any absence in suspense because of my knowledge of the events of the film . The narrative method is indeed excellent .. Amin Yusef Ghurab does not tend to describe much ... but she elaborates on the description with enviable ingenuity in the situations that need to be described ... for example, the room where the hero inhabits .. the woman he sees..etc etc. from a description of events Necessary .. The description here is not a filling of space and full of pages, but it is used to draw a picture that the reader needs about the environment and about people when introducing them for the first time, then he leaves to leave the development of events her chance .. and it is something that I liked very much ... events are accelerating and you do not feel it With what kind of fabrication or intercalation ... they all serve perfectly the upward line of the dramatic plot in the story ... I did not feel Desire throughout the story&#39;s events is to skip any paragraphs ... which is something very rare to happen to me. Although the topic of the novel is the woman&#39;s seduction of the young man as it is known, the novel does not fall into the quagmire of sexual indecency that we find in many new literary writings ... even the scene of seduction itself was one of the shortest scenes in the story .. Sex is not a target in the extent of The same in the novel .. On the moral side, the novel condemns the fall ... and does not call it as something defective, as is the case, for example, in the writings of Naguib al-Mahfouz .. Rather, the hero falls after a long psychological struggle .. It is understandable, it is natural for a person to sin but It is never natural for a person to fall in the same way as the aberration mentioned in many other accounts. Falling is a possible consequence of psychological struggle ... but it is not an inevitable result .. Resistance may succeed and may fail .... The entire characters were alive .. You can understand the aspects and motives of each individual&#39;s personality ... The innocent teenage girl ... The young man The naive countryman ... the fallen lover ... the disadvantaged woman ... the insured rural family ... are all completely real and realistic characters ... the novel is truly integrated ...
I almost started this novel from how many weeks. I want to read it again. What is this ????. Hard to be blown away. Oh, in boredom, because the narration is many, and the events are very much. But seriously you entered me in another world
A book that reads your details with pain, sometimes cynical. Thank God, that sometimes I will not like that scorn irony, I do not like it openly. Many corners of the book resembled those of me. Maybe I could hardly understand a few words. But inevitably, in my second reading, the mystery will be resolved. I wanted to if the book still reads these details more. It is not enough to just draw a plate and jump to draw another. As if sometimes he deliberately opened all your pain and ran for his pain to tell you. You acted. . The book hurt me in one paragraph, crying .... I want to buy it on paper
Wonderful. I liked the morals of the reception staff and workers, as well as we requested an extension of the exit time, and they agreed to that on every face screen. The internet is weak and the price is somewhat overrated
Hmmm, what will you say? . . . What will you say . .. The most beautiful thing about it is that it is very entertaining, fast-moving and smooth-language. And for the first time, I would say on the need that if it were longer and in more detail, it would be much more beautiful. Ustik need means:
Exceptional. Everything, the hotel liked the services, handling and location of the hotel. Prices for drinks, the refrigerator is very high and a price is calculated when calling the hotel service from the room phone
Exceptional. The hotel is very excellent arranged views. Eating for a restaurant other than standard hotel is inappropriate compared to hotels with the same Movenpick and Raffles Tower
I love whoever you are, you are his paradox
How was the Middle East a hundred years ago what was called the Middle East, as is currently recognized? Was Palestine, Jordan, Syria, Iraq, or ... it was like this a hundred years ago? . When the world imperialist powers meet, fight and fight in the division of the colonial legacy without being aware of the danger of deciding the fate of peoples, they only know anything about them other than the crusts = then the First World War. I watched this video a few days ago, and it was then midway through the book. : //. . / = .... And I found it true because this is what actually happened in the Sykes-Picot agreement or the peace conference in which the spoils were distributed among the victors. It is really absurd that one of the colonists whims with the displacement of this line a little to change from an Egyptian citizen for example to a Palestinian citizen suffering occupation . The book contains an enormous amount of information and the citation of documents, and this is what distinguishes the people of the West. They know the truth of what is going on behind the scenes after a certain period of time. . The mistake I made while reading this book is the absence of the map about me and not using the paper and the pen to write down the names of officials and linking them to events on the map .. If I was without this status, I strongly recommend it.
Fit for a short break, not for fun. Cleanliness .. Fast registration .. Dealing with reception staff .. Price for location and services. The hotel is clean, because it is new, but it is a mid-range hotel, and it lacks a lot of things.
Why did they knock the walls of the tank. A novel that aroused sadness in myself ... Thus, the Palestinian is wherever he goes and wherever he finds it he finds death with him ... a creative confession in drawing pain in his words ..
Excellent. Design, staff and hygiene. The internet is not free
The fifth book that I read to Amin Maalouf, who confirmed to me that he is an important writer and has established himself among the thinkers whose works will continue for many years to come .. Thus, Amin Maalouf finished his book that my grandson might discover it one day, and he accidentally became an adult in the family library, browsed it and read some of his pages, then returned it immediately. To the shelf full of dust where he ate it, underestimating and surprising the need to say these things in the time when his grandfather lived. Conclusion in the way of a skilled writer, he writes peace for me and for you, and fights fear and insecurity that lie under the weight of the knot that leads to crime .. Asking many strong and deep questions, I have lived a rich experience with these few pages in their number and great in their content.
Mercy, humility, and the kind word is the most beautiful thing that a person leaves. everything. There is no
good. I have stayed in this hotel twice and I will present my experience and my evaluation to him as I see it fair, and not as some do so that when he writes an evaluation of a hotel like this he conjures up a hotel or star for comparison. The price of the hotel is very favorable, and it is an affordable price for its category. Convenient location and the most important thing is spacious parking. Sophisticated cooperation and reception from the well-mannered staff, and the speed of check-in and check-out. Executing requests quickly and generously from staff. Prices for some services are normal and without any exaggeration, such as washing and ironing clothes, groceries. Rooms are very good. Fast internet, with poor transmission in the rooms ... the mattresses are rough and uncomfortable. There is a sewage odor in the bathroom when the suction fan is turned on and the window and door are closed. Poor sound insulation and hearing the voices of other guests clearly in the rooms. Poor Wi-Fi, especially in the bedrooms. Not to clean and arrange rooms on a daily basis.
Peace of mind and relaxation. Luxury, sophistication, bathtub and hygiene.
Comfortable and homely. Great location and comfortable place to stay. The breakfast is very little compared to its price. The place is old and needs comprehensive and complete maintenance, especially the bathrooms. Maintenance is not by changing carpets or wallpaper. The lighting is very weak.
Relaxation. The pool and its services are good .Excellent hotel location. Delayed entry to the rooms until after hour, even if the rooms are ready for habitation
Exceptional. Everything was great in magnificence, the staff treated them very well, and the calmness in the place forces you to come back to it again.
Excellent. Do not disturb delivery at the end of the official delivery time. Entry of the wing cleaners without permission, Naim Zaaj
Everything is perfect except .... The staff are all ready and smiling. Breakfast is excellent. Cleanliness of the room. Close to the campus. I suggest to the hotel a dish of thanksgiving dish for the rest of the food. The annoying of the fans of the air conditioning, the room that was next to us and between us and between them, the door of what they let us sleep in, God fixes them. All that is gone is enough. I hear the crying of the child who is with them as sirens.
Honeymooners. Site hygiene furniture. the prices
Exceptional. . The toilet must be provided with a shattaf lock
Excellent . Suhoor meal was excellent as was the bed.
Exceptional. I liked everything, the hotel is absolutely faultless.
. . When the end begins, as soon as the beginning is awakened, this is definitely evidence of the existence of other lives that we will live in after our ignorance, just as it happened in the doubt of the menon, under love we create a lot of meetings, talks and features that we fear that we may encounter the worlds because of them, and which Swana does not know, but The suspicion of passion within our voices soon flourishes, between our dreams, and in our divergent view of this universe, and how the power of that love is able to change us, and to inject us with great daring and audacity so that we stand in front of the prestige of their conversations with great confidence, despite our sin and our emotional misfortune, And how can we not do while we are fools of love with our full emotional awareness h Here we are in doubt, I found my abundance, and found me among the hadiths of Fares and Nawal a lot, between the rebellion and daring of Nawal, between the depth of Faris and his spiritual maturity, between all the details that were not written to read only, but until we see it a lot inside our society that we are trying to coexist With him in the most peaceful way, as he is trying to do it, too, but in the end we do not succeed in meeting, or even walking in parallel with, all the existing processes between our traditions and our norms that cannot be changed or exchangeable, always we will always struggle with all the inevitable mori, only until we raise the flag of peace And staying freely entrusted to us, but in the end we are back when we are disappointed in all its aspects Life and even from the aesthetic of love that they tried to distort, they succeeded with that .. Iyad Abdul Rahman, this name that I was and is still betting on the intelligence of his pen, on the depth of his letter, on his sprawling philosophy about all the details that no other writer, any pal, can give to it. He succeeded in this and strongly told me how many writers have succeeded in embodying the woman&#39;s voice, in contradicting her emotions and with her strange and mysterious temperament in a previous book? How many writers really succeeded, speaking with her tongue as she does are very few succeeded in that, and Iyad inevitably including them. Iyad spoke with the tongue of the oppressed, the horrific, the expected in the name of passion, just as no female did, and this matter is very calculated for him. This narration must be nominated for the Booker And strongly to the strength of its message, and to the extremism of its feelings, and to the conflict of social classes in it, it is a dramatic work that will definitely witness for Lebanon, and this is what Iyad says about it, and because you are a friend of my pen, it is difficult to compliment you and my evaluation of your narration is not true to what I feel, but I am very proud of this masterpiece Literary that must be read carefully and sincerely with complete reverence as happy and God is sure that the doubt is The crown of your diligent pen that my loyalty has never failed him and from after the screens I applaud you forever and never all the best for you my friend my evaluation of her / on the mysterious start, on the strong and very coherent plot, on the captivating narration, on the raging social message between events, on The touching ending, on the glamorous title, and on the enchanting cover, is honest. Do not hesitate to read this work
As usual, Paul Sussman in his narrative, cinematic in character, moves between different places and times in a very smooth and magnificent way, but the characteristic of the hidden oasis is the overwhelming incursion into Egyptian places and landmarks that may be originally unknown to the Egyptians themselves, and it is a pleasure in itself to read an interesting novel that takes place in Egypt and the southwest of it in the so-called Great Gulf Plateau .. It became clear that Paul Sussman is a novelist who knows very well how to choose his characters well, smart, archaeologists, specialists and professionals in their field .. And whoever reads the previous two versions of this novel will perhaps suffer from some frustration for the emergence of Joseph&#39;s personality Successor of the Evil Investigator Taha Al-Aqsari is timidly in only one scene in the middle of the novel, and for those who do not know Youssef Khalifa .. she is an extremely complex, realistic and beautiful character and she is the main character in the two previous versions of this novel .. However, he may be blamed on a novel whose English writer hired his deep knowledge of Egypt, not only On the level of archeology, but it reached the landfills of Manshiyya Nasser and fanatics of the fanatical Al-Ahly club that, even though most of its events are located in the oasis and the Great Gulf, it did not fully give its rights to the Bedouins from where its writer wanted to make them keep the secret the secret of the hidden oasis, so he reminded them shyly in the front of the novel and its conclusion , in time What you find novels, which of course is not an argument over other narratives, such as the narration of the exiles of the Lord Ashraf Ashraf Khamisi penetrates deep into the depths of the people of the same region entering .. Through my reading of this narration I was keen to search for places or tools used in building the novel .. And I harvested a lot this time by knowing the places New as ... Abydos in Sohag, Mut, the Dakhla Oasis, the Great Gulf, the Great Sand Sea, Jabal al-Owainat, and new tools, such as the plane they used to cross the desert and the anti-matter missile isomers. Even Hajar ibn bin in ancient Egyptian mythology I had never heard of it before ... In all, any place, even if it was a desolate desert, turns in Paul Sussman&#39;s novels into an enigmatic place.
Exceptional. . Parking is shared with a clinic next to the hotel, there is no plate for the hotel
One of the most enjoyable things I have read about the Prophet’s companions .. The book is always open for viewing and reading a personal or two every time to sharpen anxiety and take lessons.
Sweet, please, but expensive and eat less
Simple, beautiful language and deep into a religious person, he suddenly found himself in a ruthless prison. The story&#39;s events revolve around the narration of the test that this innocent person was subjected to, and his reactions and thoughts about the details of his ordeal. Through individual experience, it appears that the writer wanted to be exposed to concepts within political Islam and debt trading, whether from within religion or from international powers. A value novel is shorter than I expected, although I expect another part, often, to review the backgrounds of the Egyptian revolution in. Different from the previous work of the writer, but there is never a difference in style, as this is a point to be calculated for the writer
I felt as though Marquis was expressing the people of Gaza
A wonderful novel that summarizes the atmosphere of the 1940s in Egypt and how what is societal leads to what is purely political. The era of King Fouad, the ruler of Egypt and Sudan, and how the parties are in a strange union of spectrums from the Communist, to the Islamic of the modernist and the conservative, all for the sake of overthrowing the regime. A fun novel from the first page to the last page.
A beautiful book ... proves that martyrdom will not stand a barrier between the diligent and the ascension of the ladder of glory ... and explains the difference between the educated and the educated ..
I loved getting to know the Roma and their lives after listening to this song. : //. . / = .... Despite her few words, she penetrated my soul. I was amazed at the fact that they adhered to their beliefs and musical heritage, and although they embraced different religions, they clung to their legends.
Wonderful. . The lack of diversity in breakfast is repeated daily
Trip to Mars comes to complete a shortage in the library of the Arabic novel and a break in the type of science fiction novel in which the likes of Dr. Talib Omran and Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud efforted, and identifies with this march to contradict what we expect from it as a Hollywood movie that raises the repeated idea of invading space and fighting Invented adventures with strange creatures, so the novel focuses on the human side, especially on the ground before Adam leaves for the unknown .. The novel was filled with psychological projections between the myths of the first two as it appears from the names of its heroes and between the horrific end that awaits us if we forget to focus on the human essence And his heart before we send him in a jump New civilizations came, and even the centrality of Adam in the novel is similar to the superior belief that prevailed for centuries of the centrality of the earth in the universe, not to mention the double-headed pen and bulletproof cups and suicide in the Roman style whose empire ceased to exist only in profit and expansion and forgot man .. Recalling that this novel is the first and most promising novel production, I recommend this novel to the emerging generation because of the general information and philosophical discussions it provides without complication or confusion, so that they concentrate in their minds to fix their feet well on the ground before they topple their heads into space.
very good. The view is beautiful, on the fountain, a room barrier, and a swapper for a suite. The brightness was scared by Jadin
A beautiful book, I loved it very much, and I enjoyed every line. I read the book “Malush”.
good. Because I was staying on the seventh floor, I don&#39;t hear any shriek. This is what I liked Hahahahahaha. When I enter a hotel, I find crazy hospitality like tea, milk and sugar, but there is money for it
How much she loved the author ... and her style is beautiful, as if embracing her big heart and words. Lover women who are overwhelmed by their stupid matters ... the amount of the writer&#39;s method of stripping away from remembrance and resorting to forgetting is a very, very, very great thing ... and with every word, my candor persuades me. I laugh at the stupidity in which we women, Thanks for the size of the sky ... grateful to you
I recommend visiting it. I was blockading the old building and I was transferred to the new building at the same price. The reception staff were very ethical. There is no
good. Everything is beautiful. Lack of room facilities and poor Wi-Fi
A distinctive and new way to navigate between the time periods that the novel talks about by using the most important events and news headlines during that period for suspense and attracting attention, especially for those who did not live that period
good. Helpful, lovely hotel.
After Samarawyit, I intended to read more from Hajji Jaber, and from Eritrea .. In this book, sadness is embodied in its best forms, hunger, poverty, injustice, oppression, misery and misery, woe and the kind of torment ... a journey of the wandering: from Fatima&#39;s berth to Mascara Sawa recruitment ,. Passing through the state of Shafta, led by bandits and smugglers. To the refugee camp in Sudan, Al-Shujrab. Return to Fatima Marina where all paths begin and end.
Exceptional. The staff is great. Eating is not the required amount
Rather, it is wandering on earth and drunkenness with this dangerous drink that we call the love of freedom and which is costing us. How effective that phrase is. The first novel I read to Taha Hussein. Revenge and love. Customs and customs and their role in both cases. Would love erase the desire for revenge? The answer was somewhat shocking with this account. I deserved the time I read it
Exceptional. Everything is well received, hospitality, and a special thanks to Professor Marwa El-Dahinah, the pinnacle of sophistication in dealing. nothing
Wonderful. The design of the hotel is beautiful and the rooms are beautiful and a delicious breakfast. There is not enough parking for the hotel&#39;s few guests
His luxury and comfort. I liked the quietness and comfort of the place, the sound of birds in the morning, the breakfast and the views were on the yacht club. The price is very exaggerated and they took advantage of me at the time of checkout to pay an additional amount and I have not yet recovered it
good. Location, parking, toilet toilet. Room floor dirt The smell of cigarettes in the room
very good . Proximity to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. There is no
. Are we from any religion? . We kept plucking the sun ... and not shadowing it. Damna pierces the sword. But we were humiliated. Some of us shorten the whole world. Other than me, if we all get together. We came next to zero few. . Where are we from? to where ?. and what ? And why? Occupied regimes until their noses. And the people of her blood are independent. And armies in hostilities are shaded. Countries laugh tears and his family:. One of two states. State in between. Mortgaged state, and the throne is a religion .. a state that is nothing but a well and its palm. A smaller country than the ant&#39;s ant. A country falling at sea. If the ruler moved his leg. A state without a president ... and a president without a state. . . I still walk. The tract has narrowed with my eyes. Fajr face are you And deadly. Show me the doors of the kingdoms:. You are lost. You are lost ... but I still walk. My crying cry, my wounds. And my tears. From crying the wound laughed.
Very rigid, the first time I read a need about church life and monasteries, and the atmosphere is all in it. New top information and many places. The first time I hear about it. The narration style is very beautiful. It is clear that Youssef Zidan has a distinctive style that I liked. Overall a fun novel
Comfortable and clean. Cleanliness and location. There are no shaded parking spaces, the water is very hot, skin skin in summer, the price is very high, breakfast is acceptable
Nickrovilia. It&#39;s a short story ... Despite the size that&#39;s okay at all, it&#39;s a short story. Despite the darkness of the novel, the writer succeeded in grabbing your interest through the pages of the novel to the last page. Frankly, I stopped after reading the first page of the novel and was late in completing it due to a strong internal struggle. The modern writer wrote the apple of Adam describing the neck of a female, and it is known that females do not have one. It was K: Aah ... we started it with Baqah, the first poem is Kafr, so we will complete it. How does it all be based on what? But when I skipped that and started in it, I felt as if I was reading a story from what is published in my dear reader or the rest of the warrior .. The generation of the book that arose at the hands of the giants of the modern Arab establishment .. The story of threaded court, simply studied, has more depth than the display, simplicity Language and intense focus in the events resulted in the wonderful timeline. The story goes through a period of time that extends to its summit over three years, but the intense preparation and focused brief presentation combined the experience to feel or rather the reader not to feel any loss of the course. The characters in the story are well constructed, of course the palace of the story focused on the heroes, but the extreme extremism in the character of the hero was a little annoying and unjustified, so his portrayal of the image of the complete human being the heir to the Olympic throne at the beginning of the story did not entail what justifies the extremist change to that at the end, especially since What emerged from the features of his personality puts good psychological stability at all. Also, the fiancée&#39;s personality is essential, yet it was presented as a marginal figure, and her presence does not affect events at all. If it had not existed, the novel would not have been annoyed. I expect that if the novel was a movie, one of the basics of its transformation would be to find some space for the role of this character. Another point I would like to talk about. The new writer touched on a thorny issue in a hammered land ... the issue of sex, from a psychological point of view, in social shades, under the supervision of the world of horror ... a good theme to an end. Get back to sex, the writer&#39;s presentation here is a great example of what can convey an idea without cliche, especially since it is the heart of the story. The gradual increase in the presentation and the gradual increase in narrative details with the increase in the detection of ropes of events was a very good attempt for an issue that is not easy to describe .. Nine out of ten and a star by the writer:. One of the biggest indications of the writer&#39;s imperceptible contact with something in depth is what has become a lie in my sleep these days mixed with extreme exhaustion and boredom of the frequent accompanying intermittent mutants to me at night, although there is no horror in the story, but it touched a door deep And questions about what it is to feel necrophilia and whether it has anything to do with the enjoyment of rape. A great choice for a strong start and an influential sign in an expanding world. I look forward to another little longer experience this time with Sherine Hinai in her second wonderful doll box.
The book is indispensable to the seeker of knowledge and is not liberated from the independence of reason with his brother a message on the way to our culture. A collection of two-part articles written by Abu Fahr in the 1960s, after which he was imprisoned. I began with a bloody mistake committed by Louis Awad in distorting a house for Abu Ala. Louis did not know who was poet or the language of Arabs, but he was read with an open mind and wrote with a lexical pen. Abu Fahr distracted him and took it as an opportunity to explain the approach he is satisfied with. He was not limited to his responses to Ajax Awad, but he spoke about colloquialism and its danger. A book that its readers never regret. He finds beauty of language, splendor of thought, and Arab blood. It is a book. If I had chosen another name for it, it would be on the way to our predecessors. In it you find the way to criticize the news and the way to follow the word and its development
good. The service is good, no problems and the location is excellent, close to all services. The internet service is bad and weak, and the subject of the municipality tax, which was not mentioned when reserving the internet and then surprised at it upon arrival, although it is mentioned at the time of booking, that there are types of taxes and surprised by the fourth tax.
good. . Difficult to reach the Grand Mosque, where buses do not take long distances
Before and after .. another important date in the life of Egypt .. there are those who accept defeat and there are those who did not accept .. everyone is patriotic in their own way and from their point of view .. everyone crosses the border and believe that they are the ruler by his command that will remain for the last time in his authority .. nothing .. no Something remains .. and every person from his point of view is the best
Awesome! Expectation. Its location, cleanliness, white-covered lobby, room decoration, and bathroom are good. God bless you and has a stroke. There is no inconvenience from room service workers. Their system is in contact at noon.
One of the best books that inspires success and gives many of them. Really enjoyed this book and gave me pushes to continue this life full of hardships and obstacles
. You like the size of the rooms and the cleanliness. Wi-Fi is expensive, and the price is overrated
Real, shocked, and I can&#39;t find words to say. Firstly, my words were directed by the creator Mohamed Sadiq. I expected that you wouldn&#39;t appreciate after Hebta writing a novel on the same level. Secondly, the novel deserves reading for you. The wonderful feelings and sensations in which the thoughts of the novel&#39;s characters are expressed in personalities contemplate that death is life. Thank you. Mohammed Sadiq. Insta life. Muhammad sadiq
Comfort and hygiene are excellent. I am in a great improvement in dealing from last year and this year I am used to living in Rotana Park for comfort and calm.
To read a summary of the book’s idea ... click on the following link ....: //. . // ...
One of the best novels you&#39;ve read, you feel smooth, even as you read
I thank everybody . everything. nothing
You must return to the book and guide for ideas:
Meridian lover. Convenience cleaning service. The prices of tea and coffee are a piece of tea and a small tea up to the amount of riyals. Breakfast for one person is an egg, a piece of bread, and unlawful juice and juice. It is not permissible. I hope you look at this aspect.
Exceptional. Views of the marina.
In less than an hour, I did what I hadn&#39;t previously done. I read a novel with more than one characteristic. It is the writer&#39;s genius that draws you to devour the letters and not stop
Umrah trip. The location of the hotel is excellent, close to the Haram, above the shops, and the reception staff are helpful. The internet is very poor in the rooms
To live the Palestinian cause, not to read it by historical events or see empty news reports, live with a family of the people of Tantura, all wars, massacres and struggle before the partition went through until they became refugees, living with them the details of life, laughing, sad, frightening, crying, and rejoicing, You feel sadness in the distance, the band, and the diaspora, feel the key to the house around your neck, and tear your eyes the moment of encounter between the two ruins through the barbed wire, and it remains the dream of return.
Influential .. Fills us with an unfamiliar atmosphere, a unique situation and another form of alienation. A stranger filled with details and complications, the keys to her success are carried by tenaciously held habits, social norms, and the reality that imposes class and the roles employed for money, property, name and honor. What they are amid ignoring what one thinks or what reason sees.
When one compares the Turkish and Egyptian scene regarding military intervention in politics, there are similar and different needs: The people are often in favor of military intervention because of a political crisis ... The military in Turkey and Egypt with their popularity decreases a lot during and after the transitional period .. While the military in Turkey tends to enact unjust constitutions and laws in a crude manner, the military in Egypt is drafting reasonable constitutions and laws that appear It has justice, and Miltzmoch does not ... The military in Turkey will respect the electoral process completely, but simply they can turn the military over in Egypt by tending to control the electoral process. While the coup of an ideological and generational cracking within the Islamic movement in general in Turkey, the June events led to the unification of Islamic movements in Egypt .. Erdogan succeeded in eliminating the military through his liberal and democratic orientations and practices and his openness to all political currents, not through his Islamic tendencies The Turkish people unite behind the demand to join the European Union with its political elites and its social environment, and as the goal of Ataturkiy is what enabled Erdogan to amend the constitution and the story of the military wings in Turkey. Whereas, the supreme tendency towards the Muslim community of the Brotherhood is what enabled the military to return strongly to the political scene.
very good. Cleanliness. Its distance from the campus
Very cool hotel. Breakfast was great especially for sea view. My room was not ready and I waited ten minutes in the waiting room until it was broken
Exceptional. Fine deal, good cleanliness, and great price.
A journey in which many meanings started her journey when Qandil Muhammad al-Annabi Ibn Fatuma decided to leave his country, the land of Islam .. in search of perfection .. In a journey that he wanted to reach Dar Al-Jabal .. it is the house of perfection as he heard about it from his mentor Sheikh who married From his mother before the departure of Ibn Fatuma. The journey was scheduled to continue within the limits of one year only .. However, following the events made her take a lot of the age of Ibn Fatuma .. so that at the end of his life would be approximately fifty years or more than a little. The late Ibn Fatuma started his journey after leaving Dar Al-Islam until he reached Dar Al-Mashriq .. He was amazed at what he saw .. He saw people who do not know the meaning of civilization in any way .. Their life in it is primitive and simple, making him in astonishment from what he saw .. they were completely naked. Their religion was worshiping the moon ... where they gathered when the moon became full to worship, celebrate and dance .. and they saw that they were the happiest people on earth with their life ... Ibn Fatuma was sentenced to expulsion from the Orient House and to differentiate between him and his new companion a bride and his three sons who gave birth to it. To start a new journey with one of the convoys heading to Dar Al-Heera, he found people from the horror of the living He is still alive .. they worship the King God .. The king is the owner of everything, as he is also the idol .. And all the fruits belong to him so that he can spend from them whatever he wants .. The days pass and before Ibn Fatuma goes ... He is punished unjustly and treacherously incarcerated for life Days and years pass, and all prisoners lose hope, until hope revives again, and the army commander turns against the King God .. He releases Ibn Fatuma and the rest of the prisoners as an amnesty for all those convicted during the reign of the King ... Then a new journey begins, where Ibn Fatuma arrives at a house The arena .. where freedom .. where society sanctifies a person and sanctifies his freedom .. where coexistence between people with a disordered Their thoughts, beliefs, and religion .. where rulers are elected every ten years ... where a society that resembles a secular society understands our current concept .. to live days that are one of its best days .. and marries a doctor who is sublime and has three children from her .. and practices trade for a while ... He decides to continue his journey, to return later to his wife and children ... He leaves the Dar of the Ring towards the House of Safety where there is a civilization that does not differ greatly from its predecessor .. Everyone works and sanctifies work .. Justice is the most sacred value there .. But freedom is absent .. There is justice without Freedom for the individual ... This system is very similar to the socialist system in our current sense. The people there work hard as there is not a large disparity between them and each other. The standard of living for everyone is very close .. But individuals do not have the right to express their opinion about what does not concern them, especially if the matter is related to internal and external policy. Then Ibn Fatuma moves to the sunset and as soon as he gets there until he is prepared to go to the mountain house where the perfection he wants is where the end of his journey that he started as a young adult to arrive there and he is a big elder and moves with the convoy going to the mountain house and as soon as they arrived he asked them to go up the mountain And move on their feet. Here, the story ended, as news of Ibn Fatuma was cut off and we did not know whether or not he arrived. I liked the novel a lot, as it is simple enough to make you love it a lot, and it contains words that make you see the image of the great novelist sneaking from between the letters and from among the folds of pages .. Naguib Mahfouz was creative .. as usual
I liked the style of the writer. I knew Khaled Selim through him. I also knew the Gold Law. If the shoe suits you, the shoes are ugly. .. .. .. and Gamerson Law. The degree of probability of any occurrence. Backwards compatible. With the degree of desire to occur. He might be sad. But every sentence you will read. You will see yourself, read it again. This happened with me. And I&#39;d love to tell the writer. You are gorgeous. And good luck, God willing
so cute ,. His ironic spoof made him rich with real meanings.
I enjoyed reading the book so very much that I concluded it in a week while I was at the top of my busyness
I read everything I feel treacherous and real and relieves me every time
Abu Hamed mentions his interesting journey in the search for himself after he explored the depths of science and was influenced by them until he doubted himself and thought misguided, and in his book he mentions his journey of doubt for certainty and the way to salvation and devotion from science, especially philosophy and its impact on one&#39;s soul.
On the pretext of longing, I give her four stars
Note: There is a burning of novel events. Upon reading some opinions here, I found that most agreed that the level of the novel differed from the beginning of the war on the seasons before I fully agreed with them. Before clarifying the reason in the beginning, an appreciation for the writer first: On the idea of the novel, and although she did not mention the name of the heroine or her parents or for the perpetrator, but I did not feel a bug or boredom in her speech and also that the child tells the story of her life until she grows up, twenty-four years with her beginning from her talk about Her childhood in Saffron and her life that she was living between two worlds are completely contradictory in her home with her father, from whom she inherited the tan and her mother from whom she inherited the capabilities of her throat this house that did not subside from the differences and their lives were for me realistic despite the consent of her English mother from her marriage to an oriental and living with him except that Life is completely different. Her other world was with Khadija, her family, and the mud houses she was visiting and calling out to her. Hello, turn off the bread. I loved this phrase very much and all the details are in this part. Her father’s illness, transportation, adolescence, and sharing with her father in matters of his trade come my days with them. How can her father bring these similes and names? Or like what the heroine says. Where do you get all this magic, dad, see if this was what my mother meant when I seduced her as an East? The chapters in which I talked about the war started, I was waiting for her talk about the war, and she was already creative in her conversation on the psychological or social side, and how life and the loss of her father were, but I felt that she was not up to the level of the first chapters that were strong. I liked her conversation with the owner of the swollen hands, I forgot his name that there is a difference between those who understand life and those who feel it. I liked his analysis of the difference between them .. The chapter in which I spoke to England to treat her mother The details were sad even in her talk about whom I met in the hospital .. The messages that Madame was sending and her talk about the Gulf War and the situation in which Iraq became these messages These messages felt true to her and she was talking wonderful .. We come to the last chapter and its relationship with the Kenyan, and as Dr. Nujood said, the bleak personality received and this may be clarified by the author. The novel ends with the death of her mother and talks about her conditions in a brief way .. The novel is really wonderful.
Luxurious and very close to the metro station. . Premium service and complete facilities. No open Internet to use the network You need to pay an additional amount.
Exceptional. The cleanliness of the place is more characteristic of the hotel. There is no
Wonderful cafe and gives a beautiful atmosphere that senses you that you got out of Riyadh and sat with his elegant sitting with Mocha Duffy cup and sweet mixed with a wonderful creamy mix. And if we find a shine on the list, then we will receive good goods that are not counted, especially that most of their drinks can be chosen cold or hot. Milk, vanilla, and cinnamon taste after the two options above, the usual classic options such as black coffee, espresso and cappuccino are heated ... the smoothies have several flavors for the cold, but if we come to the jewelry, we will find classic goods that we can find anywhere such as cookies, camels, and so on, but to attract my attention, but to attract my attention Its advantage is that you only have two types, and they are tofu cheesecake and the mousse is tofu cheesecake. Excellent, the cake was covered on the cake or vice versa, especially since it melts from the first top of my general evaluation, enough taste / service = self, but the cashier deal was / decoration / because of the small size of most seats and tables
In the same fabulous style, Al-Hakim writes this book. That artist who has enough ideas to be wise. You will come out of every article in this book with some fruit .. either by idea or wisdom and at worst in a laugh. The genius of Tawfiq al-Hakim lies in the fact that it nourishes your mind and at the same time delights you. :
The first Iraqi story of literature of Diaspora was read by .. and I think its level is in line with being the first novel by the writer. The story itself is ordinary, and even approaches foreign teenagers ’stories, despite its oriental feature. It was a light reading, although I did not like the deep-sided style of gossip, and a lot of details, with or without,, will inevitably remind you of the way Mostaghanem’s dreams are in writing. In any case, if you want to read quickly and at the same time are characterized by some suspense, with a little philosophy of women in life .. you should read it .. Do not expect dazzling. Note: The good thing about it is real that it is not like the female literature consumed in the market .. And also the language is smooth and pure to a great degree .. So I gave her four stars
very good. Price for service and location. The lack of cleanliness of the walls, the smallness of the room and the discomfort of the bed
How light I was, O Turki intruder. :. .. Turki al-Dakhil wrote some of his memoirs and his unenviable stances in a humorous and satirical style ... In a nutshell .. Beautiful and light .. I undoubtedly appreciate the difficult situations that obese people experience more and more ..
good. Very comfortable .. clean .. great location ... upon arrival at the hotel the reservation took more than two hours due to the lack of credibility of the reservation from Poking.
Good hotel. The buffet is varied and meets most desires ... near the hotel to the campus .... circumventing the hotel staff and especially the reception forces you to have to change the room reservation in boking something and when you go to something else especially in the bed I was demanding a large double bed when I arrived the receptionist told me Depending on the possibility, which forced me to change the housing ... The toilet is very narrow and there are no basic things except when you ask them and their response is slow upon request .... There is no parking and this is a defect in the hotel where you have to park the car far from the hotel How is a five-star hotel There are no positions .... elevators distract the client in abundance and directions ...
excellent . The room is clean, reception and valet parking. The smell of cigarettes in the room
The events revolve around a realistic and political historical story that began with the departure of the late President Gamal Abdel Nasser, and after that, snapshots of the main character’s life in the novel came along. Really enjoying most of the books I enjoyed.
Painful grief limit
Wonder to you, Youssef Zidane .. I read, I like you, I follow you on Elvis Achill. .. the language of Yusuf Zidan and also the language of Yusuf Zidan and the personalities of Yusef Zidan ... The story followed Bedur on the journey from Egypt to the country of the Nabateans .. The part was different. I lived with Mariya, her suffering, its loss, and her misfortune. Steady .. Maria was leaving her village, which I am used to, and I am leaving the form of narrations that I am used to. We are talking about the scenes of Yusef Zidan ... the scene of the death of the mother of the boys ... and the scene of the end, of course ... but there is no salvation, and there is no stronger need for his village. I was amazed that there is a single family in which Jews, Christians, Muslims and pagans are free from fanaticism and contempt .. Rather, everyone has his preserved position regardless of his religion .. Was he really present in Arab countries ?? Nor is this from the author&#39;s imagination. Dropping the flood of the Nile with a passing flood ... I liked it .. The advantage of Yusef Zidan is that it does not have a status as the gods in his novels .. Dropping another state of the eagle and the condition of Nabati at the end ... In the end we talk about the end: .. I adore the open ends .. And I do not have The slightest suspicion that it will reach the convoy and return ..
Very enjoyable . Everything about the hotel is great, its cleanliness, service, location, availability of internet and staff ... a unique experience that deserves repetition. nothing
It has a journey. The location of the hotel is convenient and many services are free, such as Wi-Fi and visitor access without money. Wi-Fi is off sometimes
good. . Breakfast prices are very expensive and overrated
Yes, the Arabs face difficult problems through repression and the strong domination of the weak. Unfortunately, the ways in which these countries deal with cause causes that negatively affect the soul, which convinces the soul that it is better if it does not get better. Our Islamic religion urges non-transcendence and equality. Just as most of them make Muslims from themselves, who are ignorant and weak in faith. In our role as Arabs, we are supposed to help each other, encourage each other, intensify culture, and strengthen oneself. This is enough to improve our social condition, so God does not change people from people unless they change what they themselves .. I liked that you got to know the literary culture of the Arabs, but I think that the chapters on Arabic literature increased much more than the chapters of social, moral and practical. But despite that, you liked your point of view, even though you are in a different culture from ours, but you accept the difference, which makes you in a position where you can start changing with us. And because you say in your book, as I remember that any problem in other countries, we are a reason for it, so I encourage that we all unite as one hand to make change. Your book is very beautiful, wonderful
President Muhammad Najeeb, after the efforts, suffering, and determination of residence and injustice to which his family was subjected, I see that if he writes an entire book as a reason for forgiveness, then there is no leader of a revolution in modern history who was betrayed and tortured psychologically and nervously for a long time like this. May God have mercy on him, he was an honest man who believed in democracy at a time when tyranny was his ruling virtue
The hotel is very comfortable. Hotel amenities. There is no
I was impatient. Jamal Rukia and Al-Dafa who led me every night, I will miss him very much. I did not know the details of the life of a Palestinian family. Palestinian dialect terminology, proverbs, songs. A full life lived. : //. / / ...
A very classy place, beyond some five star family hotels, comfortable and has luxurious restaurants. Reception staff.
There is no doubt that the language of Manfaluti is strong, and I have benefited a lot from his new terminology, Ali, but it is noticeable that he repeated that the plot is weak and this is by the standards of the present day. Perhaps it is a plausible logical plot compared to previous times, it tells a specific history, then it brings a male and a female, and creates between them a love story, which dies the death of one or both of them. This talk was accepted in the past because of the state of isolation and hijab between a man and a woman. You are greatly exposed to the love of the first female to get in your way or see her face and reveal a few of her beds, and in this manner, these words are acceptable in the past, exaggerated in his recent acceptance. And Al-Manfalouti picked his translated stories like his current subjects, which contain the same misfortune, plot and the same conflict ... they are carefully selected short stories. I liked the first story of an orphan, which was written by Al-Manfalouti, and the last story of the victim, and it is from his translation and I do not know who the author is, and I think it is a timeless masterpiece .. The penalty: it is the objective contrast to the story of Tamr Hena&#39;s film. As for the punishment, it is very similar to the stories of Gibran Khalil Gibran, and I think for sure that whoever started reading the second was affected by his style and simulated a story similar to his story with other synonyms .. The veil: exciting for meditation despite the weakness of the plot, it is more like religious preaching than to fictional literature .. it seems that Most of the stories are taken from real stories, my first reading of the writer and it will not be the last, God willing.
good . Thanks. Private crowds at breakfast
A long time ago, I did not read a translation of this literature. How beautiful it is to own the reins of our lives ... How beautiful is this novel. The heroine is on a journey out of the sun from the darkness of life, the novel provides us with a definition of unity, and a way to get out of it .. I am grateful to the body for presenting this novel
The most interesting thing about me in any history book is that it shows the other side of it ... away from Muhammad on the founder of modern Egypt and that Majbetosh was born ... criticizing him and presenting some facts. Which, as the writer says, removes the aura that we see with Muhammad Ali. Too many social and political struggles that Egypt experienced because of him and because of his personal greed. In my view, Muhammad remains the founder of modern Egypt, but without any intention
Wonderful. Its location is sweet and quiet, and their treatment is sophisticated. It bothers you from the watch. So as you don&#39;t delay in handing over the room, call or call
A novel and light story at the same time .. The element of suspense exists from the beginning to the end, which seemed unconventional and open in a way that raises dozens of questions. I liked the writer&#39;s skill in telling the events during two different times .. and now. There are some pure coincidences, but they are justified in passing the basic idea of the novel, which is Masonry
A quiet place . Location .. calm. The main street has a noisy turnover and the bathroom smell exits to the hall
A novel that tells you how rulers think about their judgment. How rulers see people&#39;s problems. Their vision of the country&#39;s domestic and foreign policy. Their deceptive style with the people. Some of them like to use violence and blood to achieve their whims. Some of them want to use deceptive wisdom to stay in office for the longest time. A novel that tells you the military&#39;s thinking. It tells you how much the military loves power. It tells you the brutality of the military and their lack of interest in the souls of the people. They use the souls of the people as a way to achieve their passion. Or in their struggle with the civil forces. To ensure that they remain in power for as long as possible. A novel that provided many solutions to the country&#39;s current internal problems. A novel that portrays a picture identical to the country&#39;s current conflicts. .. From what I read the coolest
The second part of the Amaliyya trilogy is a popular biography narrated by Khairy Shalaby by Hassan Abu Dab .. This part is full of events and adventures that Hassan Al-Soudi fought in, in Cairo, Egypt ... What I liked ... May God protect us from the evil of the atrocity of the weird body, which is more severe and God is the weird of the soul. A poisoned country, the revolution&#39;s ills, eating our bones and the pashas of a time that were overflowing with their money and the officers became dirtiest pashas of the pashas and Israel. We must be in high cornfields and these cornfields are America. The junior employee in our country is the original ruler as he taught me and alerted my family; and all the senior presidents know nothing but they are presidents, elders and peace, especially those who came with the revolution and their only target
A green oasis of calm, hard to find, have the driver call them beforehand, but worthy of attention. We only spent two days but loved the delicious tranquility of this heritage residence. Ayurvedic massage was a special bonus too. Beautiful gardens and delicious vegetarian food will not lose alcohol. Hotel is located in the suburb of Calicut, so you will have to drive by car to reach the sights. We spent our time outside, visiting the martial arts center at the corner and walking to the local temple. A unique experience.
my journey . Quiet, clean and spacious spaces. The restaurant prices and the exaggerated food are the absence of a wide sandy beach
A special place . The location of the hotel is excellent and the cleanliness the staff cooperated Close to all services Availability of parking Wi-Fi Excellent Breakfast was good. Wi-Fi despite its quality, but it needs registration with every absence from the coverage area
Systematic and genius book to the maximum degree. And most fun to try to read with margins. When you mention the crime and the punishment for Dostoevsky or the case of Frantz Kafka, then read it, you will really feel the genius of Begovic
And to a musical conclusion before saying goodbye. Sing my love sing, and I used to sing, and I avoided the last clip. I was able to hear this passage and take my beloved until the time of silence. If I could give her more than five stars:
I hold my memory on my palm. That curse kept accompanying me .. Perhaps I did not provide the grace of oblivion like other human beings .. A wonderful novel that brings a cultural, secular, earthly side ..
Appropriate . Cleanliness. The internet is very slow
Later I will write the review ..
A fictional journey. Yeah.
The story is very beautiful, and it contained hidden information related to reality. I liked it to the extent that I concluded it with two days.
Life has taught me. Too much. you taught me. I do not trust anything in anything. I have no confidence so much that I can doubt my imagination. I walk on the way that I am drawing it and I do not see neither right nor north nor flags and do not destroy anything that increases my attention. Look in front of me only. I do what my conscience dictates. Before I do something I think about this lawful or forbidden. I do not think this is true or wrong. Life does not stop at a situation or a problem or death or loss of something. . .... I give up ........ Meaning it does not exist in my life. Society and people, their word does not go high
neural linguistic programming and the art of unlimited communication
Dubai trip. . The value is relatively high
New research in the offering and what concerns me is the part related to theology, because it concerns me as a Muslim. He somehow tried to respond to some orientalists at the point of influence and vulnerability, he said. In other words, the origins of theology are derived from Arabs and their culture even before Islam in what has been called Arab theology. ..... And since I do not trust Youssef Zaidan when he talks about Islam, I will scrutinize some of the points he made regarding Islam. ..... As for Christian theology, it helped me a lot to know the heresies that appeared ... The Great Schism and the Ecumenical Councils, and the Way the Emperors Dealed with the Fathers of the Church, in What Has Interest. The empire is nothing more. A wonderful book at the end
The language in the book is very beautiful, and the way to go about it is also ... but there is a terrible contradiction, meaning how to be a religious monk, and the book begins with prayers and supplications, and after that he talks about his sexual life in an obscene and disgusting manner by mentioning that he was guilty only, but he explained in detail despite It was possible to avoid this, as he did the second time with Merta, and I would just say that what happened between the man and the woman happened between them.
Wonderful with all the pain in it .... If Abdel Aziz is a real person ... let him know that he is a lowly person
It is preferable that you do not read my analysis of the characters until after you finish the book .. This book I bought from about a year and a half from the seventh edition of Dar Al-Shorouk. I liked the novel very much ... I felt her characters embodying people close to us all, but every possible reader analyzes her characters, events and their end according to his concept and imagination .. My only question before I start, who is the sister: Stefka Anastasova? Mister Harvey Talaat Al-Yosbashi Wasfi and his father: The ordinary traitors spread among us everywhere. Shaweesh Ibrahim and Bastawisy: People who are still kind and conscious despite our concerns, like our people. Fiona: It may be holy from the point of view of some people, but it was revealed by a cowardly depicted woman under the pretext of her illness, afraid she faces the one around her by the fact that her feelings do not hurt them, she is afraid to live her life so that she spends her time ruminating the stories of old fairy tales instead of new stories .. Alexander the Great: conquered the East and West not May peace prevail, but his uniform is similar to that of another colonizer and peace. When he entered Egypt, he saved him from the oppression of the Persians, but Kamel is in his own way. Every colonizer covers its real goals with a beautiful goal, such as justice or world peace .. Catherine: In complete contrast to Fiona, looking for happiness in a man or a target even if the price is her death ... it can be her insistence on finding the cemetery so that her life is not without success Noticeably so as not to indulge in despair from failed experiments, but at least try and do not give up .. Malika: As described by the author ... A child and a victim .. Sheikh Yahya: He retired after the death of Malika, believing that he failed to save her from the clutches of her family who killed her, but he He forgot that he helped kill her the first time when he succumbed to his ignorant sister&#39;s desire to marry her grandfather to a temple. Malika did not die when the knife was thrown into her chest, but she died at the time of her marriage to the dead body, a temple, and the rest of the time, her soul was sparing. She looked out of her body and was not really liberated except when she was slaughtered. It means Yahya helped kill her and he did not have the courage to liberate her .. Mahmoud: human beings ... like any human being among us, weak in front of temptations, himself disliked him between truth and error ... he felt lost and desperate, but unfortunately he did not have the courage to open his heart to true faith That everything has a reason, and he was afflicted with the same condition that Naguib Mahfouz described: When calamities multiply, they erase each other..and you get a strange, crazy-flavored happiness..You can laugh from a heart that no longer knows fear, but Mahmoud did not laugh about what happened to him, but he got mad He chose the easiest way and ended his anxiety and internal struggle, or what he believed to be the cause of his problems with his hands and the dust on himself.
A great style that allows you to live the events of the novel in the streets of Granada, Albayzin, and the people and Al-Jaafari .......... But it plunges us to the bottom of the gloom and sadness over the past and the present. Injustice is the ugliest thing in this world:
Gibran always attracts me in his words, his narration, and his handling of words, and he always attracts me in a magical way to his messages with May Ziadeh, his way of speaking, his thought, and even his calls to it. This is the first book I read for him, which includes all the details of life from love, life, sadness, joy, giving, faith, freedom, children, beauty, good and bad, among others. It directs you to the details hidden inside the folds of your soul that are in harmony with each letter in this book ... The most important thing that you find in it is love and the idea of giving before love and the possibility of separation before the path of love .... Thus, love never knows what it has of the valley except the hour of separation. Love is given only by himself and does not take from himself. And love does not belong to one and does not belong to it, for love regards it as love. And what do you want to do? And how a person feels really close if he does not suffer from his bitterness. What appears to your eyes is the weakest and most turbulent thing in you. It is in the truth the most powerful and steadfast in you. You give less when you give what you have. If you give from yourself you are given truly. And whoever you are until people reveal to you their hidden chests. And throwing the garment of pride on them, and you will see from them naked destiny and their honor. So look first, would you recommend zakat ?? . . Its branches embrace, its flowers sway and its birds fall. Everything is talking about love. Tables, flowers and clouds. Tables are going to her sea lover. And flowers smile to her lover. And the clouds go down towards its valley
Comfortable family. The reception staff treated to excellent breakfast buffet varied. The rooms need precision cleaning
I really enjoyed the truth, and I lived through the novel and the truth. The novel is one of the contemporary novels that entered my heart seriously .. I even occupied a position equal to my love for the story of an unjust village and the rest asleep .. Well done and created, O Islam of the truth .. I will definitely wait for you in another novel and I doubt that you can be disappointed My guess .. I conclude with the greatest sentence I loved in the novel. Himself keeps Pharaoh even if Pharaoh remains on the shed
Very wonderful as the creation of a philosophical mind of a person from that era
A good book ... its flaw was that it focused too much on the legal books ... and it contains a bit of repetition ... but it remains good especially for those who want to start reading.
= How wonderful and expressive are those quartets, and you find that most of them actually revolve within your mind, in addition to being close to the heart a lot .. It imposes on you to read a certain method and a certain way to read the quadruples and feel like you are reading the semicircular or similar way in the way they used to tell the biography in a
Exceptional. All the facilities of the hotel are great and the staff are very clean. The bed is wonderfully uncomfortable
Beautiful trip . Everything is very beautiful and excellent. Dealing with clean, comfortable apartments, and beautiful handling. There are no slides for cars at the exit of the rear walkway, but what shortens the staff, they cripple your car and download it. It is preferable to facilitate the visitor and not be embarrassed with the employees.
An interesting novel, but it was possible to get rid of it with a better ending
Clean, beautiful and recommend it. A varied breakfast and excellent hygiene. nothing
my heart hurts me
Paulo Coelho speaks about you, speaks to you, and speaks to you .... He feels that he is referring to you, so that you can live your life with her and say all the needs that you do not know. After you get rid of it, you sit back thinking about your life, history and future, and if you live right and do not live mistake
How would I describe this magnificence and those morals that were embodied in the most generous of God’s creation, our master Muhammad, peace be upon him? The book ended, but actually, as the writer mentioned, it is the beginning and the conversation never ends on the master of creation ... I have not read a biography book before this, it is not a narration of the story of the Prophet from his birth until his death .. Rather it is illuminations in his life and projected to the reality in which we live To learn to deal with it ... How far we are from being morally creative and having its qualities ... are only slogans that we make and do not work with ... I ask God to benefit us .. Whoever reads will surely benefit from his fragrant biography and feel reassuring and happy in his chest if he deals with life as it was upon him peace and blessings ... Something will change in you, but things after you read this book .. God willing
Wonderful. . The pillows are completely uncomfortable
Enjoyed the hotel. The site, psychological comfort, the Internet. The lack of toiletries, such as bathrobes
In short, very painful and very wonderful at the same time
A very beautiful play for Al-Qaradawi
I liked the novel and I advise everyone to read it. Radwa Ashour takes you to the scene of the event so that the events live as if you were seeing them. I have a problem with the author regarding the insults that the protagonists utter from the cursed sky and the Lord, in addition to eating whiskey and I do not see any added value from inserting such behavior in the novel.
I concluded it on a day so that I could not wait until I knew the end. When I thought that the end is the salvation of the most beautiful twist, another wonderful. For Adam, I am very sympathetic with him, and I see that this is his right, but it is strange that he actually ate from their flesh.
Cirophobia, the phobia of happiness, is the most amazing, the most wonderful, I enjoyed every sentence of every word, every movement. Smooth phrases ... the narration style is great. I loved the mother of Mourad Enas, a lively personality who enjoys every moment of her life. A beautiful end and due to the two, after all that happened
Anyone who reads the title, especially from the Islamists, will think of it as an insult or an attempt to insult, but it is completely the opposite of this perception, as the writer is working to describe a new case of religiosity that has emerged recently. Being far from religious Islam or Salafi religiosity and their closeness around themselves .. Presentation of the book by astonishing the book .. I strongly recommend it to friends:.
I enjoyed a lot of this beautiful novel. The writer excelled in this exciting novel a lot. Before reading the novel, I expected that I would read the same style as before in Doaa Abdel Rahman&#39;s novels, but I was surprised by this new style. The novel this time was well-written, so the language of the novel and the biblical style differed from what it used to have improved a lot. I do not find ideal heroes who are religiously committed and villains who are not committed and full of faults and imaginative qualities that spread in her previous novels, which brought realism closer to this narration than others in telling ordinary humans who make mistakes and are injured and are not super hero committed or bearded. The mystery in the events of the novel and the touching of the literature of horror gave a new flavor different from the previous works of the writer. Plot and chain events without sub-stories and mystery and excitement in the expressive scenes and as our writer returns in a narrative style that makes you imagine what you read as if you see it. Good luck and waiting for new works. Greetings to the distinguished writer, whose work motivated me to return to reading again after a long interruption.
I have no need for her village for this man other than that, or I have to sit down to rid her of spiking:
He believes in his hand myself .... Oh God, make my mind understand your wisdom. And make my heart reach your light. ................................. to reconcile his own style and his special effect also in my mind raises in my mind a question mark that I may not agree with Much stimulation of my mind is enough to read to him. ................................. his book was an answer to a question from a serious reader asking him about his doctrine in life and art. He says in a year I wrote parity to make it clear that everything in the universe is based on it. In a year, I found the most important thing, which is that my religion is based on equivalence, so I added the last section on Islam and saw that what could be made a basis for Arab Islamic philosophy is what originated from our belief that says to man that he has to live in two worlds, that is, he must live in the world as if he ever lives and lives for the hereafter as if he dies tomorrow . from the book:. What is breathing? It is a movement equivalent to inhaling and exhaling. If this parity is disturbed, that the inhalation is prolonged more than it should, overwhelm the exhalation, or the exhalation extends more than it should be unfair to the inhalation and the life of man stops ... If we leave the physical composition to the spiritual composition, we find the eye of the law. He is also his inhale and exhale in what we might call thought and feeling. The tie that existed until the beginning of the nineteenth century between the power of the heart and the power of the mind, that is, between the activity of thinking and the activity of faith has been disturbed since that time by successive victories of mental science and the continued stagnation of the religious side ... science is born of the mind has doubled its strength while religion is born of the heart remained confined in His horizon did not discover new sources in the depths of the human heart that are equivalent to those new worlds discovered by the human mind .. This imbalance had its natural result that must accompany every imbalance ... which is anxiety. The prevailing anxiety in souls today is caused by this disturbance between thought and faith .. Yes The animal is born cuffed with pain A room ... meaning instinct. A person will be born abstract ... that is, free and he must discover knowledge again every time he is born .. As long as a person is free of will and even some freedom, he is responsible .. Because responsibility comes from freedom..bee and ant are not responsible for their work because I was created by him ... As for the human being, he was not created with his work ... then he is responsible for it. I admit the mind, science and human freedom ... but I cannot deny the heart and faith..I do not blame the mind for doubting..because the function of the mind is suspicion..the movement ... if it ceases from suspicion in its research and its laws and stops from movement in flipping in flipping facts And the results he lost his work and expired. As for the heart, its function is faith: the steadfastness. Which one was born before the other? Good or bad? In my opinion, evil and good as night and day are equal, and Landry, whichever comes first. May be evil is the origin in a person because it is related to the awareness of the human being and is the feeling of self and its love .. Society must stand from the perpetrator of evil to the position of the vengeance, but the position of the demands of the state of parity, i.e. doing good and on this basis The idea of punishment must change. Punishing the perpetrator with his imprisonment is a wrong idea. Freedom of the person must be preserved for him and the price of the crime must be paid not from human freedom, but from a positive act that balances and equals the work he committed .. and cost in the manner is ugly as it is in life .. Because the condition of artistic beauty is to evoke in the soul a feeling that it is derived from a prop A normal p ... in the life of the earth and the planets it does not go straight in a straight line directly, but it revolves around itself first and then around the sun, but nevertheless it moves in space forward within the framework of the entire solar system .. the same is also the case in humanity, as civilization in it is interchangeable with action and response The act then lives in the dark and then returns to the light in a movement such as the movement of night and day, but it is moving .. The word evolution therefore does not mean from nature, human beings, thought and art to walk straight forward straight ... but it progresses through tests and obstacles of action and reaction, we all walk and we turn and reach To tomorrow through the night and day cycle and shadows alternate And light ... long-term commitment to a certain opinion leads to faith..and faith leads to the disruption of thought..and the thought must move in order to find the thinker..and the thinker if he thought discussed the commitment and discussion of commitment may lead to decomposition from it .. but faith in religions is only acceptable It is all about an Alawite subject out of the reach of thought. When we believe, we have chosen, and we are satisfied with the disruption of thought, because we know that our human thought is not a suitable tool for realizing the laws of those above humans. There is no weak person, but there is a person who does not know in himself the habitat of compensating power. The correct one = zero. Positive life begins from the number two, as there are two things that exist between them, that is, movement and life. Today, we are in the process of codifying Islamic jurisprudence and making Islamic law a basis for legislation. It is necessary to know the origin of this law in the society in which it first appeared and the path it took from the principle of working with it to what it has ended today. Are these provisions still completely in our present society, or is there anything left of it? That is why when we say that our Islamic philosophy is based on a structure set up by Muslim thinkers because every philosophy can only be constructed as a whole: a stone over a stone and efforts above efforts .. for this building of this Islamic philosophy must be based on life in two worlds: the world and the hereafter . Little knowledge inherits atheism, and much inherits faith. Alfred Castler said: The author of the article is this unknown. Whenever we study the matter, we realize that we did not know anything about it .. there is always and it will be forever what is hidden from us and when he was asked hidden who said: God. Why did not we have a philosophy? My answer is that philosophy exists in us with a subject taught in institutes and universities and stuffed with our heads like much of what we bring from outside our country and wear it made like ready-made clothes and the philosophy that we wear was born in her country as a result of a situation that occurred in the belly of a nation so he made her think and crystallize her thinking in an intellectual issue .. so if we ask ourselves: Has there not been a shock in the belly of our Arab nation that causes us to think and crystallize our thinking in a question or an issue? And when we ask how we think? Where are the thinking tools? Here, the wonder of our Islamic religion takes us abundantly by inviting people to think. Islam has produced in its flourishing ages thinkers and philosophers what the human mind prides itself, so where have our tools of thinking gone today? Perhaps the reason was the prolonged European occupation of our Islamic countries, which turned our thinking into tools of preservation and echoing of thought and thinking so that the intellectual awakening that shakes their occupation does not occur.
I didn’t know how to laugh or cry, “Al-Mishwar” is a show in the heart of the Egyptian street. Perhaps it does not belong to it. In every country, it is a tragedy and people live in the hope that the future will come better.
Verily I say to you: No beard right if lost. On earth are the rights of the dead. Go after dead if it offends you. Show words. And if the torment of the dead. It became a commodity. Or block it or icon. Or an advertisement or Nishana. For damn times, then. The flood is near. . Albertocool I:. Do not read anything .. Be a porter of firewood ... and carry a ton of books ... put it beside a beer bottle ... or over the seat ... and drink ... and wait for the knights ... one of them will come one after the other ... carrying a ton of books ... The second protocol:. Do not understand anything from what you read ... It does not matter today. Understanding ... the concept is incomprehensible ... or vice versa ... no one will ask you ... What is the meaning of your saying ..... What is meant ... is there no meaning for things and words ... and if things have meanings ... then what is meant ... that their meanings are known ... to the wise to your mind ... and if that is the case ... then words are paths ... and assumed ... that you know ... Finally, you should not ask ... what is the meaning of your saying .... . Protocol VII:. You entered the prison repeatedly ... enough time ... prove this information ... like the nishan to the lug ... and sit between the gullible and the arrogant ... and the righteous with the white heart ... I will broker the black years ... say what you like without shame. This is an era in which the mouse lapses ... elephant show. If he denies ... then the evidence is on the one who denied ... and on him the right of God ... There are witnesses of evidence ... and witnesses of exile ... and exile today is evidence ... and evidence is exile ... and consensus was held on forgery ... for purposes ... wrote silence in the elephants ... for generations ... the mouse lived long-lived ... the mouse lived ... that the elephant passed ... let the mice have fun in the earth This is the year of the elephant. . There is a taste ... in my country she talks about a priest. He keeps on the back of the heart ... all the texts of the law ... and brings him to the deaf-blind deaf ... Our priest knows all the offensive ... and surrounds all things ... note..and he has the rationale ... so he does not ask for anything. .. and especially the incomprehensible things ... if he says, it is sufficient that the priest knows ... and if the priest knows, it is not necessary to know.
Wonderful. Endless cooperation by the hotel reception team and their attempt to provide the help and needs required to the customers to the fullest extent, as those responsible for cleaning the rooms always emphasize checking the cleaning of the room and its accessories .. Failure to coordinate between the reception team each other about the period of reservation rooms for clients at times
Excellent. Reception of workers. There is no swimming pool or private beachfront until the kids play
One of the most beautiful hotels in central Dubai. The employees treated the location, the cleanliness, the room area, the view, the tower, and the Egyptian employee, who was present at the time, I had a jerk. It is not possible to smoke in our hotel. I am a kind of smoker, a little narrower, but what prevents me coming back to him again and again
The novel is beautiful, but the end is very sad and made my heart frankly, but it is one of the most beautiful novels I have read and how much love there is so beautiful.
. All the hotel is beautiful, attractive, comfortable, reception and labor. nothing
A novel that is smooth and fluid between lines and words, which attracted me to it page by page until the end of it .... The writer&#39;s intelligence clearly shows the mechanism of linking its beginning and its end, taking your calls to re-read the novel again .... by comparing it directly or indirectly Direct between the Kuwaiti and Filipino societies. Kuwait is not well known and I tell him not only Kuwait but Syria and the Arab world as a whole ... a sick community with obsessive appearances ... overcome by defecting for fear of people&#39;s words to raise the forbidden for fear of disobedience to God and everyone defends fiercely about this education even though they Refuse it in their depths ... disobey your Lord invisibly from the eyes of people or loudly as long as you do not come under the heading of defect or lack of social acceptance .... but do not deny change .... I am saddened by the confusion of Jesus between the two societies and his loss between religions .... How do I conclude that the smile is forbidden during the day in Ramadan because of the many noticeable faces frowned in this holy month .... beautiful was the idea of seeing the good Yen Basnavhm from afar strange and distant eyes ... stalk bamboo strongly recommend them
The best description of the book from my enjoyable experience in reading it more than once is that it is true linguistic treasures and everyone who wants to be able to corner the Arabic language needs access to this, as well as the perfect Manfaluti style in dealing with many topics such as friendship, beauty, lament, wealth, poverty and many other things .. my version From the book is full of lines and circles around phrases that I liked and the words I was captivated for by their linguistic beauty .. The book should be present in every Arab person&#39;s library
O God . Dan Brown&#39;s stories remind me of enthusiasm and tension. I am trying to get the second part, even if it is necessary for me to see what will happen at the end. I advise you
Events are boring, but the joy is the profound meanings of conveying the novel about life
My crossing was among the pages of this novel as an illusion or as a story of a thousand and one nights tales that were different in their style, narration, and glamor in their presence. I influenced the core of my writing or my obsession with writing, so I had to follow other parts of the novel and continue to uncover life, so I had to tamper with other pages of Ahlam&#39;s novels
Greetings to all the hotel staff. The hotel staff was great and the breakfast was great. The hotel is close to services, especially restaurants. The only thing is the difficulty in getting to the room due to the hotel merging with the apartments
I was pleased with the story of the boy who saw sleep and I think it is the best .. The writer&#39;s style is beautiful and indicates a high culture of the writer.
very good. Visitors are allowed. Not clear in the amount
This is a book I lived with with its three parts:. I buzzed with the utmost joy and enjoyment while reading the origins, history, doctrines and methods of the Arabic language, while delving deeper into their features and what they are unique to, and all of that in the first part .. I almost forgot myself while going with Al-Rafii in the accurate miracle of the Holy Quran after a glimpse of its history and its collection and devising sciences in it and its miracle The first is to convey a nation that was grazing sheep, until it became grazing nations ... This part should be in tall abode .. As for the third part it was academic until I weighed my head with it, but the book is wonderful
Relationships. An employee of Hazaa relations is very blissful.
Summit of pleasure I stayed in this beautiful hotel and it is considered a hotel complex in the middle of a beautiful garden in the upscale Westminster area close to a palace, a two-bedroom suite room, a lounge, a small kitchen, two bathrooms, a balcony overlooking the garden, the area is quiet and safe, the service is excellent, breakfast you can choose in the garden or Inside the hotel, I tried to book it a second time, but the prices were double.
Wonderful address the man, understand me more in the female does not lengthen much or philosophical and realistic
Really, I do not know what to say about that novel that I felt naked pink dreams about childhood to push us to the focus of shocked reality .. I pity the wolf and hated the handsome prince bored the beautiful princess..I missed the child and his innocence within us..Great writer this despite the sadness that surrounded me after reading the reality but I am sure I will return to drowning her letters again
Really beautiful, this novel touched my heart, I did not leave it until after I devoured it completely. We are deficient towards Islam. We must be aware of the obvious truth, Muslim. If you are a picture of Islam, every act and saying is calculated for you or you, as Dr. Ahmed Khalil said before, sometimes you are a moving Qur’an like the Messenger that was created by the Qur’an. By God, you are not a distorted Qur’an. Carefully and honestly it will not be the last for this creator
Very beautiful .. perhaps because she was the first to have read God&#39;s mercy on him
Exceptional. A first class family hotel with no alcohol or harnessed. nothing
The genius of Heath Ledger and Nolan&#39;s creativity and the best movie in history in the year Christopher Nolan released his artistic dark knight as the second of his three parts for Batman. The movie included most of the first part crew, but the genius Heath Ledger was added to them to present the best character in history, which is the Joker not because of the magnificence of the character But due to the magnificence of the acting and creativity that Heath has shown ... it may become clear to you that in my vision I speak more about Heath and not about the movie than why and the reason for the success of the film was Heath, of course Nolan was credited with the success of the film and Heath&#39;s success because he chose the best actor to play the role as An actor who commented on our minds, despite his passing, chose the movie J It is considered one of the few rare films on which you can say the full movie from the first scene to the last scene. You cannot leave your seat. You cannot blink with your eyes. You cannot even look at your watch. The simplest footage is full of creativity. We come first to acting: Christine Bell was able to create Once again in this part, it presents a wonderful performance, as is the case with Gary Oldman, who was also creative in the role of Gordon. I also drew my attention to the performance of the talented actor Aaron Eckhardt, who presented the role of two-sided Harvey Dent, and finally the genius Heath Ledger, who was able to provide a historical role and a legendary figure who will remain stuck in the mind. Because he presented it A legendary method and a professional way .. Understand it came from and no matter how the character presented from actors even if they were creative they would not be convinced like Heath at all and was greatly saddened for his departure because it was expected that he would be from the big stars and the evidence for this is that he obtained the Golden Globe and the Oscar after his death we come from the scenario side: a story The genius of Nolan and his brother Jonathan .. A complete and excellent story that makes you unable to be patient until you know what will happen leaves you in the end to think about what happened and what will happen and this genius is called the viewer&#39;s mentality and through which you determine what will happen according to your expectation instead of the boring films that leave you and not You need to think or do h The effort in terms of directing: Legendary directing, as usual from Nolan, to confirm that he is the best director in history. What I liked most after the performance of the Joker is the historical end, which I consider to be the best end made in movies at all, and throughout the history of what she endured from an unexpected surprise and a catastrophic and legendary end that will not be repeated The third part may be legendary, and Tom Hardy may be the owner of his character among Ibdaa in the third part, but the second part is fine. It is the best part of the immortal trilogy in the end, the only film that I considered the best I have seen
Do I overlook them, and they are already heedless, so I return to him .. to stay with him, and together we die, then we are born again .. these two threats. A journey at another time .. Twenty years before the conquest of Egypt, it takes place on a trip from Egypt to the countries of the Nabateans ... from that girl who is a model of her age and has many daughters of our time ... she knows nothing other than her little world in The disbelief of the ant .. knows nothing but her mother, brother, neighbors, and the rabbis .. and her mind does not occupy anything other than marriage so that she does not rust as she said to her or a Demiana .. comes to her engagement to an Arab who does not know her and does not even know its shape and travel with him to the far Nabat land. And she was the one who thought that the fields outside the disbelief are the last of the world .. Maria who does not want to be alone .. she does not want to be in life without anais .. without a child and without friends ... Maria for Six of her choice is always and never in effect .. The first hero of the story is the narrative ... The long boring narration that explains the boredom of the life of unbelief and the boredom of the journey .. The boredom gives you the feeling of participating in the journey .. I felt that I was with the convoy that traveled from unbelief to the desert With all its details of boredom, fatigue, exhaustion and exhaustion ... If the previous life was evil or unjust, then the soul remained after death, locked in a rock or stone. This is called firm. And after a while you live up, you dissolve with the body of an insect or plant, and that is annulment. Then it rises to the body of an inhuman animal, which is called a monster ... and finally returns to the human type, male or female, so the soul becomes a human soul, and this is transcription. The second hero in the novel is the theories of Nabati .. Despite its small size in the novel .. And it came in simple places, but it was interesting .. Explanation of the doctrines of ignorance about Lat and deer that are not known to us with strong linguistic ingenuity and in a different way that gives you a feeling of one thousand tales Night and night .. The third hero is the news at the end of each paragraph summarizing the time period .. News about the Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him in Yathrib and his battles with the Jews .. News about trade in Egypt and the Levant and news of Heraclius the king of the Romans and his struggle with the Jews .. news about the adult caliphs, their wars, and their plans to open the country .. and local news about the tribe and its people who traveled Away ... you will know how difficult it was to know the news at that time .. I liked the first life of Maria more than the second life of Maoism in the trip and the third in the Land of the Nabateans ... I loved Esther and Amiru .. I loved the mother of boys, Laila and Nabati .... ..And how much hated Saloma If a person loves us in his life, and is important in love and dies in this condition, he sent a new threat, as the guide has the souls of the fans. / At another time, twenty years before the conquest of Egypt, it took place on a journey from Egypt to the countries of the Nabateans ... from that girl who is a model of her age and has many daughters of our time ... she knows nothing other than her little world in The disbelief of the ant .. knows nothing but her mother, brother, neighbors, and the rabbis .. and her mind does not occupy anything other than marriage so that she does not rust as she said to her or a Demiana .. comes to her engagement to an Arab who does not know her and does not even know its shape and travel with him to the far Nabat land. And she was the one who thought that the fields outside the disbelief are the last of the world .. Maria who does not want to be alone .. she does not want to be in life without people .. without a child and without friends ... Maria is not I love choosing, it is always and never in effect .. The first hero of the story is the narrative ... The long boring narration that explains the boredom of the life of unbelief and the boredom of the journey .. The boredom gives you the feeling of participating in the journey .. I felt that I was with the convoy that traveled from unbelief to the desert with all Details of boredom, fatigue, exhaustion and fatigue .. If the previous life was evil or unjust, the soul remained after death at times, trapped in a rock or stone. This is called firm. And after a while you live up, you dissolve with the body of an insect or plant, and that is annulment. Then it rises to the body of an inhuman animal, which is called a monster ... and finally returns to the human type, male or female, so the soul becomes a human soul, and this is transcription. The second hero in the novel is the theories of Nabati .. Despite its small size in the novel .. And it came in simple places, but it was interesting .. Explanation of the doctrines of ignorance about Lat and deer that are not known to us with strong linguistic ingenuity and in a different way that gives you a feeling of one thousand tales Night and night .. The third hero is the news at the end of each paragraph summarizing the time period .. News about the Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him in Yathrib and his battles with the Jews .. News about trade in Egypt and the Levant and news of Heraclius the king of the Romans and his struggle with the Jews .. news about the adult caliphs, their wars, and their plans to open the country .. and local news about the tribe and its people who traveled Away ... you will know how difficult it was to know the news at that time .. I liked the first life of Maria more than the second life of Maoism in the trip and the third in the Land of the Nabateans ... I loved Esther and Amiru .. I loved the mother of boys, Laila and Nabati .... ..And how much hated Saloma If a person loves us in his life, and is important in love and dies in this condition, he sent a new threat, as the guide has the souls of the fans. /
Exceptional. I thank Professor Muhammad at the reception for his good handling. Thank all the hotel staff, without exception.
The best book I&#39;ve read so far
Ancient Egypt for British scholar and archaeologist James Becky. International translation by Naguib Mahfouz. When I was determined to read the works of Naguib Mahfouz, I found that he started his literary life by translating the book of Ancient Egypt, which deals with the history of Pharaonic Egypt in a clever foresight from Naguib Mahfouz and preparing for his reader who will read his first three novels on Pharaonic Egypt and they are the futility of predestination, a good struggle, Radubice as if he is trying To address the reader in eloquent language, to prepare for a trip in a world full of beauty and the scent of history. As for the author, he is said to be a British cleric who studied and mesmerized the Egyptian antiquities until he stated, not once in a misplaced part of the book, that history did not know a fine civilization as the civilization of the Pharaohs and that the ancient Egyptians were on the throne of knowledge, sovereignty, art and architecture while nations were still unknown She lives in caves and is ignorant. And on the content of the book in a chapter, you are on a journey that you are proud of as an Egyptian, and you wish that you lived this time with all its greatness in all aspects of political, religious and economic life. Do not say. Perhaps that is what prompted the author to declare in a number of the book that I see as a harsh back as he praises Egypt in a bitter irony, so he says that there is nothing in the life of Egypt that attracts attention except its great history. In this way, you are on a journey of chapter and page length, translated by highly literal and high-level literary language, befitting Naguib Mahfouz.
Luxury hotel. Great and varied breakfast, and the suite is large and contains two bathrooms. Breakfast can be chosen on the ground floor or for those booked sweet, clean and luxurious rooms. The absence of an underground passageway connected to Dubai train
Great hotel. Excellent handling. Near the sanctuary. . Great hotel. Excellent handling. Near the sanctuary. Good variety, many but not delicious
good. The apartment is spacious and all services are available. Cleanliness is below standard. Do not change bathroom towels or bed linen daily
Beautiful trip . Without exception, everything I liked at the hotel. nothing
This is where Divine Providence is embodied in what transcends the mind. God wills that I read it at a suitable time and place, and the beginning of the book was in a fourth square, and it all became messages. God the Exalted, the Majestic, Zainab Al-Ghazali has inspired answers, even in times of wonder. Then her livelihood steadily stimulates the reader and stimulates him under the pain of whips, dogs, fire, dungeon, starvation, thirst, preventing the use of toilets, hanging on sticks such as carcasses from hands and feet, as opposed to breaking nerve and self-infliction and other methods of torture as usual in the military prison. In the end, I felt that we had not yet made a sacrifice as it should have been
nice . Games and everything is beautiful ... there is no refrigerator in the room ..
O God, in every letter, the plan of this man’s pen in that book.
A very effective oil that helps to lengthen hair and prevent hair loss
. One of the most beautiful books I&#39;ve ever known ... bold, creative, snappy and gives some taste. I never hope .. Its design is also very beautiful .. Thank you Muhammad .. I am trying to get the rest of the attempts ..
Feeling that I will not know this office, I need to simply silence in the campus of beauty ... beauty. But when you forget the revolution, it was a factor ... read it. Somehow, when you forget yourself, you are a factor ... read it
The hotel is clean and close to Al Rashid. The location and cleanliness of the hotel staff are good. The hotel restaurant for room service does not speak Arabic
Express the admiration, yes, I visited the hotel and felt that it is an excellent hotel, excellent services, excellent rooms, and the restaurant offers good food, good treatment with customers, fast delivery of requests to the rooms, and there is also a gym for morning sports and also the internet for free and with high speed
Excellent . Close proximity to the airport and other services, such as restaurants, are reasonable in price. The duration was not sufficient to judge other things
Excellent. The staff are good at handling ... I don&#39;t forget, especially Brother Faris Bakhsh. He was very courteous and understood his work very well. Wi-Fi is slow
Bilal is an amazingly well-known preference. Its style is wonderful and distinct. An interesting, interesting, and painful book. When you read Bilal Fadl, she brings out wonderful information and books that she yearns to read, not only for Egyptian writers and writers, but from all over the world.
Sweet toast is excellent, but its oil is sometimes great
A novel or rather it&#39;s a very, very wonderful autobiography to the extreme. Someone advised me to borrow it from her. The style in which the novel was written is very, very, very wonderful. It attracted me very much, its overall content is beautiful
good. Availability of parking, hygiene and good reception staff. The amount is high and has great exploitation
A good hotel for a short break other than visiting. Room size is good, parking right in front of the building, ease of describing the hotel. The carpet cleanliness is not very bad
Wonderful. I liked the location, easy access to the hotel.
Excellent . everything. There is no bidet in the bathroom
I knew Ghassan was great, but I didn&#39;t think it was that great
Very beautiful . I liked the frankness of the hotel&#39;s location and the size of the apartment, the staff is very disoriented and the smile is always a decree.
Exceptional. Close to the airport, quiet area. The parking is below very small
When our enemy was one ...
good. The hotel&#39;s mosque, the good restaurant, calm in the room and the annexes. Room is somewhat narrow. No free Wi-Fi
very good. Price, cleanliness, speed of entry and exit. There is no swimming pool nor jacuzzi parking times are tight
happy . Its location, service speed and pool are very clean.
My soul is bound by. Sky, for ultimate viewing
Excellent value for money paid. Transfers around the clock to and from the Haram, with free parking, an abundance of markets below the hotel. No insulators between rooms. Breakfast is not up to standard. Beds are very tight
good. . The prices of drinks and food are very exaggerated ... the city is organized and it is difficult to find a restaurant or supplies at some time
In water. every thing is excellent. Th is in another hotel
In my opinion, the restaurant is larger than its size. The burger tastes bad. It graces the grace, the sandwiches are bad and the broast. I don’t know why there is a large amount of fat between chicken and skin.
A beautiful novel that immerses you in the corridors of the problem of Darfur between the owners of the state and the Janjaweed, and writer Abdulaziz Baraka praises the fact of communication between them. The truth of the novel literally narrates the problem of the conflict in Darfur.
The stories are very tired psychologically, it is difficult for me to imagine the end of each story. All I have to read is one. I feel that it will be beautiful.
A very wonderful book for Al-Rashed, but I think that whoever wants to take full advantage of this book, he should read the entire series, starting from the beginning, and it is a very good series on the path of advocacy.
A place worth visiting again, suitable for families. Car parking is available in an organized way under the hotel Excellent internet Interest in cleaning the room Spacious room Towels. The bed is excellent and the air conditioning is excellent for families .. nothing
The book, when I read, destroyed me with laughter, but at the same time clarified the nature of the late Egyptian people, I was unable to write the backward.
Value for money This is a stunning, real value for money hotel with an excellent room that includes an LCD TV, air conditioning, a fridge and a tea and coffee maker with an attached clean bathroom. Room service is also very nice and on time. This hotel also accepts American Express credit cards.
good. The staff are very respectful and smiling.
Excellent for families. everything. nothing
One of the most wonderful books that I have read in my life .... Each chapter opens new horizons and prisons .... And the creative writer carries a very beautiful thought .. And a more beautiful call to embrace the Quranic mind .... There are thoughts and not the most wonderful .... Reading .. First Imposed in Islam. The true meaning of patience .. From the cactus plant .... A journey with the life of the beloved Muhammad, peace be upon him ... and more .... May God reward you well, Doctor and more .. for this book .. I am proud .. to know him and his messages to me and his advice.
Excellent. . No need for the room bell
Beautiful except positions. Proximity to the campus and rest. The cost of parking is high per day
Exceptional. It was a wonderful stay in the full sense of the word and I thank Mr. Reda Masri who was so helpful that we had a morning breakfast and we want a Ramadan breakfast and it did not include that so replace him with the time we want and arrive to the room Thank you for your gentleman&#39;s gentleness It was wonderful without exaggeration
City. everything. There is no
Unfortunately, despite all the efforts of Dr. Faraj Fouda, but with a sense that he was digging in his water, evidence that the terrorist extremist groups under different names from jihadist groups, Salafists, and Muslim brothers were able to easily laugh at the minds of simple people in the name of religion and that they were the owners of paradise and seized a large percentage in Parliament And the Students&#39; Union in various universities other than the presidency of the unions. Dear Sir, the length of your country is the illiteracy rate, and the length of the educated people themselves is not tolerated. We will prefer the occupiers of the terrorists in the name of religion and the religious state. O our doctor, if we were to understand people, we would be exalted by the model of the religious state in Afghanistan and Iran, but unfortunately we are suffering from losing insight. She is blind, but blind
I did five stars for this office, and five stars for the first office: Weston Union, Haram Branch, but let me say that: The five stars of the new book are not the same flavor and joy as the five stars of Westren Union, and I don&#39;t know why. I liked the first book more, and this does not diminish sincerely from the second book. On the contrary, I have an incentive to read it again in better conditions, because Mustafa Ibrahim is indisputable.
An interesting novel that affected me a lot and changed a lot of things inside me ... Elif Shafak, thank you very much
What is the most beautiful style of Mustafa Mahmoud to simplify things:
Wonderful. Calm, good handling and hygiene.
A very special hotel. Everything I found in this hotel is very excellent, especially the receptionist, the speedy response to it and his response to the farewell. It does not exist
The author used real names and events, but it is a novel from his imagination. Wonderful and beautiful, but a bit long.
If our homes say our bodies, friends ’hearts are our homelands. Long live Rashid Al-Tarouf ... I lived with his journey as if I were searching for myself with him. He was agonized with him and his family, refusing him, but he himself liked it. It cursed the society that separates people and controls and imposes false restrictions on any basis. In his sentence, I was shocked by his sister when he spoke of the sermon of the Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him, and he says that there is no preference for an Arab over my lame, except with piety. I made me shame from my Arab community. I lived with him poverty problems in the Philippines. I saw poor people&#39;s love for each other, Ida, Josephine, Merla and Pedro. Take me on a trip to the two countries of the Philippines .. and Kuwait. As if for a short time I remained part of them. In this novel, the writer talks about many strong needs. Poverty and humiliation, and how can it offend human dignity. I talk about arrogance, arrogance and arrogance. About sacrifice. Part of Jesus’s search for God. It was a very sweet portion. He was beautiful, strong and innocent, and he was praying to our Lord in the simplest possible words that he said, like a small child. Mama spoil .. I felt what was cruel, as it was good and kind, but the circumstances. I found out if any humans could remain contradictory to what the situation would be like. Hind Al-Tarouf is an example .. She did not mistake her alone and society has a big role to play. But I waited from her, in particular, for a different role from what she had done as a human rights activist. Waiting for emotions is something because her weakness was Pine from the start. Merla ... her last message was really a masterpiece. When she said to Jesus, prove to yourself who you are, and then no one else can be in this world. The end scene. She was very relaxed when he returned to his mother, family and Mirla. The end scene was genius. When John entered Kuwait, he felt that he had entered his country. When he entered the Philippines, Perdo felt that he entered his country. From the time I did not enjoy this novel. Seriously deserve the stars:
I want to read the book in any way
Wonderful. The frankness of the villas is very good, the staff are very nice, their manners are high, the location is beautiful, everything is close to you. nothing
A wonderful book that talks about the death of the Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him, and the stage of the Rightly Guided Caliphs, Muawiyah, Ziyad, Hassan and Al-Hussein. He narrates the events and establishes the correct ones. The book PDF ...: //. . //
The other genius is Abu al-Tayyib al-Mutanabi, what a genius, with his complex personality, which carries many contradictions. Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfik managed to summarize his life from Kufa to Aleppo to Egypt to Shiraz, then the story of his death, which carries the characteristics of Greek drama, characterized by irony of fate. I loved Al-Mutanabbi and intended to read about him in more depth, because one of us does not love the deranged villains as long as they are geniuses. And one of the best things I read to him:. . And if my affliction comes to you from a deficiency, then it is my witness that I am complete. . A mind Ishqy in bliss with his mind. And the brother of ignorance, Shaqawa Do not deceive you from the enemy of his tears. And have mercy on your youth from a merciful enemy. High honor is not spared from harm. So shed blood on its sides. And injustice is the offense of souls. If you find chastity, it is not unfair. It is the misfortune of humiliation of those who do not pasture. About the purpose and speech of those who do not understand. It is enmity that what works for you. It is friendship that hurts and hurts
Precious advice from the writer to his students and his daughters students .. The writer&#39;s ideas liked, motivated, and filled with self-reliance, urging optimism and hope, finding opportunities, and acquiring them, and the link between the slave and his Lord is one of the most important characteristics of the book ... The writer spoke of will and is much more important than strength. .. An idea that I liked about opportunities and resembled them like fish: small, non-valuable opportunities like small fish that we find near shores in shallow waters. As for great opportunities, they are more like big fish, similar to the great robes that need to go to the sea or dive into the depths. That is why we are not satisfied with the small opportunities, and we must dive, feed and persevere in the coldness of the sea until we get the big fish the great opportunities. ... important information ... like ... that science is the master of the mind ... and science is the primary source for forming the mind ... I advise you to read it, especially students, because they need it much more than others
An interesting story intellectually, historically and linguistically .. The characters are drawn in detail and perfection .. As if I met them personally and the plot makes the reader breath behind events sometimes and holds his breath in anticipation at other times .. I consider them the best that Ahmed Murad wrote. The narration is interesting, the language is beautiful, and the idea is unique ... I wish the novel was documented so that the reader could. Distinguishing facts from fiction. The author
What is this magnificence in the introduction and narration and beauty in the text and magnificence in the really easy and wonderful language Whoever was among you, let him throw me a stone
The book was nominated by Habib Qalbi Al-Nimr. This is why I love the book. . The book is one of the founding books. Initially he talks about the concept of existential sublimation and denying the principle of solitude. Then he addresses the problem of power and the problem of power. And between power, economics and industrialization, in the patterns of Pharaoh and Karun. The concept of the state: Does the state achieve the great concept of monotheism from the unity of God and the unity of faith And with that, the reason for his existence was achieved. The book is stressful because of its small size. Recommend it as a start for anyone interested in politics. :. Mountain headache
My words get lost when I try to express the novel as words, dialogue, and a story .... the flow of words on paper ... in a nutshell ... creativity
She drowned in a sea of her alphabet, she was despised by the letters, she told me the events of this romantic novel mixed with a sorrow that exists in our world.
More than cool. Everything was great, rooms are spacious and their services are very good. There are no notes for me
An excellent book and I recommend reading it, I did not find a neutral writer to present the facts to this extent and able to interpret psychological and political in this way ...
Abu Ahmad . The view is great..the beautiful thing in the hotel is that it contains a single winding ... its location is far from the sanctuary and the road is difficult to reach because the trip was accompanied by elderly people .. the cleanliness is not as expected ..
A collection of stories by Russian writer Vasily Grossman. In each of them you will find a message of appeal to humanity from that dark period during the World War ... Nazi crimes, the search for love in the midst of this chaos, and separate chapters talking about the writer and his life ... What sparked my attention is how Grossman described the beginning of the resurgence of that movement that killed a lot of Humans justify their authority. The idea of a better race began as if it were a joke or a joke circulating on the tongues of these professors and professors at the university. Just ideas for people one day, but once they are circulated as if they are hello or uncle in the evening, you can turn the whole world upside down. When Grossman spoke of the Holocaust and massacres that occurred to the Jews at the hands of the Nazis, your human heart cannot help but feel sorry for what some people have reached to achieve ridiculous ends even when the translator mentioned that Grossman exaggerated the numbers of victims, but that does not reduce the aggravation of crime and tragedy. Humans ’lives are not compared to just statistics .. The period during which Grossman lived might be a long break from what we live today, but we are still reading huge numbers of lives in the news and they have become mere numbers by which we count the remaining innocent human beings who paid for it for a despicable authority or interest Shriek .. It really screams from that period just now J This whole humanity as its contents of those stories ...
Frankly, the restaurant is very beautiful. The taste of the burgers is a fantasy of the service, I don’t know about it because we knock them on my turn and ask because the request is late, but on the day we see it, we’re in the car, and the place is small. I prefer that you call, and their prices are sweet.
Irony defines Muhammad and in this book inhabited him
Nice hotel, and make sure that you live in Al Safa Tower. Nice hotel and professional staff. Thank you employee Mohamed Madani for the good reception, the speed of the procedures and the professionalism in the work. nothing
The country does not govern only love, and integrity and justice need a force that protects them
good. . There must be a smoking room
Princess Hassan al-Desoki in this book. I arrived, she remains a princess, but ... the difference between a princess and a princess Hassan al-Desoki is that she separated herself and her soul completely from all external influences. Mahesh Amira bint Flan, son of Allan, came from the public Hatta, who grew up in the midst of knowledge. She is only a princess, like what she is and everything she reads. Writing a princess is very smooth and entertaining, and one of the few people that use it for expressions is very common now, as there was no fabricated costume like some books .. She simply broke her brain on paper. One of the literary needs was a challenge, but its currency was good. It was the repetition of certain paragraphs every little in the short story, and then the path of events or ideas changes, even though the paragraph is one .. It was very appropriate for the atmosphere of dreams, the majority of which is on the cam. You do not meet yourself in a dream by wearing it like this once and you go in different worlds, the paragraph was repeated and gave you some other ideas. One of the influencing needs in the book is his satisfaction that she was able to describe the symptoms of depression, which one rejects and its form, so that there is a factor that remains on the one .. Like what the heroine had to do with selling a story among them is a sense that it is good and normal it can be bored but it deforms itself and it is a sense that it only creates a certain pressure on it .. A sense of it is clowning, but it is a very painful reality .. It had many details like this, if I told it, I would list the text of the written stories But the book, although I liked it, I don&#39;t know, I recommend it to Maine ... I mean, a worker like what is a work in the utmost privacy .. I read and understand it and feel it, but I cannot suggest it to anyone because it is like what notes are in my hands .. Mtsniche no matter what affected me .. I thought I would make a group on Here, I call them Brains .. for all books that remain in shape are silver, even if they are deeper than that ... and those who have this night keep reading the needs that they list for this list.
Fine choices from Mohamed El Dabaa..very elegant like its cover and fun
Excellent. . The last time to exit the hour and a text
Depicting the events of the genesis of grammar science with Fantasy Ahmed Khaled Tawfik. A delicious book, and I became something of myself to:
I finished the book. The book is one of the most fascinating religious books I have read that talks about heavenly religions. No, it is the most amazing in my view. A book is very simple. It addresses the mind before anything. I really enjoyed this book. I recommend reading it tightly. In conclusion, I can only say. I say a little, and you say a little, and God is a little. is over
. Quiet ... and slick. The fees withheld by the reservation ... The hotel adds amounts as taxes. Without announcing this during booking..which causes problems with customers
Frankly, a very beautiful novel ... I was living in the oasis with them, and I read the book ... with great hard work
I read this story today and cried even though the end of the story was happy, but I cried about the loss of Ghassan Kanafani. If only the rest of the stories that he was writing to his niece Lamis would also be published.
A very important book ..
Thanks to Muhammad Sadiq, he did not disappoint me at the end of the novel. Really enjoyed reading.
Exceptional. A special thanks to Al-Jaber employee for his dedication to his work, and I wish him all the best.
Away from the translation of the book, part of the book’s contents was lost, and some errors in the information about the writers. However, compared to many books I have read on the same topic, the book remains the best so far
Everything that Ghassan Kanafani readers admired is how he can transform all this suffering into a written text. How can he squeeze the pain and immortalize it in the texts of readers. I live with his text. The suffering of the Palestinians in the camps is not the camps of these days, but the camps of the fifties and sixties ... The real suffering ... the story Umm Saad is the story of every Palestine that is given birth so that its children become either martyrs, prisoners, refugees or guerrillas .... Now I know why they killed Ghassan Kanafani, because if he lived, he could convey the suffering of the Palestinians in the camps and diaspora to the world without noise, but in the clearest form it can affect In the hardest of hearts
very good. Excellent for conservative families, cleanliness, tranquility, and privacy. I recommend staying for families, prompt check-out. Internet is not free, smoking only outside the hotel, taxes are very high
Wonderful book and reflect on some verses of the Noble Qur’an. Quiet style, objective view of Islamic reality, knowledge and awareness of Allah’s Sunnah in the universe, deep understanding of the verses of the Holy Qur’an, linking verses with life’s events and the state of the Islamic nation
Masterpiece imaginary need in photography, imagination, literary style and everything
I thank the management of the hotel, and I thank Bucking for choosing the upscale hotels. The hotel is clean and comfortable, the price is very reasonable, the staff are treated excellent, and I thank Bukking for choosing the upscale hotels .. nothing
Was Beautiful . Everything is beautiful. The internet is very weak, which makes us change the hotel in the future because my previous stay was in it, but this year the internet was bad
Excellent. The size of the apartment, the location close to the Jumeirah, the magnificent view of the palm .. quiet and very clean place for families ...
Genius book .. Evil smells of it ... but this is politics ... a dirty game
Do you want to know the meaning of sacrifice? I think that Firaswa Coupe revolves around this meaning, and with the genius of Manfalouti you can see the amount of sacrifice made by the hero. He was killed twice once for the sake of the homeland and once for the honor of his father.
The real face of the police, I am sure that most of the people who read the criticism will not make him my words forever, and they will show me an exaggeration in my description of the police, but when he watches the film, he will make sure that my words were in order; and that the policemen deserve all our appreciation and respect for them Certainly, elements of the police are completely the opposite, and they exploit power the worst abuse, but David Eyre showed the best face to the police through his movie The End of the Period and was able through the scenario of your love in the full sense of the word to present scenes and pictures of the sacrifices of these men, and how to live their day, and spend their lives with their mates It also provided a beautiful meaning To fulfill through the friendship between the two officers Taylor and Zvala that binds them, and the police officers ’belief in their duty and their work, and one of the most striking scenes is a clear and clear meaning of this scene. That his child has not yet been born .... And the love story that arose between Taylor and Janet could have increased from this aspect, especially when Zvala&#39;s wife spoke about her constant fear that he would not return ... David Ayer could have made many police films and their events revolve within the life of the policemen. Including the movie &quot;Training Day&quot; in general, and &quot;Kings&quot; The streets are public, but I believe that the end-of-patrol movie is one of the strongest films that provided a good image of the police, and the corrupt side did not appear to them. He did not rely on violent scenes significantly and most of them were part of the scene. Although the scene of the end was expected and I was sure that one of them would die, but David Eyre&#39;s professionalism in managing the scene made me doubt more than once in my expectations, especially since the events were quick in the scene of Zoukzala Zafala, a tribute to David Air and before him the loyal policemen
Enjoy this book
It is a tragedy of strange transformations that do not exclude one of the characters from the novel. The novel is rich narrative and human, and its rhythm is fast, especially near the end of it, and I can consider it an epic novel in which many strings are intertwined over a period of about thirty years of time that only the narrator / hero combines, to reveal the falsehood of masks. This society and its transformations may sometimes exceed a degree. What is taken on the novel only is the repetition of some linguistic lapses, in addition to the writer&#39;s excessive use of colloquial dialectic in the dialogue and sometimes in an apparently subconscious way at the heart of the narration itself, which are flaws in a literary work nominated for a major literary award and should have been devoid of work
A CV written by Rakia Al-Tantoori by herself. Narrative construction is personal in much of it, such as remembering the old days in Tantura with a selective memory of a resume and not with a narrative eye separate from the details it tells to confirm its occurrence. This increases the embodiment of Rakiat al-Tanturiya as a person who has an actual presence narrated these early days five decades after its occurrence. . Radwa Ashour thus stresses the composition of the Palestinian identity parallel to the issue as a personality that has its historical, cultural, social and human heritage, not summarized in the historical political issue and the major significance of it, because the identity building must be more solid and more rooted from the historical historical conditions, however long and affected The formation of the identity of an entire generation or more. Because if I summarize this, this identity will fade in theory by recovering the land and ending the case as a result of its concentration on something casual without a long human history.
Good hotel in terms of cleanliness. Close proximity to the campus, buses are available around the clock, room cleanliness. Breakfast is great, good customer service. There is no parking and the roads leading to the hotel are very narrow and Wi-Fi service is not available. Central shower service is not good
Gorgeous . Everything I liked about the hotel was amazing, in every sense of the word.
Excellent experience for me with a limited budget. The hotel is clean, new furnishing, the reception staff are friendly and helpful, there is a Costa Café next to the reception, a buffet restaurant, and excellent food and reasonable price. The hotel is located far away, near it is services away from the city center, and the markets need a very expensive taxi
An amazing hostel that has everything you need, excellent value for price, friendly in the center of the historical center of Istanbul, Big Apple Hostel is located near the Hagia Sophia and the Blue Mosque in the attractive Sultanahmet area. The mosque can even be seen about a meter away from the roof-covered garden covered with glass. The inn offers double rooms which we rented in addition to shared rooms. You can reach most parts of the city&#39;s Taksim party area, Bosphorus ferries, etc. Within minutes. We stayed in Big Apple Hostel for two nights in March. The room costs were TL for a double room = EUR. After the fourth night, we got a discount of one percent. A simple but convenient breakfast is included in the price, including wraps, cheese, coffee or tea, jam, chocolate, butter, eggs and ham. Breakfast is served in the roof garden, from which you can enjoy a wonderful view overlooking the Sea of Marmara and the rooftops of Sultanahmet. It surprised me how a hostel of this quality and on this website could be at such an excellent price. The staff at Big Apple Hostel is always friendly and attentive, speaks correct English and has tips as well as recommendations for their guests to spend time in Istanbul. The only negative point in my opinion is stray cats entering the roof garden from outside from time to time in search of shelter there and / or something to eat. So the roof garden has some smell that I didn&#39;t like but, frankly, I don&#39;t like cats at all. Last but not least: Big Apple Hostel is excellent in price and well located in Istanbul with friendly staff and very good service.
We went to Cairo yesterday after spending days in this wonderful hotel. We returned to Cairo yesterday after spending days in this wonderful hotel. It is an ideal place to spend a vacation with your family. From the first entry to the hotel lobby, reception staff like Professor Sharif Muhammad and Professor Haitham give you a smile that reassures you and feels to you. With confidence that you chose the right place, a very big opening for them and facilitating them for everything. The level of food and drink is great. The place itself is very charming, very quiet, and a greeting also to Professor Hussein in the reception bar. Frankly, we are preparing the days to come back in the next upcoming vacation, God willing. The e
While reading, I wished the pages were proliferating because I liked it
Announce the flight boarding time ... the world is changing. It is not what it used to be but most people do not realize .. Is this really the end? Man, I&#39;m still excited and eagerly awaiting the rest of the events. I am waiting for the rest of the investigation and how they will collect the rest of the threads, even though they are clear to me, but they are more beautiful to read. I wait to know who is the big head in London. What happened to Saad. What was the content of the message that Moshe left for Talat? What is the role of Moshe and Abdul Rahman in the events? What will Naim do after discovering these underground groups? Finally, it is a novel full of exciting events. And exciting information. It is interesting to learn about events from our history that we do not know in this way novels
My favorite Marriott Hotels group wherever you travel. A complete, comfortable hotel, away from the hassle and crowding of buildings and streets around it, on its own, in order to relax, relax, and be unique with privacy, so I put Marriott in my favorites. Everything is perfect I did not see what annoys me
Very beautiful . Peace of mind and complete privacy. Lack of restaurants and eating options
The novel is very depressing ... But from my point of view, the novel afflicts you with depression, as this is one of the factors of its success ... Yes ... the heroine who did not like many: submissive, very weak, and little trick ... submissive to the selfish hero. I believe that the writer succeeded in portraying the suffering of a significant group of Eastern women. The events are disturbing, but they happened and are still happening and are repeated .. There is nothing wrong with highlighting them
good. This second visit and everything is very good.
I will not hesitate to come to hotel reservation. I did not try breakfast honestly, but I tried the dinner and it was good. The hotel is new and its location is very excellent and close to the Burj Khalifa and Dubai Mall and there is a bus for delivery to the Dubai Mall for free. The furniture is luxurious and clean, and there is free parking, in addition to a supermarket next to it, and they have delicious meals and delivery to the hotel. I did not find anything wrong with the hotel except the swimming pool was closed for maintenance in addition to the presence of maintenance work for the entrance to the fences, knowing the entrance works, but it is somewhat narrow
water . . There is no hot water for bathing
How beautiful it is for a person to have, after his death, a science that does not stop his work. The collection of hadiths mentioned by the writer, may God have mercy on him, is a treasure. Wonderful book. Initially, it seemed boring to me that I used a lot of graphic images. But after careful reading I found him a very beautiful book
Wonderful vacation, thank you everyone, the place is beautiful, and we will come back again. The staff was friendly in the Mexican, Brazilian, Italian, Fountain and Olive Restaurant, and the three mango bar were also Mohamed. They were amazing, cheerful, and friendly. They made the vacation a great thing. They cleaned all the time. The only negative was that we had to return to our country.
Whatever you say, I will not fulfill this narration. I didn&#39;t even evaluate it all this time because I felt it was too much for evaluation or comment. But I also ... can&#39;t leave it like this without giving it the largest rating available
Exceptional. Everything is great. There is no
Wonderful. The location of the hotel overlooks the sea and you can walk to the beach. The furniture is old and does not match the location and classification of the hotel
One of the most beautiful books of Ahmed Murad is a really interesting novel
| The oppressed is more subject to suspicion and speculation than the oppressor, especially if the oppressed is a woman and the oppressor is a man. Although this quote in the twenties of the last century, but its effect is still present at noon today
America&#39;s imperialism is more dangerous to the world than Hitler&#39;s Nazism or Mussolini&#39;s fascism. Nazia Hitler, who was seeking to occupy the world militarily with weapons, is less effective than American economic imperialism by the weapon of luxury and ignorance in the oil countries, famines and poverty in the oil countries. The book presents a successor to one of the writer&#39;s ancestors, not the actual, but spiritual, grandfather who is Thomas Bean, who participated in sensitizing the common sense or logic of his people and signing the independence document before in the past. And he wants from this book to wake up awakening to break economic dependency and protect the country that was not affected by the economic occupation from the occurrence of these disasters again with the wisdom of experience and coexistence and experience and prick of conscience
Exceptional. Everything was beautiful. The cleanliness of the sea was very, very, very, very bad. Soft drink cans. Plus the smell of the sea in the morning is very bad.
Beautiful and wonderful will be repeated, God willing. The hygiene crew is reasonably priced. The furniture is clean, but the old one must change, and the closet was rustic and broken. The change must also be made or maintained
No comment . No comment. No comment
Motivating and inspiring content
After I read this book, I knew the arrangement of my thoughts, I knew what was the priority in terms of implementation, I knew its true father from the mistake of my thoughts, and in my opinion the most important color of the caps is the blue color, now the hat can control the rest of the hats and control them
I do not have the right to establish a book written by Al-Ghazali and on the supplication of the Seal of Prophets, but I say from the books that are worth reading once, two and three but rather a reference
A wonderful and terrifying narration, which will affect the state of our society, and the novel is new in its kind. And one of the most beautiful quotes that came out with it. We are two peoples, two peoples, two peoples. Look first where. And the second Finn. And do the line between the two Pivot. And the comparison made by the writer, Ali Lisan, is one of the protagonists between the Balfour Declaration. The case of Egypt is a very sad and expressive comparison.
The problem of the country is that you each one with a little papers showing facts or corruption preferably kept in it until the world is ruined, it would have been better if the book was published during the era of Abdel Nasser so we know Zabalto for what it is, but the truth is clear no matter how long the country is ruined from the hour of its military ruler . Down the military rule, all the military dogs fall. Read history, whoever reads history never enters despair in his heart. ..
Increase the level of Arabism in the blood .. The writer&#39;s style is very appropriate.
A wonderful. Although I am not satisfied with the language of the translation, the novel with its events and sequences is refined. And I touched my heart’s craving and my curiosity
Without spelling errors, the novel would be given stars
just awesome . New hotel and distinctive brand in the hotel.
good. . Dealing office rent cars
This book has a pleasant smell that I smell everything that tanned in front of my library. It was the first book with pale yellow leaves that I took from the library of my grandfather&#39;s house on the night of our travel at the end of the summer. How much I loved the little boy or the stubborn boy, he is just like the rock of the earth and rushing like a torrential volcano. I miss this book’s soul, in which there is a special Palestinian, which I do not know, and I try to see its parts among the reflections of the atrophied meanings in the words, which the narrator dwelt in his soul, but his letters did not seek.
Great book and change my way of thinking:
I recommend it. everything. Hours
With Boudl ... do not swap. Furnishing, hygiene and price. There is no restaurant in Boudl Al-Tahlia
Light blood book: I do not know why people do not like it. It is true that I do not think that he was interested in presenting logical solutions to problems, as long as he is not interested in presenting the problem itself: But it is the idea that people are let alone see themselves .. one means what he reads about a situation and shows a reflection. For his behavior, and he knows that people are upset with this behavior, and he avoids doing it. the problem :/
Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud, you have all the respect and the best regards to giving
A splendor embodying my comfort with the Armani Hotel Dubai. It really won my admiration for my stay at the Armani Hotel Dubai, where the crew is very fun and the service is excellent and also the furniture and views of the Dubai Fountain make you not forget the moments that I stayed in the hotel and also very close to the Dubai Mall and there is a very beautiful Indian restaurant and an Italian restaurant. An outdoor pool and I recommend staying there, whether for work or with the family on vacation. Majed Taher / Saudi Arabia, Jeddah
My favorite restaurant is a wonderful and luxurious restaurant and delicious food. The best thing I like about the restaurant is lunch from hour to hour in the afternoon. Choose a meal and enjoy salad and soup for free. I do not hide from you that I go to this restaurant for the savory salad that has more than one class. Eating, plastic is the best option. He graduated from it, but he was not satisfied and decided to return his visit
May God bless you, the best of vision. I enjoyed reading this book in a deep Mustafa Mahmoud simple style. At the last page, I wondered why it ended? Question: I found it by more than one book reader. I just wish the existing hadiths had been graduated to ensure they were authentic. Oh God, put us together with the best of sleep
First, Ahmed Bahjat&#39;s style liked me a lot and attracted me from the first moment. I like, for example. Egyptian cat laces. Get off, benefit him, see Yasid. The teacher built the cash. A second one of love. It is a very entertaining book. I smiled in some of his topics, depressed in some of his stories, and giggled in others
Excellent. The beauty of the hotel and the service are good. The restaurant, the chef who served breakfast and the open buffet, did not understand anything about cooking and what was served did not match the amount paid
They are the messages and what they make in their fans and those who are watching their streak.
Shopping fun . The location is very excellent especially for restaurants and shopping very close. There is no children&#39;s pool
Stayed sweet, but the reason is below. The room&#39;s comfort. The reception staff is very poor and they must be trained extensively
After I finished yesterday reading the novel The Wretched of the Earth by the dean of Arabic literature, Dr. Taha Hussein In it, as if you really live with them, and that is because of the ingenuity of Dr. Taha Hussein, that he can transfer the reader with his imagination with him. . Taha Hussein&#39;s method was very unique, as he engages the reader with him in his writing and selects him from among the words and titles. The difference between the Arabic novel and the foreign novel translated in my reading of this valuable novel. . . Before reading it, I asked my father about the reason for confiscating this book, and he answered and understood his answer through my reading as well, as the novel has a political part that talks about loving the country in it, just as the social part of it opposes the government and shows its inability to advance and advance the country. . In the end, I enjoyed a lot of the novel and lived with it for a whole day, one of the most beautiful days I lived in. I hope to live more days like it with other novels of the same kind.
Wonderful. . Log in as it is only possible from the afternoon and at any time
Riyadh. Cleanliness and variety of food served in breakfast buffet and suhoor They mentioned on the site that in free transportation to the campus, but it was not true, we ride a bus and crowd it and take a symbolic sum of riyals on us, but I wished credibility in mentioning the hotel specifications. Room services are slow. We came back from the age.
Thank you very much. everything. nothing
The hotel is very comfortable. .
Exceptional. Place cleanliness and staff. The size of the room is rather small
I was very happy with this book: A sense that I used to see Naguib Al-Rihani in a movie, but the difference was that he was talking to me. The same style, supplies and jokes:. Najib al-Rihani was very good, forbidden, where there were situations in which his life was not met, but he was satisfied, and life in him was fluctuated with one of the greatest successes of fils and complete failure. The first thing that started the book is, I said, I wish someone would make a movie about Naguib and take advantage of the diaries, but after I concluded it, I said, Balash, the best thing that he will use is the sweetness of his life and the sweetness of his diaries that he wrote with his hands.
Recreation trip. I was happy to stay in this hotel and this is the second time and I advise anyone who wants to relax and stay away from the hassle of staying in it. Lack of a water spray in the bathroom in the room. Instead of a sprinkler, there is a chair that does not fit a large segment of people
Regardless, it is long, but enjoyable and very deep
A wonderful book by Salman Al-Awda, and a beautiful trip was with this book. And all the themes were very beautiful. Here are some quotes. Even you, my friend, are like the moon. You have a dark face that cannot be seen ... .... Love is the soul&#39;s serenity before and after the body revolution ... Salman Al-Awda
Creamy Ideas book, if you are not a well-educated intellectual, I advise you not to waste your time reading it
A wonderful poetic biography. The first book I read from cover to cover by Nizar Qabbani
Generally good. The site is very beautiful.
Sadness has a fingerprint that prints to the heart, soothes and coexists with it. But if a person refers grief to beauty with his words, that is the miracle. Dear reader, let yourself be relieved from the trouble of time with the words of the magician Makhzenji. Believe me, you will taste a sweetness that you did not feel before ....
Exceptional. The service is very excellent and the spa is very comfortable. Wi-Fi is stronger
Needing many stars to fulfill the novel, its right is creative and impressive to the fullest extent and touched on a thorny issue that makes you want to know more about it and to what extent it is possible that the Masonic thought dominates the world and to the extent that we will give up our custom and our traditions and sometimes our religion just for imitation Blind to the West The novel is really scary, but not in the vulgar way, but with the terrifying description of the reality we live in.
Abu Abdul Aziz . The location of the site near the Sacred Mosque. Some comments about old and other furniture are incorrect. No breakfast, no room service, such as ironing clothes
. ...... .. . . . .... . . . .. ؟ .....

Imam Abu Hamid al-Ghazali explained the most famous difference and doctrines known after his study and reading in their books, such as speakers, mysticism, Sufism, and philosophers .. He explained the most important disadvantages and things that he found in each group, in addition to the correct principles and ideas that do not contradict Islam, .. and cited in His book is his responses to the suspicions and arguments raised by some groups with proof and correct logic .. Imam Al-Ghazali talked about his experience that changed the course of his life after the spiritual and intellectual struggle that he suffered, so he decided isolation for a year away from the prejudice, knowledge and fame he acquired while he was studying in Baghdad, and I influenced him This isolation, etc. Loh God and guided him to know the right way.
Excellent . Good service and treatment of employees.
Wonderful stay. The rooms and suites are spacious and clean, and the view from the rooms is very cool .. The parking is not spacious and I advise not to enter the car in the parking spaces so as not to be damaged by the narrow entrance.
I would like 500 copies to hide in my car and everyone who faces me will give him one.
Wonderful. The cleanliness and treatment of the staff is wonderful and the air conditioning. Wi-Fi is weak
Monster need cover photo
The right book at the right time..I love God when he sends me a gift like a candle in the darkest darkness..time is very accurate ..
A book that every Muslim should study
good. Parking. There is no restaurant in the hotel that needs a taxi to go to the campus
I recommend it to everyone. The staff are very comfortable and the reception is great. The air conditioning is excellent. The overall cleanliness is excellent. There are situations, but it is not good enough
Exceptional. nothing. The hotel is old decor, there are no fevels in the walls, but the air-conditioned TV has caught too cold and you can&#39;t control the bathroom inside. It was harmful in two days because it was close to the meeting place, but if it was the second time from the first day you left the hotel
very good. The location of the hotel. The bed is too small
Best stay in the best hotel. The visit will be repeated soon. Location, reception and absolute comfort
Beautiful hotel. . Wi-Fi coverage is very weak
Beautiful, sad. My uncle Faraj cried me, and I am not in a state of strength over the crying. Quote from it:. In every star lost a lost dream. A cloud wearing blacksmith clothes. In the run, swarms of late tuberculosis. He forgot to sing, so he became a locust swarm. . I would like to say to Uncle Faraj:. It suffices you that you returned home and died under its soil and water. We dream that we can smell the scent of no more there. ...
A special book contains many meanings that require us to re-read it once, two, ten and hundred .. These meanings that must remain in our minds must be understood before we begin our journey with prayer ...
Frankly speaking, Mahmoud Mahmoud with a sense that he addresses the mind and only. And explain the needs of Lea, I felt that I looked hard on her. When he said in this book that our Lord breathed on us from his soul. For we are a god on earth. Every human being is a god:
The hotel is excellent and quiet..Thank you to the staff Amar and greeting their smile. They were able to add another day. Breakfast needs a few additions and improvements, such as separating families from individuals.
I love the color blue so much. Because of its unique meanings. And because it leaves a deep positive impact on the soul. But as usual with Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq. You see things with a completely different perspective ... trauma limit. What he narrated here in this book about blue. It is worth straining my relationship with this color that I love so much. How can I see in this color my psychological comfort. And I know that whenever I glimpse it, I will immediately remember what I read here. I hate any artistic color that promotes psychological horror. However, I cannot resist reading this genius writer
Beautiful .. light, it takes more than an hour to read. For the first time, I know that Alzheimer&#39;s is organic and not psychological. And a serious disease that causes death ... God uses the help of my Lord to heal his patients ..
I do not reserve this website in the future. The hotel is amazing and beautiful, and it is one of the best hotels in Makkah, but the price was very expensive. It is advisable to book it, book it through the hotel website or contact them directly .. The booking website is very expensive.
A wonderful book benefited from him very much
A lot of time has passed since I read a novel with this passion .. African Lyon takes you to completely new worlds. Amin Maalouf, with his narrative lightness, works to make us live every detail of his charming and exquisite narratives, and his forty years of love, the details of which are precisely loved .. Initially, Salma was free and then came the amulets and followed them Sheikh I ask forgiveness of God after all this. The years of the fall, the festival, and the departure at the end of all come within the first book of Granada, among the four books which are Granada, Fes, Cairo, and Rome, where events, memories, and stories are transmitted between these cities and between these cities. The life of Hassan bin Muhammad Al-Wazzan is distributed or from He became known as John Liu The African N .. The African Lyon does not need a flood of temptations and arguments to get you to read it. She alone will ensure the mission is smart enough to drag you into her details to make this human interlocking called Tara El Hassan Wazzan and at other times, John Lyon of Africa. And it is possible for Al-Zayati, Al-Granati, Al-Fassi, and Al-Afriki who are speaking in his Arabic, Castilian, Berber, Persian, and Italian vernacular, and whose life constitutes the least anticipated journey according to his definition of himself in the beginning to make him compel you to listen to reverence completely, he speaks now he writes rather he tells his stories and the stories of the countries and cities that he lived. He is writing now on the ship heading from Naples to the African shore accompanied by his wife Madelina writing to call us a book that is difficult not to read .. The scenes and events reveal hundreds of small scattered details that we will definitely try to search for what intersects with them the aspects of our living life until now that he narrates as If he has a good knowledge of our individual nature, he will recite in a way that makes him able to satisfy everyone about the progress of events, making them readers interacting with every curve of the details of the complex story .. In African Lyon, you will taste the taste of cities and their distinctive smell, this person will force you to call it good or Lyon or whatever you want There is no difference in the label If it is just banners of one mood and an unbridled desire for life, it will force you to leave everything you have and go with him to the end in the journey of life and the forty years .. You will always find him talking with passion about Granada Granada, the last stronghold of the Andalusians and the lost paradise of the eternal immigrants from Jews and Muslims, it is the lost dream that it is who tells about it Ibn Al-Wazzan, with a crowd of feelings, tells about markets and customs. Festivals, amateurs, jugglers and sorrowful clowns are not their usual. Our friend moves from one country to another and witnesses the annihilation of another country and ascends. In his account of the events of his miraculous journeys, our multiple friend turns into a narrator who resembles his way many The method of Ibn Battuta’s narration of his travels and the wonders that happened his way wherever he settled his trips are full of stories of wonderful tribes and tales that include a young boy at fifteen presented as a gift that expresses good intentions and desirability of a poem there is also the desert in all its pain and in the middle there are the biographies of the hitters and jugglers and clowns and bandits that it He tells without hesitation or reservation that he tells you about worlds with which your imagination will join hands with your aroused and longing desire to hang out in the country of God without restriction or condition mitigating from every fabrication or connection .. This strange Andalusian lives many stories and turns his life continuously and turns into folds Strange and disjointed, but none of that hurts him, for he who celebrated what ever he celebrated in sealing the Qur’an never found him bored in accepting his baptism at the hands of one of the popes in his rum and did not make a big difference to him during his many moves between the regions to practice many things that may suggest completely ignorance in Religion matters or completely immorality on the other side. What is between drinking wine and enjoying a Circassian mistress before she decides that her husband will be located Hassan al-Wazzan our traveling friend who goes for Hajj with the black stone, letting him believe that he only accepts the hand of God .. the African continues to enthrall him and the voice of light comes to him this time strong if she is in a state of passion and anxiety So she quickly decides the truth about her husband, crying in the face, from any clay. You are satisfied that losing one city after another, losing a country after another, losing a woman after another without ever struggling, and without ever regreting it, and without ever looking behind you ..? . The answer is broken, that the life between Andalusia that I left and the paradise that I promised is nothing but a journey, and I do not mean anywhere and do not covet anything, and I am not satisfied with my desire to live to my instinct for happiness, just as I am assured of the fairness of the sky .. And Al-Wazzan is entering a new chapter in Romah, the idle city. The holy city, the eternal city, you will find everywhere, mitigated by every burden, not tired of much of what leaves behind it. What is important is that he makes one of them now .. At the end of the novel comes the advice of the father to his son, wherever you are, some of them will want to dig into your skin and prayers, so be careful to tickle their instincts, my son, and beware that You acquiesce in the crowd, so you are a Muslim A Jew or a Christian must satisfy you as you are or lose you. And when the minds of people waving to you, tell yourself the land of God is wide and spacious, which is his hand and heart. Never hesitate to move away from overseas, beyond all frontiers, homelands and beliefs .. Of course, it is not possible to overlook the great role of those who transmitted this work to Arabic Dr. Afif Damascene who appears through the story and its captivating language and how much effort is made to find compatible linguistic structures Or sometimes advanced over the language of the original French language .. In the end, it is a free invitation to keep this writer crazy.
Before I start my evaluation of the book and its narration, I want to focus on an important point .. The five stars that I gave to this book is for his audacity and his talk about an issue very close to my heart .. An issue I suffer whenever I hear that a member of society is suffering from it .. I salute him despite the suffering .. He came out With successes to be counted, he was able to convert from his suffering into a value ... The book tells the biography of a man who is called in our society the title of unknown parents and this title is one of the lightest surnames on the ear, as the community mastered in launching titles and phrases on children who have no fault but their presence in societies Cruel .. punish them for sins that are not known by the book, in which he tells his biography and the attitudes of Lula Its quality when it is what is today .. These attitudes are negative or positive that give the book a special flavor because it makes you feel the reality of suffering and its sincerity .. I finished the book in less than an hour, which confirms that the book is interesting, interesting and sometimes sad .. Points I hope the writer will notice in the future Since he promised a second part of his biography that he would not lengthen the description of the lessons he learned, for example in half of the book I imagined that I was reading an administrative book where I found him moving away from the story and writing to us explanations of administrative decisions he made ... I do not deny that it is fun but it was not in its place, In addition to elaborating on the Umrah trip, it was not the right place. May God grant him success in his life It must be an example of perseverance and success in achieving his dreams Ovgah that line had at the end of the book.
Exceptional. Quiet and clean place. Good reception from the counter staff and the price is very reasonable.
Any human being cannot be devoid of dignity, no matter how insignificant. No matter what the matter is, there is no escape from calculation. Tomorrow the sun will rise on a green ground and a pure atmosphere. In any case, the sleepers woke up and alert the heedless. Don&#39;t let personal emotions spoil your business. Gentlemen, that the history of Egypt appears with your appearance on the stage, and before that, darkness in darkness
The right hotel in the right place. The location is comfortable, Wi-Fi, the staff, the value, the valet service, the hotel is excellent .. nothing I didn&#39;t like.
Exceptional. The staff is very cool. nothing
A book that strips us of our prejudices, prejudices, and party, and makes us only Arabs. We are for the homeland, for the land, for freedom, for peace, for love..and we all suffer from oppression, tyranny, fear, and war..I like this writer so much and his beautiful sarcasm; because the more we laugh at our condition, the more we know the amount of our selves and we seek to reform unlike when we manage our mistakes and hide them so we never rise again .
I would have written without a doubt that it was wonderful if it was for a writer other than Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq..I used to be his novel above the wonderful..to see it for the details of the slums. Those slums that are part of our society and none of them will be able to read our opinion about them..We lived in Khaled Youssef films where other laws we did not accustom to..Why did the novel unfold with much of the rudeness of reality and the mouths of common sense became hungry with food and sex ... Details of the revolution as we are bored to read it. Perhaps it will be wonderful for generations to come who have not been stifled by the details of reality like us .... The narration in its entirety is between Murad and Essam Muwafaqah, and I would have liked Essam to stay and finish his narration ... despite everything I loved. .. And I loved those cameras that live in the same scene from different angles ... It seems that reality will take literature to ways that we had not imagined before ... even if you do not like the novel. Do not blame the writer..the reality is my master ... and the last pages of the novel are the most beautiful. It is the same story. ... Ahmed Khaled Tawfik ,,, I am and still will be my favorite writer .. Greetings ..
Calm and comfortable. Quiet place, the simplicity of the neighborhood and the location close to the sea, Sharjah beaches. The corresponding parking spaces are not clear and crowded
I read it when I was in junior high school, and I was then forgiven by God. I face a fundamental dilemma with prayer, so it kindly gently and lays its pillars in my heart. May God reward him with his gifts of the highest paradise
Great for the family too .. the lobby is perfect. This is the only drawback. Close to the GPR walkway. Go down to him on your man .. Of course the hotel is on the marina promenade, and this is very impressive. The lake view is another thing. The lobby is not too small.
As usual, Naguib Mahfouz impressed me and made me with his enjoyable style think like the characters of the novel, and feel what they feel .. Ghassan from the characters that made me think of isolation and depression, and his inferior view of others and himself, internal struggle, despite his frustration, I liked:. I was not so fortunate to see the series: I was convinced that this is what made it easier for me to follow the novel quietly and enjoyably:. I tried to draw a family tree for the novel. The idea is adapted from translating a hundred years of isolation by Professor Saleh Almani. The link is attached below: : //. . / / ...
Excellent . Recommend and repeat it. Lower barking is not allowed
I recommend it. The reception is excellent, the response speed and spaciousness. The cleanliness of the room and the reception in particular, Sharon or Charlton, issued an employee deserving appreciation for the good treatment.
I loved you more than I should and forgive are two sides of the same coin, but the first we see the story from Jumana&#39;s point of view and the second we see the story from the perspective of Abdulaziz
A book of the type of light books in which the writer tends to be simplicity and imagines to you from its simplicity that it tends to colloquial more than the standard Arabic. A collection of articles which are positions that may have occurred to the writer already and may be imaginative. This book can be read in the event that you feel the need to distract your attention from a topic for its simplicity and the lack of your need for intense focus or thinking just to smile from time to time
Freedom and Flood Book by Kuwaiti writer Dr. Hakim Al-Mutairi reviews the stages of the development of Islamic political discourse from the beginning of the construction of the Messenger of God, PBUH, to the Islamic state in the city to contemporary times, and the change in this speech that had a great impact on the psychological and ideological defeat experienced by the Islamic nation to this day. the present. One of the most important reasons for this defeat was the absence of the Shura principle and its substitution with the principle of inheriting judgment, and the fact has been made worse by the legalization of the hereditary system by some scholars of the nation, until any criticism of the authority became a departure from obedience to the guardian even though the first generation was keen to be on The ruler preached and strengthened the matter for him by virtue and forbade him from evil ... Dr. Al-Mutairi had previously written on this subject a group of leading scholars and thinkers of the nation, the most prominent of whom was the late thinker Sayyid Qutb, may God have mercy on him in his books The Battle of Islam and Capitalism and landmarks in the road and Islam and social justice, as Sheikh Al-Ghazali wrote On the same topic in His book Islam and political tyranny. And this book is an extension of what was written before, a diagnosis of the miserable state that the Islamic nation has reached, and a clear condemnation of the nation’s scholars who participated with the authority in disrupting one of the pillars of Islam, which is the Shura .. And the Messenger of God, pbuh, said when he said: To denounce Islam’s loop, loop The loop of people clung to the next, and the first of them reversed the ruling and the last prayer.
I enjoyed the hotel. The place is calm and comfortable. nothing
It was said that in the reeds a divine secret, God Almighty had deposited it in the chest of the Prophet Muhammad, and the Prophet could not carry it and he permitted it to Ali bin Abi Talib, and commanded him not to reveal it to anyone. And allowed him to cane that valley. From that day on, every nai of reeds produces a tone that is divine secret, which is forbidden to utter by words. I&#39;ll be between the almonds. Hussein Al-Barghouti
The hotel is beautiful. No thanks. the value
Great hotel. Location and services compared to the size of the hotel. nothing
The book put pressure on my mind to the extent that I can not tolerate it. I do not know. It is the truth. All the facts support the book’s words. I need years of research to reach the result. Thank you, Professor Tharwat for the book.
Wonderful and rich, the experience of the inspiring Muhannad Abudi added a lot, an interesting title and a simple, easy style .. it must change something about you
good. Of course, the most important feature of the hotel is its location, it is the closest hotel to the Prophet’s Mosque, especially the Women’s Gate, and the closest to the visit .. The hotel has retreated a lot, the furniture is old like it is, and everything has become old.
She used pure narration, but the story and plot were perfect. Also, a few writers wrote about the issue of the headscarf or Islam in general as far as I know. .. I wished the novel had a certain end, but it is definitely one of the novels that, upon completion, made me feel like losing a friend
Exceptional. . Breakfast
A great experience and I will repeat it every time. Everything is perfect. The Roman will answer them late, I need to call every time until someone answers. And eating is normal ..
Brief but intense, and he did not approve to present a book on the revolution as a reference, but he wanted to provide some glimpses of concepts and issues that he saw as effective in the cause of the revolution in the Arab world as we call it the Arab Spring .. His talk about Islamic political heritage, even if it came to a brief but excellent. This book should not be taken as a guide to the revolution, but it is a pen head for the most important thing related to this concept and what was raised around it to open the horizon for thinking, research and reflection on what is related to it in the current situation .... and it is really useful. I thank his gifts:
The first readings of Emily and it certainly will not be the last, God willing. Nice feeling for the three hours that it took me to read the novel. I read about an old friend, and I understand each other completely, and sometimes I read about myself. Her thoughts and conversations with herself made me smile often. Their narration is very smooth, and for me there was no moment of boredom. Last but not least, the story of my happiness revolves in Japan
Before I thought about reading it, I liked the cover and the name of the novel, and it occupied me for some time ... I followed it a while ago, but I did not read it and I do not know a specific reason for that. The strings of the novel fit in lightness and beauty from the first sight with the sun&#39;s rays in its first pages, the stream of its witch attracts you strongly to complement the other pages. Throughout my short readings trip, I adore the interesting or different beginning to the extent that makes me interested in the novel in principle, and Dr. Khawla succeeded in that .. As usual, I write literary business reviews that I have read. I will not narrate the plot, contenting myself with those who preceded me and leaving the opportunity for those who wanted to see it themselves .. .. The novel is characterized, in all honesty, in a language so sophisticated that it feels the touch of the female in her lines. The expressions are felt and vibrant with feelings and thoughts. Rather, the writer phoned the words with great care. The language was so easy and easy in durability, so the eugenic method known as the easy abstraction came. The vocabulary may not be new, but it is handpicked by the refining of literature, respect for the reader’s readiness, and the woman’s modesty, so I left her touch alive on the text .. and the plot came very coherent and complete. Reality, if any, or what I read is what actually happened. Rather, I feel certain that most of the novel does not have any connection with reality, which I may be wrong, but it is my own opinion. However, the plot was not disturbed and was not displaced by the writer, so that she could walk away from her strings .. The characters of the novel came full of vitality and realism to a very large extent, and the writer succeeded in embodying it on paper in front of the reader, making it saturated with it and drowning in its details. I loved Rima and pitied her..I liked Ahmed, Hassan, and any of them and the Mujahid youth, and their friendship and sincerity attracted me to this point .. Nanda and her terrain related her story until she settled in her quiet life that she desires..and she was attached to Jacob and his family; you can say: I melted in the characters of the novel but I was annoyed by The idea of Nada&#39;s distress that Ahmed returned lost his memory and did not remember her, and that she saw that he forgot her. How? . However, there are some notes that have stopped me, such as the overlapping of some words along the pages of the novel. No one can deny that the novel aims to spread the correct idea about Islam and exclude any impurities related to its dress due to the mistakes of its affiliates, and the novel cultivated this in some way, but it did not succeed in the way that it wanted or it appears in the overall work; the arguments were flimsy or traditional even The questions that she saw as thorny were raised by many Muslims and non-Muslims before them, and I also hoped that the heroine or novelist would raise more severe questions that would add to the reader what he might not know about what Islam is, as well as who is by his nature a Muslim who felt that he had to narrate To add to it the new about Islam And his morals, which many are unaware of. It is not surprising that Dr. Khawla has masterfully succeeded in being a distinguished novelist because the story was brilliant, quick and fast-paced, but she, and I regret, did not succeed in her message that she tried so hard to convey to the extent that she succeeded in narrating the novel. Nada&#39;s belief was more based on feelings and heart than on reason and perception, as well as most of the personalities who converted to Islam, even if he may deviate from the norm the child, Sara. I do not find what was presented that causes the mind to give in with the embrace of Islam .. The end may seem to some people somewhat flimsy, but they are adept at creating them and merging them into the folds of the text. Likewise, I was satisfied with some indignation and apprehension when Nada married Hassan. The novel is beautiful, distinctive and upscale ... Thank you, Dr. Khawla Hamdi
When we see foreign action films, we feel a little exaggeration in breakthroughs, clashes, confrontations, etc. But in this book, I lived with that atmosphere and realized that it was only in Palestine and with such a hero and others that she lived and lived and became a reality and a reality. One of the most wonderful things I read, in the fun way that attracts you to finish in hours, with painful and wonderful events. Like your presence, hero and the presence of militants and prisoners, we are proud and proud, and we pray for victory, and we hope that many will follow in your footsteps.
In the first ... it seems boring ... the speech of the second saint to the people was genius .... and he is unable to convince people that their prayers prevent the plague ... the death of the saint ... and the death of the child ... that people will doubt you with their faith ... Taro ... And Kotar ... the only friend of the plague
Excellent hotel and everyone is helpful. The pool is beautiful and the rooms are clean. nothing
A book that spreads happiness and optimism in oneself ... Very beautiful ,
By God, I know this restaurant from time to time, the best and cleanest broast in Riyadh. I tried more than one restaurant, because what I found was better than it in terms of workers. From the day I got to know the restaurant, they are present. Potatoes are excellent, garlic is excellent, I recommend trying
And if you choose a homeland. I wouldn’t mind my country. If I forget you, my life. The heart&#39;s love ... forget me. If you put a trail. In your eyes .. my address. I liked it because I feel like he&#39;s writing to express ourselves. Very cool ..
Hard to tell one of the most beautiful novels and loved her very much
I love my father I tell .. There are never two similar orange in this world. It took me three hours that novel took me a while to complete reading it, the creative work that you rarely read anything like, for the first time in my life I cried while reading, and as usual I am not affected quickly and I am not sincere emotional, but it is possible that the events touched me and I felt it like I was the hero completely, and a similarity between a character George the hero and me .. Truly, it is a fascinating novel by all standards, in which the writer blended between the tight narration and the direct narration, between the lengthy dialogue and extending the conversation, long dialogues between the heroes, the exchange of narration between them, in which the hero George held the reins and was the narrator The interpreter and analyst of thought, think of Saramago&#39;s style In narration and interference, however, here the hero was from within the novel, unlike Saramago, the translation style was similar to Saramago&#39;s translated work in terms of frequent waqf and use of the comma and point without the rest of the signs, which sometimes caused distraction in the case of lack of focus and lost attention .. We will talk about the story First of all, the idea of the novel is not new, and it is not a genius in terms of the story itself, but what attracted my attention is its unique form and philosophical formulation of ideas, the instinct of the writer&#39;s information and the general theme of the novel is the idea of existence and the reason behind our existence, and whether we have a goal in life nor have we created arbitrariness. Garder&#39;s style is beautiful, not similar to Dan Brown in terms of many puzzles, excitement and so on, but it is less literary than him, and Dan Brown is a lot more enjoyable, I liked the abundance of the author&#39;s information, and the fact that he is a formulation of difficult and powerful ideas in a simple literary way, from the philosophical novels that Something is completely flawed ... your conversations are between personalities, even if they are contrived at times, but they do not contain words without wisdom and great impact advice, on the novel itself, for a simple commentary on Garder, Garder, a great philosopher and thinker, and an original, accomplished and creative scientist in his field, but as a writer he is To a lesser degree as a philosopher, the novel is very slow Dull in its construction, dry in its dramaticness, except for the last part of it which really made me cry, the novel has a terrible lengthening, and events we were indispensable for it and I saw no role in the novel, and I felt that it was stuffing on the empty, stretched and screwed and gone and kneading from it must be, it was possible The part confuses the characteristics of each character or even cancels it, and this is one of the faults that made me think I leave the novel from the cutter of boredom, and this is something repeated with his consent and lip in a mystical world, it came enjoyable wrapped in severe boredom, and many events and details are necessary, and this is due to the writer&#39;s stereotype which is noticeable In all of his works, which can be discouraged to any extent that he completes the book because of him, the novel is generally good It is possible and if you reflect between the lines and feel every idea in the novel and think about the extent of its realism, it is possible to change your idea and your view of the universe and yourself, and that was what was most likely at the end of the novel that was full of wise advice and sayings, with regard to the philosophical ideas in the novel, I have a simple closure, and this can be simple The largest part that will be criticized, since the father was a disbeliever in the afterlife and resurrection after death, and that he criticized certain religious ideas, which were mysterious to a great extent, as he sometimes acknowledged the theory of creation and sometimes the theory of evolution for Drayett, and between his pessimistic view of human existence, and between the optimism of the son, except He was neutral b It is a very large and fair form in his presentation of ideas de, as he did not force you to a certain idea and insisted on persuading you of it, it is the work of offering all ideas and allowed every reader to sympathize with the idea consistent with his religious and intellectual ideology, and this is something that is calculated for a certain Garder, and he was noted with his consent in his narration The famous, Sufi scholar, has the same beauty and impartiality in the show .. An overview of the novel: The novel at the beginning was good, albeit slow, and the second story was very slow and boring and its details disgusted in his presentation of the characters and their number was a reason to impart a large amount of boredom, the third part was interesting Very good, but the last part of the novel was the best of all There is nothing wrong with this speed, the boy, his father, his message to him, and his stepfather are all personalities. She has very beautiful words on her tongue, and I liked it very much. This was the reason that the novel changed its form from case to case, sometimes boring and sometimes fun. The evaluation: Five stars is sure, and if you will be a little courtesy, but this is because the novel is unique, and I liked it very well, mixing thought, philosophy and literature, and it will give you a sure and strong impact after reading it, and I do not think that after you read it you will come out from non-benefit, and the possibility of changing your perception of existence Your outlook on life, and you will be acquainted with his pleasure, your value, the goal of God from your creation, and the reason for your existence in this universe. A very exciting experience and I enjoyed the novel very much, and I think it will not be the last reading of Garder, for he is a weak narrator, but he is very strong in terms of thought and philosophy, and his writings deserve to be bothered. The translation was medium, not bad, sometimes it was weak and sometimes good, but the overall look was good. Thank you, Heba, thank you very much for her nomination of this novel, and because it motivated me to read it.
very good. . food menu
Dr. Mona Salama ... That name, which has been frequently mentioned by me and his writings .. I am nothing but a newcomer in reading ... Kegar .. is the first reading experience that brings me together with the writer and I do not think it is the last at all .... Kegar ... which I realized only means page. A novel I see as a social that combines its romantic folds and shades the psychological plot tainted by religious obstructions ... creativity in using the brush of the Arabic language to skip with the finest living description paintings .. as if you are moving with the characters to the midst of events .. In life ... a struggle between what is and what was .. How does one live the consequences of a sin that they have never committed? promise . How can a society enforce absolute and enforceable provisions on victims minimum. Leaders have in their hands absolute power, they are not entitled to be audited or held accountable, and a people who are eager to obey and present loyalty assignments, otherwise ... The specialist Mushira and Hanim. Habib and brother Rooh does not know how to translate what his heart whispered into words, but inhaled from his actions; a strong, sincere bite that always sings about the words of many gracious. Each character is a story that is capable of its own .. But who can succeed in taming them together to weave reflections on the life of the heroine without losing it? ..But she did. All this envelope with a wonderful design that increased the excitement, its severity .. What weave the mental end of a character and hit it .. I do not know is because he used to repeated ends so her pen came and betrayed? . If I want to quote something from it, I will find myself in the process of publishing pages and pages. Her words really touched the heart ... love? .. Who said that love succeeds by itself? How does a plant grow on bad soil? How to bear fruit and thrive in conditions that do not suit it? How can a water garden plant grow in muddy muddy soil? . . Whenever we are narrowed, we wish to return to where we were young children. Not because childhood is devoid of responsibility, which we have now and not the fun and fun period, and there is no love in it unconditional and free of charge, but in childhood each problem has a solution..a simple solution that disassociates itself from the complications of life. . . Grandmother, creativity and my belongings .. Greetings to you.
Let us say that it is one of the rare books to save this page, and I complete a study to discover that it is your intensity and you have come out of one and several books. Like Muhammad Sadiq, we are back with surprise endings, but I expect a sad time for me to start Hebita and a few hours one day. But here is not the end that cried me. Literally, after the end, he killed me .... nostalgia for her words, which I borrowed from him, not out of love, because more than she lived his words, and the idea that his words are for her alone, you killed me. My death is too late. Taha strange ...
The feelings of a migrant struggled between a country that he wished and embraced, listening to his voice, and allowing him to take him forward to what he aspired to freedom of living among many disparate sects. In them, there remained a wandering inside of them, and eventually they were scattered among the vast continents, and in a desperate attempt to reunite in the heart of the ruins of a homeland and the features of memories that were far away.
very good. Great location and cleanliness. One of the worst things I saw in the Nojoom Hotel is the absence of a refrigerator, and it is important to have it
Mona, one of the characters of the novel, did not know that I am working with a device of this seriousness. I wonder, is the Egyptian intelligence apparatus enjoying the seriousness of this, and so far, and not all of them are narrations? .... As usual in every issue, you make sure that Adham Sabry deserves the title of the impossible man and deservedly
A very powerful and influential novel that mixes the reality embodied in the history of the Ottoman Empire and the Jewish and other societies and the imagination mixed between the lines of the novel a good start for Dr. Munther Al-Qabbani and waiting for a new one. . By the way, it is the first reading book and I loved reading, and it increased my desire to read a lot of history, epidemiology, philosophy and other sciences.
Rest and safety. I liked the furnished floor and the furniture is new and the bathroom is new and excellent in general the hotel is very excellent. Breakfast needs to add other foods to multiply options
Excellent, but the view does not have good views. Overall the hotel is very good and the reception staff are very excellent.
If it was an evaluation of more than / the novel would deserve worthy ..
I liked it all, except for revolutionary ideas,
Fun and good book from my behavior
Comfort . Its proximity to the sanctuary. The internet is very bad
Comfort . every thing is excellent. The parking spaces are far away and the door closes from the position to the hotel
Of the books that laughed at me and that I saw the series, the book outperformed the series
Samarkand ... in its first cleavage is the story of three friends from the Persians, each of whom printed in their own way the beginnings of our 1,000 years: Omar Khayyam who monitored the world, the king’s regime that ruled him, and Hassan Al-Sabah who terrorized him. In her second part, Jamal Al-Din Al-Afghani, and the story of the search for the Samarkand manuscript, the Rubaiyat of Khiyam .. I am not among those whose faith is nothing but fear of the Day of Judgment, and their prayers are nothing more than prostration. My way of prayer? I contemplate a rose, prepare the stars, show it the beauty of creation, the perfection of its system and its upbringing, with man the most beautiful of creativity, with his mind thirsting for knowledge, with his thirsty heart for love, with his senses, all his senses, vigilant or brilliant. Omar Khayyam
I did not read the novel, but lived it and melted in its details. You need a rating higher than. I will urge my children to read it in the future.
Excellent . Everything.
Nice book, cute, light:. It is the useful butter ... suitable for a one-hour program that turns into a book. It contains the basics that any Muslim should know .. It also has a response to suspicions of matters we face daily. It is the rules that must be met in the spirit, mind, and heart of an ordinary Muslim ... One of the most beautiful things in the book is that they enlighten and guide you .. He tells you what to do. This is what we want from the leaders and elders of the nation and from the experiences of those who have spent much of life reading and meditating ..
Beautiful if not for restaurant prices. Cleanliness of the place and the location of the hotel. The restaurant is very expensive, with poor quality of food and hassle in the surrounding streets
very good. The hotel overall is great, but needs furniture renovation. Breakfast is varied, close to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque.
Clean and quiet place. The calm.
A prophecy about what will happen in Egypt if this farce does not stop
Rest and recuperation. The hotel is very beautiful.
Excellent. Quiet, comfortable, luxurious reception, without exception, excellent and exquisite meals. The parking of the hotel is crowded with cars of the hotel staff
The first thing I read to Al Makhzenji ... and certainly not my last reading of it ... was indescribably sensitive
good. The receptionist Gerjan Sansan is good and wonderful, also a witness.
Renew your life A good book to remind yourself that you should always hold yourself accountable to move forward and reduce mistakes ...
Wonderful is life with its opposite logic .. You are running after things panting, then things run away from you .. You hardly sit and convince yourself that they do not deserve all this running until they come to you breathless .. Then you do not know, should you turn your back to her or open your arms to her .. and receive this gift That the sky has thrown at you ... and that may be your happiness or your death ??
Nice choice. everything. Building process next to the hotel, which caused inconvenience
The first novel I read to Muhammad al-Mansi Qandil was Qamar Ali Samarkand and was amazed at the fertile imagination of this writer. I felt as I was reading the book that I was traveling with his heroes, and I felt that I was reading more than one novel within one novel that was repeated with me when I read a cloudy day and I fell in love. But in that narration, the matter is different, despite the travel accompanying the novel, but despite the excitement of the people in the narration, it is not known what the hero must complete with him for the end. The person appears, then the war atmosphere in which the souls are depleted disappears, and coexists with him. In the end, one person remains with you. Its end, and it hopes that it is not the rest of the people, it hopes that it will win, despite the many events and sometimes it gets lost while you are reading, but I could not leave the novel until it was finished. I salute you, Dr. Muhammad Ali, for the wonderful novel
The strength of the fabric, the interconnectedness of events, and the interaction of people with each other may cause distraction in the beginning, but in the end all fate is linked to one another or another diving into the details and problems of life, especially dealing with the problem of alienation and its psychological and moral dimensions to the individual and family, human fear, temptations and difficulties that meet individuals of all ages. Wonderful
Exceptional. The location is very excellent .. the apartment is large and the rooms are spacious .. cleanliness is of a high standard .. the price is quite suitable.
excellent . Cleanliness of the hotel.
It is my habit to use books to sleep, because I am not a fan of readers, but I impose on myself this, but this book is the opposite of the desired work. A novel touching a social problem that permeates all Arab societies in a smooth and beautiful manner
An unusual name .. an incomprehensible summary in the background of the book is a curiosity to read the novel .. the beginning of its reading .. the narrowness and shelter of some events and sympathy for the main character at times and resentment of them. Enjoying an unusual style..understanding the meaning of the name at the end of the end The book shocked by the meaning of the name and from the existence of a need that is documented in the truth .. The end of the novel is very shocking with all its unusual events ... the continuation of the shock after the end of his reading in one payment ... the great surprise of the writer&#39;s boldness in dealing with a similar idea ... I believe all of the above are what are the factors of success for the writer and for the novel ... and salute her for her boldness in dealing with the topic ... and that H reading
Before your novel I did not read anything, and after I read your novel, I knew the meaning of pleasure and became a reader. Were it not for you, I would not have known this pleasure that has been absent from me throughout my life. Thanks for creating it
One of the most wonderful hotels that inhabited in Dubai. I liked everything. There is no
A collection of stories of people who have succeeded in this life despite the difficulties. A beautiful book that gives you an incentive to continue and succeed like them:
Wonderful. . Internet
Exceptional. Cleanliness and reception level. nothing
For the first time, I read a different story whose theme does not revolve around the topic of love. Here, Buthaina deals with the philosophy of death in an amazing way, as if she wonders about the meaning of life and engaging in it if the end is death, demise and certain death. All these things that we possess will be removed and annihilated so why do we struggle to reach for them, forgetting the inevitable fate that awaits us. Aisha declares that no one lives for himself and I agree with her this time. We do not live for ourselves. We live for a dream, endless desires and safety. Sometimes we live for love, for our loved ones, so that they don&#39;t lose us. And we sometimes die for the same reason; people who died and died for dreams they struggled for, to die and their dreams to die with them. Others died for love. Imagine a woman dying for love and a man committing suicide for the same reason. Hey; life is really strange. Everything happens in amazing harmony and everything happens for a reason. Imagine if there had been no death, there would have been a life we loved and would stick to. And if there was no death, we did not really like this life. Perhaps we do not love life as much as we fear and hate death. Death is a prestige that makes us fear until we talk about it, mention its phases, and avoid its causes as much as possible. On the contrary, there are also those who are tired of life and commit suicide to die by their choice. . Aah I finished it and did not satisfy my curiosity. I was surprised when I read the page. Ah I finished with many tears with much pain and many endless questions. I ended it and my heart was overwhelmed by the pain of the condition of a woman who lost her boy and lived a dead serpent surviving on her memory and addiction to reading and writing together. And I swear that Aisha succeeded in embodying the role of the bizarre, bizarre mother with suicidal tendencies succeeded in describing the feelings in a very amazing language and a lot of expressions and induced to cry at the same time. For life, whoever understands death will try to understand life has raised in my mind the novel many questions and many ideas. To do the impossible while we are alive to die honorably has given us a lot that the novel greets me that I do not spend a lot of time in meaningful hearsay if I am really dead to give my life to my loved ones for myself to grant and at the same time spend my life to achieve a dream to draw a smile and create happiness. Oh, bad, your philosophy is beautiful, amazing, very distinctive, very different. Aisha descends to the underworld The most novel that will make a bright turning point in my life will make a big turn in my present and future as well. More novel that raised my questions and moved many things inside me. Aisha brings to the underworld a novel worthy of a different emotional philosophical reading, worthy of stars and with great merit. Thanks, Butina, for your language, the smoothness of your letter, and its freshness. I was amazed at my belongings. You stole some of my time and made me stay up for a night tonight. Thank you, Buthaina, my belongings, it helped me change me
The novel is deep philosophical, the narration and the style are sweet. Violin asceticism in life is very clear. The end is strange, and we will answer
Wonderful. Excellent, great service and comfort. The distance is very far from Sheikh Zayed Road
A book that recommends reading it ... the sealed nectar ... an enjoyable juices for those who wanted to get acquainted with the biography without elaborating the tediousness, provided by the lineage of the Prophet, peace and blessings of God be upon him, or shorthand of a broken person ... She was a tyrant over all aspects of life and outlined the wisdom of the Prophet and his leadership of the nation in short phrases
Exceptional. The price for the stay is good and for a good location the staff are helpful. There is no
comfortable . The hotel is brand new and modern in design and is located in a quiet and elegant location. There is no bidet for bathrooms and room size
He talked about surrealism, describing what the surrealists tried to prove is that violence is the only appropriate expressive method, identifying surrealism as absolute rebellion, total disobedience, systematic sabotage, and worship for absurdity.
A very cool, comprehensive and simple book. It indicates that Sheikh may God protect him from his rhetorical ability and adaptation of language and science and merging them in simplicity and competence. I very much enjoyed reading the book, especially the last chapter on addiction ,,,, I advise it
Lazin was standing at the novel de and was surprised that it came in the middle of the last evaluation. One of the best books Ihsan Abdul Quddus wrote .. I used the movie Where is My Mind..But I was not my age, I understood the film and I was disgusting with it, and the scenes coming out .. He reads for a moment that Ihsan Abdul Quddus holds a doctorate in psychiatry .. From his analysis of every situation and scene in the novel in a genius artistic and literary way I understood the novel from written words not from a film film in which there are living and speaking bodies .. even the scenes who were upset From her, her presence was to analyze the character&#39;s actions mentally. She would not feel strange about the scene. She would feel that you wanted to understand. There is nothing disgusting. Imagine a patient at the top of his crisis, and it is difficult for you.
Ahmed Bakhit ... how do you do this ??? ... I, for the sake of all the time I sincerely read the Diwan, I read it again from the first time ... and every time a different spirit and photography and a different world ... How many feelings and depictions in the Diwan are terrible ... I was actually drawing a picture with words .. From a long time you did not read beautiful and touched hair from this place
Exceptional. The breakfast buffet is great and the reception service is great and fast. nothing
I can&#39;t close it except on the last page ... another world ... Constantine
This book is great .. the title is delusional. It can delude you. It is a commandment for men. How to love women, but the content will take you to other worlds. Enjoy reading it.
At the beginning of my journey with this novel, I was grumbling about the reason why more than one person around me recommended it for reading. You don&#39;t need to hear more about worker bees ’stories, I used to say. But little by little, I began to lean toward Jose&#39;s conversations ... I began to read our painful reality as seen by half-Gulf and half-Filipino immigrants. The last pages of the book came back to somehow reminiscent of the weeping Gulf series and the tragic tragedy that it contained ... at a time when the aesthetic of God was found in its most beautiful image. I would have given a maximum of two stars for the book if the rhythm remained the same. But as I approached the end, the dazzling component was raising its number. I finished it hours ago, but I needed a bit of time to recover myself, which was shaken by the writer&#39;s frankness about our society, its diseases and disabilities ... and I could catch my breath as a result of running behind the lost joke between two different cultures ... I&#39;m still breathless until this moment.
The splendor of spirituality. The staff treated the proximity to the campus for breakfast. Slow response to calls, no headphones in rooms
Very different. She told us what was happening behind the prison bars. How the oppressed feel. You brought me into their world. I was waiting for the evening to see what Hanna did and what would happen to them. One of the most beautiful novels that I have read
Nice novel. I like this writing style. Very attracted me. So much so that I only concluded the whole novel at once, and it is really attractive
Al Raha Hotel. Without exception, everything is beautiful.
Ghada .. Ghada .. Ghada. The great rebellious woman ... bold .. classy .. and female. When Ghassan added his perfume to her letters, Bahaa added
Caricature is a great art, cartoonists are great beings. Simple deep drawing
I recommend visitors to it. Everything in the resort is wonderful, beautiful and clean. nothing
I just finished it ... knowing that she would stay with me for a while, I loved it very much as if it was a musical instrument ... I did not know which phrases to quote and which to leave ... As they all quote, as usual, I was amazed by dreams in her language as if she was speaking another Arabic, but I did not find any good in her words to reflect my opinion in the novel:. ............ Mourning is not what we wear, but what we see .... It lies in our view of things, the eyes of our heart can be in mourning ... and nobody knows that. ........................ No one chooses the rose between wilting on its branch or in a vase ..... spinster is a relative issue, a girl can marry, give birth and remain Even so, in her depths, a spinster ... a flower whose leaves fall in the matrimonial home .... ......................... The richest women are not those who sleep cushioned Her possessions, but those who cushion her memories. ......................... shyness is a kind of lost elegance, shyness is a kind of mysterious splendor that is no longer seen in female faces.
The location is excellent. Website design by hotel. The rooms are small and the furniture in the room is many
. ... The city of the dead ... the apostate ... The return is wonderful.
My wonder is how this authentic thought is not taught in our schools ... and why our souls are not fed with this deep understanding .. The book stops you on a solid ground that enables you to move freely without fear or hesitation, a religious intellectual book that is far from emotion .. It shows you the position of Islam among other intellectual trends. And collecting it when it differs in others, this book liberates our understanding of Islam from being a religion only to making it a practical and realistic religion that serves man and humanity in the best that it can be, you will find in the book historical facts, sober opinions and insight into a true Muslim .. Read this The book is obligatory in this age in which our understanding of Islam is stoned to bring us back to effectiveness and bring us back to the world Meh .. excellent translation as far as .. worthy of the value of the book, the best of God for those who Ohassanha.
Excellent. The rooms are large, quiet. Moi smuggling in the bathroom God bless you
I started with Omar Taher, but I don&#39;t think it will be the end ... Omar is beautiful in a beautiful way. Thank you, Omar. And all your messages have arrived
A beautiful and wonderful trip. The reception is very respectful and helpful and the place is clean and close to the sea.
It is a great watch and I recommend having it
My book has gripped this book with its facts,
A very beautiful novel that interacted with her completely and felt various feelings, beginning with joy, passing through shock, anger and oppression, then beautiful and restless anticipation in the same now and finally euphoria, overwhelming joy, peace and comfort with retribution. I was more than happy that it was a realistic novel and not rosy dreams of returning the right to its owner And the justice of the sky ... I am very grateful to Issam Youssef, the writer, and my beautiful friend Dina, who guided me on the day of my birth, and it was sincerely the most beautiful gift.
My mother says: Naguib Mahfouz is, no doubt, one of the devils of Wadi Genius. It seems surprising on my face. Why is my mother saying this? . Do you read thousand nights nights replied? Shake my head that yes ... then you say how to describe all this then? . Well, I have already thought about this .. I repeatedly imagined him sitting at the dome of a mosque and in his hand had a small memo in which he would write what he saw around him .. She sits on the edge of the bed, and Shahryar sits in front of her, placing his hand on his chin, focused on the focus..the chief of police, Gamasat Al-Balti, behind him, soldiers break into the homes of an opponent and take him to the thorn to cut off his head ... Their dream was to form their newborn love ... a wonderful epic of beautiful time ... salt The struggle between the Harafish and the children of our neighborhood, and even the trilogy, takes a special place among all that Naguib Mahfouz wrote
Titles. Calm and add hotel. nothing
It is impossible to read this book. I learned many new things from him, which I did not know about prayer, and small things we do, but if we understand their meaning, we will do them better. An easy book in its style, interesting and small. Red every one sucked
What do I say, and there is nothing to say about the magnificence of the letters that I planned. Words of praise are not enough. Words of appreciation are not enough. But let me tell you well. Well done, well, Dr. Mona. Everything I read to you before on one hand and Kegar on another. I started reading in the morning and finished the novel, just before dinner. He did not stop me from ending it earlier, except for the call of my Lord and the calls of my mother. I described and I created the description so I had nothing but I live between the lines and go away with my imagination as if I were on a journey that I do not know its destination nor what will be its end. He promised how much she liked her name. As if I lived with her, she was saddened by her sadness, she got angry, angry, and happy for her joy. The more she cried, she cried with her, and the more she smiled, the more she broke her throat, too. She lived with her adolescent childhood and maturity. Her childhood, which deprived her of the father’s warmth. Her teenager where she lost her mother and locked the doors of life in her face to find herself in the penal institution between faces that she had not promised before ... to know that there is another life .. another country that has its laws that must be followed and if it does not, it will punish the most severe punishment. She lived and lived with her .. I learned to learn the other from me until the end of her sentence period and it was the moment of her liberation as a small bird waiting for him to open the door to fly flying in the sky of his Creator .. breathing the breeze of freedom. And begins a new life. And some time has passed. May destiny lead her in her life&#39;s journey to a new place. A place he wanted and wanted. I felt at ease as I felt dismayed. A place where I finally learned what Kagger means and what its relationship to events is. A place where the sound of her heart beats, the puzzles around her, and the bear of terror in her descendants. Oh my promise .. I will never forget you. Dr. Mona is my creator. Review first reading
Surrender of logic and reason alone has the eradication of the most beautiful thing in a person .. his soul .. and his conscience .. his conscience ... that a whisper of mercy is above justice in all his equilibrium .. ... and in the Qur’an to forgive and forgive, do not you like to fall asleep
Beautiful hotel. Good reception and excellent staff treatment, as I booked a business room, and when I arrived, the sister and brother who were present at the reception made an epicurean work and gave me a room and a lounge at the same price. Thank you very much. Room service is not prohibited except at a specific time and when they request after an hour in the afternoon no one is prohibited
Simply a hotel that pays great attention to the customer. Featured. Unfortunately, they did not find a bug that they deserved
The book is very shocking to me ... a feeling that it contains steak wiping all of your concepts. Injustice between, of course, I exposed him, but he proved that every need and every limit has more than one face, there is no great extent, and there is no hero in the literal sense. The book liked and disappointed me at the same time, but I am happy that it is the first book of this year
Exceptional. everything. The conditioner is very cold, the phone does not work, and the lights are not complete
The fire erupts, if it is suffocated by firewood, and all who are raped are burned. be with God, and do not worry about anything else
it&#39;s recommended . Breakfast is good and the bed is excellent.
good. . No parking
One of the most wonderful books that I have read .. It contains advice and preaching the great thing. I enjoyed and benefited a lot from him. I ask God to place this work in the balance of the merits of its writer
I recommend staying in it. Reception, cleanliness and calm. No free breakfast .... and the room rugs clean needs a little attention
Exceptional. The value for its cleanliness, comfort, and furniture is very modern, and it is close to Mall of the Emirates. nothing
Exceptional. Dealing in cleanliness, new furniture, internet parking, and very fast customer response speed. Small rooms
It was one of the most beautiful trips. Cleanliness and place is very classy. There is no
In this narration, Rabie Jaber recounts a history of Shami immigrants to America from the beginning of the twentieth century until after the Second World War, describing their conditions and fluctuations of their conditions in alienation under local and global influences that were reflected on them as immigrants and as children of the new homeland America. It recounts this history, leaning on Marta&#39;s personal life, her emotional distress and her pursuit of professional success and stability, but he branched into the stories to include the characters that meet them and deal with them if some of them are part of her life or a transient who serves the novel only temporarily. There are many voices in the novel and styles. Some chapters come in the form of correspondence. The narrator&#39;s voice is overwhelming, and he does not hesitate to make notes to the reader about his intentions as a writer about this story or to refer to previous chapters in the novel or even to another novel by the writer. These are objectionable notes, but I am not sure that I do not like it. It is the kind of flavor that Rabie adds to his writing .. I liked the character of Mirta and perhaps this is one of the few Arab novels that is distinguished by a female character who is not weak but rather successful and strong and a leader .. Rabea was able to attract me and retains my enthusiasm for reading and knowing the following throughout three quarters of the book but I felt separate In the last quarter, after the decisive event in Joe Haddad&#39;s life came to an end, it seemed that the story of Mirta became without an exciting knot that pushes it forward, and thus it turned into a mere narration of temporal events. This is the reason for the missing star.
Exceptional. Location and proximity to the metro station and proximity to restaurants, groceries and all services. Wi-Fi in the lobby only, I think, because the guy who took the room I took turned on Wi-Fi
Okay birds with question marks and exclamation head turned now. A strange feeling encompasses you while reading this novel, and after you finish it naturally ... In this narration ... people are blind, you are blind, the faces, names, masks, formalities, appearances, luxury, places and cities are hidden, even dreams are simpler, and the human remains Alone with his old struggles, with his intuition, with his apprehensions, with his desires and foolishness, with his thoughts, his good and bad, except from his memory ... then what do you think happens after all this? The novel portrays the scene on the one hand, and you have to depict the scene on your side ... As for me, I will search for the hunger of birds that silence the questions that are turning around my head now, or I might frighten them with my hand and go as I do with all open questions and silence myself as usual B .. You may understand This is later, Ahmed. The five stars of the crazy idea and departing from the usual text and stimulating thought, not for any other considerations.
. ............. How long did I run to not see you? He gave you a secret pulse in blood. Why do I see you for everything. As if you are on earth all humans. As if you trained without end. And I created this book ... if I run away from you ... to you. Say, oh Lord, where is the escape? . Far away from us, and no matter how we parted. It is still in your comfort safety. Absent from me and how many near ... absent, even if filling the place. No dimension means the absence of faces. And no longing knows .. the restriction of time. They shrieked into an untitled time. We may forget and may forget. We have nothing to remember while forgetting. It suffices that one day we met without permission. I am fed up with the truth ... because the truth is a heavy thing. I ran away to the impossible. End shades for everything. If we adore, we fear goodbye. If we meet, we are afraid of being lost. I knew I was strange. And my time is a wonderful time. And I will dig a small river and drown in it. I will sing a beautiful melody. I realize that I sing for myself. And I will plant a big dream. And he is leaving me .. and my misery is miserable ... what shall I do, friends? I brought you a bad tune. Because my time is ugly time. The walls of my house are destroyed ... and wind. And between the wings of the heart of a sacrifice. I am still strewn at night alone. Candle residue. If a light flashed, I went to it. He runs away .. and runs away from me. And I fell asleep in the ground a little. I raise my head .. and open my eyes. With the horizon a distant light appears. So I run to him ... and I still run .. and run .. and run ... sad lyric. But my dream is stubborn .. stubborn. I still know what I want. I still know what I want
The book hurt me ... it is just gossip, but I was bored. Too much in such a story ... and made me bow and lean again ... The book is short .. its language is easy .. I will be literally saved in an hour ... and you will find yourself as if you are speaking in a story or more in it.
The lowest evaluation of this novel is stars, a novel that can provide very many references in philosophy, not only does it provide you will explain the philosophical approaches in a very simplified way ... from novels that are not read once but read many times ... wonderful by all standards
Distinctive residence in a privileged city. The place is beautiful, clean, comfortable, and smiling staff. Thank you Medhat and Naguib. nothing
Beautiful style is almost somewhat pretentious and although the novel deals with the issue of homosexuality, there was no word that offended modesty
good. . Breakfast is not included
The meaning of this was to think about the group’s thinking, to see with its eyes, and to explain and believe in its logic, since you had nothing but to behave its behavior .. that if you are forbidden to see things or from seeing anything, then it is reasonable for you and then you to close Your eyes, but rather their eyesight, that living and agreeing with others must mean the eyes being closed or closed.
The first novel I read for Sherine Hinai and it will not be the last one, God willing .. I liked the text of the notes, but the novel as a whole is different
Comforts . . My reservation was not activated by the site when I arrived at the hotel, causing notifications to be sent from the site that I did not attend, and this is considered a default by the hotel receptionist
If the hotel location is suitable for you, do not hesitate to stay there. It is clear that the management of the hotel is very professional and the reception of the staff is very sophisticated, especially the employee Abdul Qadir Masri and the Indian Satiz, and all the employees are of Filipino nationality.
Two rooms and a hall. Everything is nice, the hotel .. I used to take two rooms and a hall in every bathroom and the third bathroom, the hall .. The price is excellent compared to the second hotels. Taxi is not available, and the hotel has a new dimension to the taxi rank
Wonderful location breakfast service. Wonderful problem with the entry procedure is very slow and disabled. Slow entry
The place that collects all of these, but the circumstances are always dispersed. Al-Aswany&#39;s literary style is poor, but his handling of characters and the diversity of events intercede for him. A wonderful novel
Very impressive, and the finest poetic literary language delicate that was photographed by Al-Manfalouti
Cleanliness. Everything at the hotel is amazing. There is no
It is closer to fiction than to reality.
It was the first book of Les and the first novel. It was more than excellent:
The narration is not easy pure. Enter far into the depths of the reader. Although it is difficult to understand some Christian terms, it is an enjoyable difficulty. I could not imagine that it is a narration of hyper-realism and I follow the events in it and start with the introduction of the translator, which suggests that it is really real. She definitely needs to read more than once
Exceptional. I lived in this hotel for the second time, I previously commented about it. It is a new, clean, quiet hotel. There are many Arabic channels. Its location in Al Jaddaf. I advise people who have a car away from the Dubai Mall. Experience. There is no bidet in the bathroom
A delicious book that engages you with the feeling of deliciousness:
A wonderful and profound book consisting of a young man’s diaries about his love. I killed the simplicity of the writer and his elegance in his words. I liked his stories and his pleasant narration about them, and I even loved them through him:
My story with you deserves to be a novel, if I can&#39;t write it one day, write it down for you. As if I am your talk like me. One of the things that attracted me to read this novel is its name .. Your Hadith is similar to me. The writer&#39;s style evolved ... Yami Ahmed .. a lot about his eldest novel ... Yusuf, Mary A delicate sensual novel with deep meanings that impressed me deeply with the writer&#39;s quotes of Mahmoud Darwish, Ghassan Kanafani, Ziad Al-Rahbani, Gibran and many of the turquoise East. He managed to penetrate into human feelings and describe the association of Palestinians with their land in a way that interferes with the reader inside the novel and lives in it on the ground. Waiting for the next .. I missed
I liked the book in spite of the gloom and the blackness dominated by it .. My first experience in horror stories sheds light on things that I did not and wouldn&#39;t care about usually .. On that student who was sitting alone and not talking to anyone and not concerned with other affairs which also suddenly disappeared from school and did not Anyone knows something about her .. She sees what really happened to her. As for my opinion about the novel, it really deserves a place between the current literature, it is unique and if you do not like many .. Suitable for those who have a culture that accepts the other and his thoughts and for those who always wonder about this person that you see in one of the corners and do not know whether he is forget like we live on this earth In this life and how he thinks
I recommend it. The hotel is beautiful, clean and affordable.
Distinctive experience. The crew responded to my and my family&#39;s requests quickly and promptly. Since the hotel has a lot of halls and halls for meeting and business purposes, holding sessions and conferences, and it is dedicated to this, which has affected comfort and general relaxation ...
Wonderful. Cleanliness, good treatment and location.
Very beautiful despite his shortness. It has an important value. It is that love these days is considered a form of slavery. It is difficult to reach the stage that Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud talks about. But with his words, he wakes up a lot of what they are immersed in. The quote I liked. I remembered you, Lord, as I walk in this world. I felt alienated and separated and found no one to talk to. I understand and understand me .. They rejected me all and rejected me as I rejected them and rejected them. I felt alone, strange, fired, lying on a pavement. I cry as an orphaned child without a mother
Good hotel and worth the experience. The hotel is clean and well furnished, modern in design, location and price is good provided the car is with you because it is located away from the city center. Wi-Fi is not free in the rooms, the rooms are small and can accommodate only two people and the king-size bed is a bed and text
A very good weekend. A very good weekend with very large room with stunning sea view. There are many Arabs to help with issues ..
Recommend it with some notes. I liked its location, breakfast and the view from the wonderful breakfast restaurant on the campus. We always live in the tower A, this time we lived in the B tower. The room was in the very, very narrow floor, and the bathroom honored you. God is smaller than the A thousand. The second thing is that there is no bed available for my child. Indicative signals that we had to run to the first floor and not to receive the reception in the zero floor
good. Fast check-in and reception staff cooperation. Breakfast is less than normal and not forbidden every day. The same items contain Asian dishes that are not suitable for us, and the refrigerator is not cool. It only keeps the cold and we asked to replace it and do not change anything.
good. Everything is nice except pillows and poor Wi-Fi. The property is beautiful, spacious and private. Wi-Fi. The bathrooms are not up to the high standard
The door of the night. Come, come, here is Arab unity. The revolution met and the struggle gathered, here is the call for renewal, change of government, and bloodshed for the youth. Here summits are held and votes are heard. But to know first of all that everything happens in the bathroom. We are in front of a special type writer, a writer who collects the threads of his novel in his hands and then moves it how he wants. No, we are not talking about a novel here. Rather, it is about who went to the bottom of the earth and then sat on a cafe to give you a summary of his knowledge of everything and everything. A narration of a rare style, which he said that he received, folds the fold of the novel with him, an elegant, responsive novel that plays all the tunes. I read the door of the night on a train bound for Cairo, and it seems that this case was appropriate for the atmosphere of the novel. With my start in it, I read who was wondering, wondering about whether the generation of Ahmed Khaled and the Blue Elephant intended for our generation to read a novel of that value. I do not like the classifications of this kind, for each generation, such as its hatred and victories, but it is certain that the experience of the door of the night, the fast paced, sometimes accustomed novel, I live, is a distinct experience that will add much more than what my words suggest. Come on, live that experience, but don&#39;t forget that I warned you that everything is happening in the bathroom
A wonderful book about satiric literature and its advantage is that you laugh from the heart and sad from the heart. I loved the yellow in Green, and laughed at me over the hypocrisy of people in flattering an eminent personality, especially the minister: I liked the quotes. It is not known the value of multiplication Aljazmah only who lived his longevity multiplied by. As long as we know that there is an ambush set for our national unity, then why do we fall into it every time and with the same details and in the same scenario but rather with the same reactions from all sides unless we apply the same approach in dealing with the police ambush that we know is not an ambush but we enter it claiming that it is an actual ambush. I will not hold one of my responsibilities what I and my teeth have grown to the corrupt culture that reigns in our lives. The culture of analgesic treatment. The search for a solution after the disaster. The culture of greed, neglect, consistency, and patching. The culture of Aden is serious and ridiculous. Temporary until it falls, so we replace it with a temporary filling. The second culture is to escape responsibility, as long as it is possible to complain about time, circumstances and share, so do not pity me, because I do not pity myself. Although he is sovereign. The President, if he asked to change the course of his motorcade to the first street that corresponds to it behind the streets, for what it is, a sour, dirty, muddy, passing by his pavement, it was washed only by the tears of the people, and was not applied except with the bitterness of life. Why did God create bad species from humans? . Just so that the person realizes that delivering him with a lack of life is more useful than his absurd request for perfection, and that life will not reach perfection unless it is overdue. Is it possible for a thief to steal if he has reasonable life opportunities and I do not say Raghda a person who feels that there is hope of any kind other than a broad hope or a valid one-time use and that there is a benefit to integrity and that there is a law that falls on the neck of all. Is the hour of separation come before the dream is complete ... and when it is never completed, do we really rest if it is complete, or are we awaiting the moment of its completion to a new dream? Why did the man rarely approach, go away and the more he moves away, he dreams near ... Why is he not optimistic about the good to find it? He tried to be optimistic about the good and did not find him ... that because he does not want to believe that there are always turns, he must pass through them in a satisfactory way because God has never created one of His servants a path without detours ... Why does he realize that all people are the means of their salvation but they are forced to storm it Why Giving complete debt to imperfect oneself? Will he enter the fire of those who took the reasons of God and his Sunnah into the universe just because he did not utter the two testimonies, and will the smell of heaven smell those who uttered them while they spoiled the universe and spoiled the universe?
Exceptional. . Wi-Fi for one person
The writer has matured with this book, even if the style of the novel is purely colloquial, but the story of the novel, the harmony of events, the superposition of characters and the plot of drama are common and close to reality.
Excellent . Comfort, happiness, indescribable and coolest services. The outside tile at the gate is winding, rough and not good for walking
Very good hotel. The hotel is beautiful, high standard of cleanliness and excellent morning breakfast. The reception staff is not friendly and they do not welcome the guest when they come. It is written in the area of the square meter square, which is much less than that.
Excellent. Location . Reception. High prices
An excellent historical novel dating back to the time of the Mahdia and the Mahdi Revolution in Sudan in the late nineteenth century.
My review of the Sofitel Hotel. I liked the location of the hotel and treated the staff. The hotel is not that bad, but it was not at the required level in terms of luxury as a star-rated hotel.
If the first challenge in front of me is to read this book carefully and understand what is in it, then the second challenge was to write a review about it ... and how letters of my letter can fulfill a book in this language and this content is its right. This book was one of the most beautiful things I read this year ... and if I hadn&#39;t read anything but it is enough for me ... it has provided me with a linguistic increase ... and many knowledge details about our Arabic language and what is being said against it in secret and in public ... In addition to that huge number of names Thinkers, writers, and poets, which were a prominent mark in that era, whether we agreed with it or disagreed .. One of the things that caught my attention was his choice of the titles of his articles is not good, but flawed, but ugly, but heinous, does not expire ... Including the start of suspense to continue the journey of reading the book Despite its large size, the book is a collection of articles written by the scholar Mahmoud Shaker in response to this call, Louis Awad and Zomor For those who decided to attack the nation’s heritage, history, and language ... These chapters have one purpose ... to defend an entire nation, which is my Arab and Islamic nation. These articles did not stop at the limits of responding to the words of Louis Awad and the illusion, historical confusion and distortion in the martyrdom of Abi Al-Ala’s poetry, the lack of scrutiny of historical narratives, and the claim that Al-Maari received the Greek sciences at the hands of one of the monks, but instead moved on to talk about culture, literature and thought in the world The Arab and Islamic, and its intellectual conquest, and the call to the vernacular in terms of its history, danger, effects, and its connection to major political events, touched on talking about the most devastating tools of colonialism: evangelization ... which was one of its greatest goals in controlling the press education, and its link to advocacy. ..And their purpose m Transforming the classical language into a religious language ... and the Dunlop system in our schools and goals by creating a destructive, apparent and inner generation that cannot realize the damage that occurred in its construction and composition, and the preaching caves that the missionary students resort to to achieve their goals ... and many many words, meanings and symbols that we call We do not realize its true meaning ... The difference between personal criticism and objective criticism ... and its beautiful talk about what the word means to him ... and his love and attachment to it since his childhood ... From that day on, the word for me became the same life, it is myself, it is my mind, it is my thought Is the secret of my existence and the presence of what is around me. He revealed his falsehood, sealed it with B and then closed the doors, saying: On the third of Jumada Al-Akhera year, the walls surrounded me, and the world was darkened, and I heard, and I saw, and was disgusted ... and what was ... the scholar Mahmoud Shaker presented us with this knowledge and literary treasure in a brilliant manner Beauty ... interesting ... respects the reader&#39;s mind ... with its ability to taste the Arabic word and its connotations ... and the eloquence of saying and ingenuity in the market of irrefutable arguments in a scientific style that is not devoid of wit and the intended humor in many cases ... And the ability to examine the words and link them together and realize what is behind them ... We, as he said in a time, we need what we are in to accuracy and penetration and access to the depths of the Ma Me and the words ... in addition to being deprived of all flattery in the truth, or for an argument ... it is as he said about himself: I am one of the soldiers of this Arabic. If I knew that I would carry a sword or a weapon spent from this pen, my place today would be in the yard of the oppressor in Palestine, but I vowed to this pen not to stop fighting for the sake of the Arabs what I could carry between my fingertips, and what I have had If I find a place where I say the truth and pray for it, do not forbid me to be honest in it, something that ends people or deceives them or deceitfully void who invalidates this life. . Finally .... This book is one of the most important books that appeared in the Arab Library in the last half of the twentieth century ... and I advise everyone to read it ...
I wanted to stay there just to close my eyes and listen. I used to feel in the heart of this Moravian village that I was listening to verses, verses in verses in the most meanings of this word, primitive verses that were never transmitted to a radio or television, or a dramatic platform that resembles a rhythmic appeal that falls on the limits of speech and singing. Verses do not capture the listener except by the strength of their weight alone ... Ludwik
A painting of the start of the ongoing awful defeat that has not yet been recognized by the official nation. Who is it that someone can see or hear others when there is a mirror of this size before him ?? . The shameful paradox that was demonstrated by the leadership of Globe Abu Hanik for the armies supposed to have come to liberate Palestine. There are Arab armies that will go to Palestine in less than two weeks, to fight there. And they asked me, the strangest thing: that these armies be under Mister Fouad. For a moment, I was about to compliment him, and she said to him: Who is more experienced and higher than you .. But luckily for you, he continued his speech: How can Britain be against Britain, Mister Fouad? How can I go to fight people who have been given a promise by my country to establish a national homeland for them and work to arm them? Then, do they not realize that after such a thing has a lot of stupidity, it is true that I am not one of those who love these Jewish gangs, because it killed many of us in Palestine, but I cannot go to fight a war against them, unless I take off this uniform and wear others, understand me? . The voice of the narrator who concealed the protagonist&#39;s voice may have caused me boredom. Let us listen to Farid Al-Atrash: Call of Al-Ula. : //. . / = ...
God wills it hard. The novel is a masterpiece .. I took it yesterday and concluded it with the pleasure of yesterday. The events in which you are not using. I liked more part of the first thing that Islam went to Kafr Al-Kawadi and the solution started The end is shocking:. I did this::. It could be a natural result. In the end .. may God grant you success and success for success:
Excellent . Service, hygiene, care, location, panels, and thanks.
good. The location is very excellent and near to the Sacred Mosque. Small room with no variety of breakfast
It can be described as an interesting book ... fun ... light. The author says at the end: When we were leaving Los Angeles, it came to mind. The story of the foreign visitor who returned to Paris. After a long absence .. And he decided that it was much more beautiful in the past .. They asked him: Do you mean when Paris was Paris? . He said: No. I mean when I was me. This was my current tongue and the plane was moving away from. Old places.
They are merely stylistic events for the writer, and although they revolve in one place, which is the garden, home, and barn, the number of pages of the book did not reach me to boredom at all, but I liked that the book does not end .. I shared the book with the love of trees and their passion for it. One day, however, when reading the book, it was a great joy to discover that there are people who love trees to that degree .. These songs are beautiful and I envy Tamara on my faithful boyfriend. When will I be a tree, people will befriend me and love me with that sincerity?
A beautiful book loaded with different cultures, as usual, the wonderful dreams of Mostaghanemi take us to dive into many cultures when reading our writing.
A beautiful book, as usual, written by Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud and what I like about every time he talks about Islam. He talks about the essence of Islam and spirituality and the relationship of the slave to his Lord and not forbidden, halal, heaven and fire, and I hope that his view of the woman in his books has some equity. I feel in some writings that it is unfair to women and I do not know the reason, but this does not affect my love for reading his books, which made me see him as a great personality who has all the appreciation, respect and love. I loved his program very much, but I did not come close to knowing him more except through his wonderful distinguished books
An amazing place for your favorite cup of coffee during an hour of shopping, or waiting for a companion while you are shopping
This book has destroyed the myth of Israel, which has been trying to inform it for decades, in our conscience. Israel is but a functional state that serves global imperialism and Israel&#39;s success is nothing but an understanding of the nature of its role and function in this eternal struggle
Al-Qassam Brigades .. years of working silently, and operations that spilled the enemy&#39;s bed. No wonder that this was the biography of the owner of the longest security file in Israel. Only now I realized why Israel was excluding him from all exchange deals, the last of which was the fulfillment of the free deal. Just ask yourself after reading the book: Who am I? And why?
A good boutique hotel A good boutique hotel is just one block from Times Square. Walking distance from offers, restaurants, subway and anywhere else. Large size rooms, clean, but most importantly .... Buy tickets at discounted rates on Broadway shows online, and avoid long lines at Times Square booth.
good. . The bathroom is cold water
Nice idea
Cute stay. The room is comfortable and the staff is helpful and seeks to satisfy the customer by providing various services. We hope to manage the website and put the final price with taxes to avoid any surprise to the customer or enlarge the line of tax rates on advertising.
Comfortable, quiet and attractive. Almost everything. A little note .. there is no bidet in the bathroom and this thing is necessary
The truth of the matter I stayed a little on what I thought I write. The gifts of Naguib Mahfouz are from the category of writers, who will not be compensated, as far as I know, is not tolerated, and I do not use literature as a means to satisfy anyone with it. Far from that, the advantage of Naguib Mahfouz is that he enters into interesting areas and talks about needs that are not much literature. They talk about it the closest example of the seventh sky story from the group of love on the pyramid plateau. In general, the one who does not refer to Mahfouz&#39;s novels other than the well-known novels for people like the Trilogy, for example, has missed a lot of it, like this novel, as well, in fact. Frankly, the novel is a terrible sight, and work in my opinion is fit for any time. On the surface, Mahfouz discusses a simple idea, a person with a turn on the truth, and actually makes a trip to show the truth, where. With the young man in search of the truth of Akhenaten, a young man wants to know more about Akhenaten about the secret of his name as the rogue, but during your participation with him in the search for Akhenaten and monotheism, you will discover who actually was with the king and who did what happened when the ship began to sink. And here comes an idea first. How is history written? Every person has a point of view, and each one wants to write what he sees and justifies for himself who was doing it and showing each person’s intention. Did people really agree with Akhenaten&#39;s religious revolution ?? And did they not pursue interests and exploit it ?? It is very possible that you will drop the novel from the case that Egypt lives after the revolution. A genius novel in which terrible foresight and speaks about sweet themes and symbols, and frankly, myself, read about the period in the history of Egypt. I highly recommend reading this novel .....
I used to think that I was reading a novel about an impossible man, an adventure, a bond, or one of the intelligence men, but I discovered that he was a Palestinian who made his experience with his hand and his mind, although he did not mention details about the rest of the missions, but you will feel the atmosphere inside the Qassam Brigades and the West Bank specifically. God dismantled your families and extended your jihad line
Sweet .. The seventh message of the most amazing thing in the sense of magnificence in the sense of the word magnificence I mean .. But in a rigid problem with Muhammad Ibrahim Maarafesh I prepare the rhyme with his loss in the loss: I mean, I keep the poem read and merged with it remained Suitable and complete, and so most of his poems are not walking on a single sheet of paper that needs to separate you in the text. He also needs a poem, and she is in a lot of poems. I felt that he was disturbing the speech, because he was coming up. The speech is not so smooth and sender. The bureau is not a monster, but it is its luck that it has entered into, compared to the Manifesto, which I was loyal days before ... Of course, the Manifest side is lost. The stars of the country, because of the seven letters of special name, and because of beautiful meanings in the office in general:
Wonderful. Treat workers, from the smallest to the oldest, hygiene. The bedroom is small in the apartment, the bathroom is not of a high standard, the lack of taxi is mostly ignorant of the location of the hotel
good. Location and price.
Exceptional. The director of the reception is a wonderful and hospitality summit.
Lisa, what do you look like? What is after the second reading? A sweet book that keeps you running your brain and thinking, not all the needs we were educated about and we came up with.
The first was the name not encouraging and strange and the cover is not clear from the content of the book, eh? But when I started in the book, I liked it so much that I read it for the next time and it was not that I advised people to read it. I was not going to a book to feel the change, but this book has a different strange need. I don&#39;t know what it is ..... The author&#39;s point of view? Could ..... its style? Possible .... beyond its cost and simplicity? Prospect. Although some of the topics are consumed, the language of Amr Salama is simple and smooth, without that reaching the heart along. Once Mustafa Mahmoud described the word honor and honorable person .. let me link it to my definition of the book the honorable ... is the book that took a great right, that the person who finished his reading will not be the same person that I started ..... without what is the effect of his life He changed P’s goals and outlook on life. Amr Salama&#39;s book, we value it as an honorable book. What I liked most about riding hard. Polish. Fear of a lakh. Every match has its conditions. No legal shoulder. Why we sit in Egypt. How to be chewed two pills. Finally a personal request to keep the index of books in Belize
Vital and fun, but its only disadvantage is that it affected me with my time and moment ... an hour or two, and its effect is weak with me ..: But I enjoyed reading it ..
Excellent. Security hotel and honest staff. Hotel lighting outside disturbs during sleep at night
Despite my love for Mustafa Mahmoud, he proved more than once that he is a veiled enemy of the woman. The book is sweet and his treatment of strange problems
And yet .... what feeling do I have now .... fear or pain .... or tears of invisibility. ... frustration or despair ..... is death ... parting loved ones .... as it was previously said ... in every parting extract a part of you to find yourself died before death ........ difficult to parting .... Difficult to die ..... Difficult is life ..... It is life ... It is pain, torment and fear .... I really loved it is a wonderful novel ...
Good stay. The hotel is new ... the staff treated very well ... the receptionist Walid Al-Zahrani was more than wonderful in facilitating things ... the best free transportation service is via Umm Al-Qura Street from above the tunnel instead of going down at the life of Regency then the ups and downs of elevators Prayer times are crowded, which wastes time and makes you lazy sometimes and prays at the hotel&#39;s chapel
When your eyes fall on the novel, the first thing that attracts you is its cover, and when you start reading it, its words and events will creep despite your touch to your soul, your heart and your mind, and you will find yourself addicted to it to the end.
More than wonderful and benefit the series, it will remain very rigid, but it only bothered us at the end, when Sharif preferred to work and lives up to the assumption that he is also supposed to flee. But I salute you for this great work
Exceptional. Nice cooperation and reception. Not to allow smoking in the room
Exceptional. The distinguished reception from the honorable brother Samih and Hussein.
The most important thing is that the radio and the media managed to convince the soldier, Fouad, the protagonist, while he is at the heart of the battle, that he is victorious, so he lied what he saw with his own eyes and believed them. The country was lost, and the soldier returned to the master of the country, ruling it with joy and ecstasy with the victory he had achieved, although he did nothing during the war other than burying the bodies and escaping by himself for fear of killing. This is the media. If only my people would know
Beautiful hotel in everything, but it lacks work with one team spirit. Everything is beautiful, especially the view. Not cleaning daily
By a veteran journalist. In a simplified way. Salama Musa takes on the role of the semi-faithful carrier in presenting Jamil history and the heroes of freedom across it
And in Iraq, hunger. The crops are sown in the harvest season. To satiate crows and locusts. The Schwann and stone are ground. Humans are spinning in the fields around them. rain. rain. rain
very good. Treat employees with utmost taste and respect. We thank them very much. No smoking in the rooms, we hope if you can provide rooms for smokers
Come back to him again, God willing. Location cleanliness opposite the women’s door in the mosque is excellent. There is no restaurant in the hotel and there are restaurants on the market, but below the level there are unpleasant smells from the kitchen, I think from the skylight
One of the best books I&#39;ve ever read is a great weapon to combat sadness and depression:
good. . Services at reception are very very slow. We hope to develop from reception cases to better factor
A great experience, I hope to repeat it, and the hotel has become a number for me, and thank you to all the staff. From start to finish, splendor of magnificence, in terms of comfort, cleanliness, and staff, magnificence of dealing with reception staff, especially Professor Fahd and Walid, splendor of residence, hotel, cleanliness, and breakfast. Jabal Omar and the markets on Ibrahim Hebron Road. There is absolutely no
Away from her distance from reality, but she appealed to me and added to her the splendor of exquisite translation ... We ask forgiveness from God that we have this delightful hadith for us
very good. Excellent, clean apartments and excellent services. The furniture is relatively old, and the drainage of the bathtub is poor
The book is excellent as a literary book and as a fictitious autobiography and carries a realistic and far-reaching strategic narration of an Arab president considered a mystery of gas last century ,, but it is not a book of history and does not represent any credibility to testify to the Sadat era because of the exaggerations and fabrications of some interpretations that excuse Sadat was responsible for every responsibility, whether during the Nasser period or the loophole in October or the peace agreement and the cracking of the Arab class after that. I gave him five stars for his literary level and his fun style only.
Exceptional. . Calmness and color consistency within the hotel
The story of Al-Waah and Dessr is a very wonderful novel. I like the easy linguistic style, which is far from complex. I liked how to list the events and include them through the perspective of the child Nour, who was a prophet, Noah, peace be upon him. The characters of the novel, and without any discussion, really exist in the reality that we live in, including those we deal with on a daily basis, and some of whom we have to deal with despite our will. Every word and every line of the novel opens our eyes to facts we live in today, but we have never paid attention to them, or we have paid attention, but we ignore them, in order to satisfy our delusions. The novel in one way or another makes us see the truth that we ignore and see the world in which we live now for what it is of looting, greed, encouragement, injustice, hatred, and trivial gatherings that are not without any gossip or ruggedness, and make us wake up from the blackness that we live and follow the small light that opens our minds On the truth that sets us to safety, where there is that best world, pure, centrifugal, free from any injustice, that world that we build with our hands if we intend to do so .. a truly wonderful novel that has touched and touched my depth, deserves all appreciation and praise.
Interesting novel, terrifying details
good. Cleanliness, breakfast and location. Smallness of the room and there is no place to sit if it is simple inside the room not to display prices inside the refrigerator
Exceptional. Close to campus, cleanliness, quiet, room size, parking.
I recommend to try it
I liked it too. I was surprised and surprised when I read that many considered the plot an incitement to liquefaction and nudity about the origins of society. However, this last was a peaceful foray into the author
I liked his mockery of life, and that every situation in which it is met will be very well expressed by vernacular poetry. . The world minimum floor box after role. The bench is ...... which is all the decor. He walks to a dry place and makes another place. Arbaji was Okan Emperor. I like it. .
good. . Diversity is preferred for breakfast
Stand up and don&#39;t tell the truth. O, sir .. The book really has a goal and tells an era and time in your life that is influential and in many sweet meanings. But it is possible that your style of presentation is not successful two pills:. But, Your Excellency, the director .. Waiting for the next greatest book. Go ahead, Thorje
Very beautiful . The location and staff are great, great, and its services are great for the price and suitable for conservative families. I did not like the situations. There are no suitable parking spaces in front of the hotel
Wonderful. Excellent location near the sanctuary. Restaurant services are not good, otherwise there is a place for families
the television . . TV channels are very limited only Islamic channels
A small life filled with fatigue and the disease of poverty that has humiliated everyone .. Naguib Mahfouz crossed this narration of the narrower and routine life, indicating that you are safe from its evils if you do not deny it to the spirit of adventurous and angry things ... This is Abbas Al-Helou with his kind heart Seduced by luxurious living, pride in disguise, the veil of self-pain, tear of sorrow and the wound of honor. Naguib Mahfouz tried to convey to the reader the idea of the original and not to deny it, along with another idea that I noticed in most of his novels, that she should not be spared from any woman and that she is the origin of every evil.
Gorgeous . Cleanliness is in place. nothing
good. . I requested Arabic coffee for the room and they apologized for the collection and they do not provide Arabic coffee for room requests
Very sore. It is a message of reproach full of love. The author tried to convince us that she had finished it. She is fed up with false promises. And give it up. But she was not convinced of anything that she tried to convince us of. Perhaps delude itself. To find any justification for its actions. Like every woman who loves, her mind flies. The work is awesome. Worth reading
Amir Atef ... Fate makes me leave when I hear this name. I trust that the novel deserves time and reading:. An emergency novel is one of the most beautiful novels that when you start and you do not know its misfortune, but when you save it ... recounting the events will help you ... the word will give you a smooth yet prevent you from thinking about any need other than the events ... the transition between the past and the present encouraged me very much to complete the novel ... I liked moving between the two times easily and easily ... I did not live by Tohan, and I lived through the events myself and acquaintances that happened before that and I was the characters in the novel: The novel brought together many types of human struggles ... a struggle for money ... a struggle for life ... even a struggle for survival instinct. I am unable to understand frankly how the Emir of my destiny makes me see people in one very difficult situation. It is one word that he burnt from the novel ... the gray area ... While I was reading the novel, I was referring to the word de much ..:. And its meaning is found throughout the events of the novel. I remained like crazy, and I read it ... Sometimes I give, laugh and sometimes laugh together ... I was reading it in a wonderful psychological state that settled at the end of the novel for psychological peace ... in death peace and in love peace this is what I learned from an emergency novel. The important thing is to live in peace. However, I have only one problem, but in the novel ... but it is the words ... I mean, in the words we were in need of it ... It is in its context, but it was possible to dispense with its loneliness, especially as the positions clarified the features of each person’s personality in them:. However, this did not diminish the splendor of the novel or its impact on it ...:. Thank you very much for your pen and thank you for the presence of writers like you. Waiting for the next and most beautiful, God willing::
Exceptional. On the reception staff screen, room size is suitable for the safety of the crew.
A thousand mercy and light on you, uncle Jalal ...
This novel is one of the best novels that I have read, and it is strange that the writer is not taking the famous writers, and this is his first account.
And an American wins in the end ..
A very interesting book that draws you from its beginning to the end, despite the large number of pages, it hopes that there will be a contemporary book with the same quality of this book
Ramada. Location and gentle treatment. Furniture is a consumer that needs to be changed in relation to the name of the hotel, the location of the hotel, and the pool needs cleaning.
The novel is a strong idea, the author&#39;s style is smooth, and it uses great novelty enhancements.
Time has spoiled, and only disappointed men are gone, men with insights and hearts are gone, and only men with stomachs are gone. When the humiliation of fear becomes the power of hearts ... When the pure piety rises, the screams of women blows ... .. know that we are under the rule of tyrants ..
For example, I fell asleep when I saw another name worthy of her, Maverich. Uh, it is a refraction of the soul with all the meanings of the word ... with every progress in the novel, I was a pure monster who was broken from the spirit of Ali ... his father and poverty ... labor movements ... Nasser oppression ... and imprisonment of his father ... He has to eat it because there is no other ... The war ... and the fracture of the soul that I made ... Fatima Oh, Fatima ... People draw a fantasy atmosphere in a very sweet way ... You hurt me as much as I love them ... You didn&#39;t expect the end of this for Fatima. Because of the strength that she was supplying to all those around her ... and the joy and happiness that you do with them. Why did you leave her, do not return with him again. Refraction of the soul .. refraction of the soul .. refraction of the soul
good. Very close to the women’s door, but far from the men’s door, especially for the elderly. I lived in a room and the smell of the bathroom was disturbing, and one of the staff at Al-Rehab Restaurant reached the room on / off indicating the olive plate and ate and the scene was bad.
It seems to me that many sons of our generation grow within it with this evacuation, if it did not really grow, so all the old has been destroyed for us, while the new has not yet appeared, and so we have become a possibility for something real in the future, and just a pure ghost in the present ... In this regard I can only Cheering on behalf of the revolution ... long live the January revolution ... so that we can spend our love.
Imposing a compulsory insurance that was not imposed previously in the value of dirhams without informing us of that on the site . I did not like that he was obliged to secure a mandatory dirham, and this is something new that was not there before, because I booked this one time, but in the last two times they imposed on us knowing that there is nothing in the room worthy of insurance
Still my favorite ... The problem is, if I want to eat, I can&#39;t stop .....
good . . We were late by check if they did not take into account our situation that we are capturing with children
Frankly, I have not read a book with this historical, political and cultural information in this way. Brilliant
Manifesto still revives the spirit of the revolution in us and reminds us of the days of January. Really great masterpieces of Mustafa Ibrahim
A very fascinating novel, one of the most beautiful things I read, a psychic full of values and principles that should be taught to school students after some modifications that I will portray out of jealousy for this work that sparked my attention and suddenly surprised me with an end other than the start level at all, whoever wants to be writing more than just A story that turns into a tool for psychological interaction and intellectual reform when people must pass his readers through the barrier of authentication from the side of imagination to the banks of the solid logical truth, because the end of this wonderful psychological journey should not be like this I do not want to spoil it on new readers, also dear writer there A big difference between a The insight referred to in the novel and some of the fantasy situations that were scattered after the hero’s journey from Mecca, meaning that the insight is an example in that I see that I go this way exclusively because I see many benefits that he does not see but rather never can be embodied in the insight that I know what your pocket contains of Money without knowing anything between you and me, or when I suddenly wake up, go down the street to find a man who needs me. This is not insight at all. I think that pruning the novel from some fantasies is a requirement that it enter the field of psychotherapy as an important tool.
A beautiful hotel close to the Ihram I recommend it to small families. The warm welcome of the reception and greeting staff.
Exceptional. Calm down.
Although I do not like the stories of space invasion. But the content of the message is not beautiful:
Exceptional. The comfortable reception is close to the malls, especially the reception. Excellent employee name Ayman. nothing
good. The breakfast buffet is very simple. The value is overpriced
Who is sad and who is sorry? A man practiced all rituals with unparalleled craftsmanship. A man who knows everything that his female needs and how to keep her humiliated by that need. A man has long been angry at him for his three hundred leaves. I wished to be female, not to be blessed with all this cunning. Not to visit all these cities with him ... nor to learn from him how the tragedy of love will be. Just to get it from the same end. The same sorrow for what he did before what he did not. A man cut my ties to him in the last two papers .. Because only he lived all his life and will die without living. . Or on a female who was destined by fate. A female performed her role in every detail with his pains before his joys. A female played the role of love, knowing that she would never be in the end. She is only a female fancy, not a female life. . A mother of a country who killed everything she loved. They robbed her of all her children. A country that no longer carries only an oppressor whose hand is stained with blood. You see nothing but ruin and destruction. You only hear the sound of fire. Just smell blood of people of all their guilt, they loved. . From the first paper I know that I will not exit from the pages of the novel as I entered it. I will definitely lose something. I will come out with that joy that afflicts us with the separation of our loved ones. . How can you do all this to us? Who allowed you to express our feelings. She plays the role of life in her story, we are not heroes, but our events extend to where we went. How can you make me sing with you ... cry with you ... and dance with you. How do you throw me curse those people and places. It is not only my love story ... nor a story I want. It is a life against my will I stuck to it and I need time to get it out of me.
One of the valuable books that contains the deepest and most beautiful messages useful to every Muslim youth .. It discusses the problems / situations that we are experiencing as young people and sets ways to treat them. And we must take advantage of this great period of strength. The time and health to achieve what we want, and seek to obtain the pleasure of God Almighty.
Book of radiating light
As the features are embodied in letters, you feel that the eye of the soul is reading, not the mind.
Her start was unnaturally boring. It is a narration of events. But when he began to communicate the influence of the blue elephant on Yahya. It was a surprise here. It was necessary for me to be fully active. So that I can absorb and unleash my imagination while reading the description. But unfortunately. The reader loses his flame when he realizes the end. I realized it sometime the writer mentioned. Tattoo. I immediately knew it was talisman. I wish him happy novels in the future. Waiting for the movie
A truly fascinating novel ... in which the writer summed up the first and last battle from the beginning of the creation to the end between good and evil, summarized all those true stories that occurred and all the stories of the conflict from time immemorial with one story, and this is what gave the novel its advantage, because through this novel you will look at this conflict in a way Others and you will look at all those true stories from another perspective and even other worlds from angels, jinn and demons, you will know what this conflict is and what will happen .. The thing that really took me with all my feelings in the novel is that part where the hero abandoned his humanity to move to another world full of spirituality and secrets Science and worship only to God. Always creative work from a creative pen
Coherent narration with high plot .. and thoughtful characters .. and logical events I wish the writer all the best
Great hotel .. but the price is too overrated. . Reception staff treated the location. Room cleaning service is very overpriced
From the most wonderful thing I read, I felt that I lived with him in the novel
Of the stories that I studied in a high school and its story I used to enjoy it while I was studying it
Excellent location for shopping. Smiling reception, frequent parking, and a small grocery store in the apartments. No shower towels and a microwave in the apartments
good. The cleanliness of the women&#39;s pool. Nothing worth mentioning
A very creamy book ... it took me months, maybe that goes back to my preoccupation with my studies and circumstances in the recent period, but it is one of the most wonderful books that I have read, I highly recommend it
Excellent . Rest and place. Smoking rooms
good. Service, cleanliness, price for service, reception. The location is very very bad and difficult to reach, as there is not enough parking available
A wonderful historical epic that challenges your ability to suppress tears either on the protagonists of the novel or on the fall of Andalusia .. a novel that deserves and is in every way worthy of being the best novel in the history of modern Arab literature .. of the best that I have read
very good. . Daily cleaning of the room was not done as required, especially the toilet is only wiped and not washed, and this is not good, especially with children
Despite the length of the story and its many details, I really enjoyed it and read it in record time:
About history, which provokes itself provocatively
The best way to mock reality is the idea of presenting a comedy movie that some may find easy and simple ... just a group of feats and mockery of some situations and events and the reality in which we live comes out with the greatest successful comedy movie, or a queen and talent of the author of the work and his light blood comes to the required .. ..I am convinced of all this, especially after watching a movie that tells about Abdel Ghaffar Amin al-Hunaidi, who decided to be a football team from the factory workers he owns, but the disease is severe and he dies, and he recommended his son Mansour Younis Shalabi to take over the management of the factory and the team to succeed him, so Mansour will resort to a manager His business and his friend Samir Ghanem after he settled in Cairo leaving His wife, Hassania Lebleba, in his village, to implement that ... Indeed, a group of the beautiful Faihat set by the scriptwriter Farouk Sabry in an interesting dialogue and comedy mocking the community and people and the way they think and show all this in some scenes that heroes played their roles to the fullest, for example, teacher Ali Sharif and his mockery of Those in the café who owned it for their excessive interest in football at the time that many needs in the country deserve that attention, also surprised and surprised business manager Samir Ghanem from the people who were the reason for the high prices of football defect, which made them control the club to which they belong and impose their conditions unattended In addition to the club’s board of directors acquiescing to their demands and achieving them, with many scholars deserving this appreciation ... I think that this was one of the most important problems that he suffered in our Egyptian society in particular ... Also, the wife’s idea of Hassania Lebleba is keeping pace with the events and changes that he goes through Her husband Mansour Younes Shalaby is the biggest proof of what is happening inside that eastern society. The husband is interested in another woman just because she cares about her external appearance ..... The film is great because it contains many hints about what is happening around us.
Really a lot more work to talk about. But it drives me to the nature of man, who is always looking for sacred things. And on the authority of a society that always needs a Savior who may be a prophet and may be a guide or an adventurer, but he is not particularly a magician, as magic turns against its owner. A novel suitable for every time and every place. The lane and punish its generations is the state, it is the city, it is the center, it is the village, and people are the people. The Egyptians are also the Egyptians with patience, whipping, and stillness until you think they are dormant, inactive, but they certainly utter at a time that you do not expect. As for the idea of religion, I suspect this narration has increased my belief in the power of the Creator, the Exalted, the Majestic, not shyness or polytheism, God forbid. As I said in a previous comment I read it and it is repeated inside of me, the Almighty saying: We lack the best stories for you, the great truth of God
Exceptional. What caught my attention was the good treatment of hotel workers for guests, sophisticated cooperation that deserves praise. I thank all the employees of the hotel. I advise guests to book at this hotel. The reasons are several good dealings, a newly built hotel, quiet Ahmed Dubai. Several of the Grand Mosque in Makkah, the room’s bathroom for God is tight for you
First, I liked the style and classical language, even if it is a two-word sage. The novel helped me to see the other, this will happen. It is very difficult for me to have this end, even though I expected that it would work like this, and if it was a work other than that, the novel remained a factor like the old Arab movie. The novel contains an amount of information that is not natural in information that was really the first time I knew it. Magnificent charred responses. Although I felt that if someone doubted his religion, he would not read the novel in part of it, he would make him wonder more, but when he completes if he has a little mind, it will be more deep in his religion. My respect to you and your pen and your mind
The burger of the meat is sweet but the chicken is bad
Why are you locking yourselves in a single angle of vision? Look at your life from above. This will make things clear to you completely. Hard, look again at life in this book
Human is an issue
very good. . There is no cot
Wonderful, and its magnitude varied from part to part. The first half of the novel is wonderful. Describes the second half, with which you feel the narrative traditional, albeit good. The first half is excellent. The second half is good .. a great effort in the novel that you are ashamed of not appreciating. Knowing about two societies that make you feel that you live in both .. better than Mawlana in stages. Because the two jobs were candidates for poker in the same year. The bamboo leg was excelled .. In all, a great novel. It led me to look at the relatively young author&#39;s age and his age, and that creativity is not related to age .. The Gulf pen brings out wonderful works that indicate their intellectual development .. The Poker Prize opens up wide horizons for us to look at the work of others. I do not think that many of us would have read the bamboo stalk or the Druze of Belgrade or any other had it not been for this award, so thank you to those responsible for it .. A novel I highly recommend reading it for the comfortable feelings it publishes.
good. Everything was good.
Very beautiful and very moving novel .. touched all my feelings. Love and separation, longing and sadness, hope .. and disappointment, too
The best for me
Beautiful and comfortable hotel. The room is excellent.
An interesting novel regardless of all the ideas that you may not like or excite you .. It takes you with its events that are intertwined in a beautiful consistency and its carefully selected language as it included many passages that contain a hidden rule that left the reader with the task of deduction..takes you to the banks of meanings..and flames You have a lot of terrible feelings ... I will just talk about a portion of what he mentioned. .... the Kingdom of Mark Zuckerberg or the kingdom of bedding that approaches to delusion with everything in it more than approaching and touching the truth ... when she left the tired souls similar to her delicate butterflies with stabbing wings in fragility..looking for warmth that shrouds them ... attracted without She lingers to the beautiful shiny lights that show these spaces as if she is an angelic light scientist who does not stop calling her ... and under the influence of all this magic and beauty that beats with emotional feelings .. butterflies become blind and illusion interferes with the truth it has .. and omits the fact That light, which is nothing but fire, will eat up its fragile wings ... and leave it in its entirety and its weakness It is about progressing forward with her previous aggression ... unable to forget about her fires ... and only a few of them can face death with her desperate survival in life ... in the end .. In the shadow of the kingdom of mattress squatting on this alluring illusion, the butterflies that survive From the chapters of death, it grows more certainty of life
The book is sweet, light, and delicious, like Bilal&#39;s habit:
The truth is that the writer has a precise description of the feelings of heroes whose narration is terribly accurate, giving up the reader unites with them in some parts because the description is very real and true to human feelings, so for sure, you will see yourself in a moment inside one of her stories. This is especially painful to my heart, the pain and confusion and weakness of the human being
One of the most beautiful things I have read
I recommend dealing with the hotel. Excellent location in front of the metro. the price is high
Finishing reading Murakami means that you gasp as if you woke up from a dream, or came out of a wall or ran quickly and with great eagerness and eagerness .. I lived in the novel and the Dolphin Hotel and the hero .. What was his name? Never mind, it was not in keeping with the advanced capitalist era, I think I liked it for that .. I really don’t know how I can gasp behind reading another novel after this
To be with you and be with me. And do not be together. That is the separation. ..... That includes one room. We do not have a single planet. That is the separation. ......... to become my heart. A soundproofed room lined with walls. And do not notice that. That is the separation. ............... To search for you inside your body. And look for your voice within your words. And check your looks inside the windows of your eyes. Find your pulse inside your hand block. That is the separation .....
Very comfortable hotel, very clean, tidy, attentive, good handling and screen. It gives them wellness good reception from the airport until we return to the airport. There is no shattaf in the bathroom
It is the curse of wars .... spreading like cancer in the body
The novel is light and the idea arrived without exaggeration. I liked the method as a whole. ..I liked that he cites the incidents and statistics that may lead Egypt to the ZD case. Live freedom social justice
luxury . Everything pleased you. There is nothing that disturbs your travel
This book is a gift from a relative, and I used to buy and read it a long time ago, but my girlfriend fulfilled my wish: The truth, Radwa Ashour, to all the books that I read to her, attracted me to every word she said, and I cannot leave the book until it is finished. When I was finished, every time I wish to complete her speech because I am truly never full of it. Advice: Whoever does not read Radwa Ashour should read to her
good. The hotel is good and located close to the airport, and there is a mall, restaurants and cabarets in the same area. The lake area was closed for repairs
Cookies are the second time, frankly, the most delicious in Kentucky
Excellent restaurant for lunch and breakfast The entire staff service was excellent, especially Mr. Abdulaziz who works in the restaurant and Mr. Abdullah Ali Al-Dakhil, Chief of Security. The restaurant lové was over the top every day. The staff was very friendly. There is a shopping center very soon.
I liked the idea very much, the style is interesting, the language but it could still be much sweeter, in general the novel is excellent for a writer, Lessa, to start
Despite my observations on the novel, but it deserves five stars .. its name suffices:. I understood the difficulty of the Iraqi dialect, which I write with conversations between people, but this dialect was what made me live in the atmosphere of the novel, it would have lost a lot of its flavor if it was written in Al-Fushehi .. Its details are very sad, but it was needed to be deeper than that, especially since the situation of Christians in Iraq is said There is a lot in it .. I liked the very spirituality of the souls that the protagonists had sought refuge in, and Yusuf’s talk about the way he believed was very wonderful.
One of the most beautiful things I have read, even if I have reservations about parts of it that do not encourage me to recommend it to be read by any reader .. The language of the novel is very beautiful. Just as I like. Poetic, figurative language that does not tire of contemplating and re-reading it. It has a warmth and a vibrant life, as if you coexist with the events of the novel .. The work carries a lot of suspense and amazement, the aesthetics of the narration and the artistic plot .. a novel worthy of winning the Booker. Excerpt I liked :. He was interested while listening to me with a polite annulment, and he was smiling, but I did not want to make you smile by talking about what he might grow up .. His words were with me, I was more cautious about me. However, I started telling his night to him without knowing what prompted me to trust him .. I went back to his cell and my exhaustion reached my goal so that the marking took me at the door and when I entered I saw my bed and slept a compassionate sleep without any dreams .. His words attracted me, and I paid attention to all its precise meanings That I&#39;ve always felt in myself. His question fell into Jovi as a burning liquid dispersed the breezes of sunset that his gentle blowing had begun. His words attracted me, and I paid attention to all the subtle meanings that I had always felt in myself. His clear phrases readily into my heart and mind. I thought that she cared about me, otherwise she wouldn&#39;t ask about me. I followed my desire and loved this feeling, ignoring calls of doubt and fear
The book is very very interesting. Although it is not just short stories. No da seed, each story is information about nature and animals. Presented in a very literary and enjoyable way
Ali Saghra&#39;s book .. is full of information .. It is exhausted from the schematic overestimation of most of its lines
The beauty of the novel is that you are unable to imagine that it is with all the details from the imagination of a personally written by a period of hate the amount of pornography in the novels, but the writer&#39;s style is to describe intimate moments outside the framework of public literature that was a kind of workmanship. The novel gave me more role to answer as it was in my mind about my childhood from theology, the Messiah and monasticism in general. I enjoyed every moment of the novel and advised to read it.
Exceptional. Good reception and farewell. High restaurant prices
I recommend staying in it was a wonderful day ... Location, cleanliness, handling, classy furniture, quiet. The uncomfortable bed pillow has no cot
The novel is very good and its style is great, but I have a sense of the influence of the writer Shoya Muhammad Sadiq and Ahmed Murad in the way of listing events, comments or objections after the situation. The second need is that the protagonist Pinar has a very large resemblance or a snapshot of the real life of the writer, and some events may have actually occurred. In all, a very wonderful novel
A strong start, Ahmed .. Greetings to you, seriously and sure that your writing that will come will be more than wonderful. You are also from the book, which is not easy, because that is why one must focus first, and he will read to you a need..May God grant you success
The writings of Ghazi Al-Qossabi are very impressive. I will put aside the vast amount of aesthetic that is found in the story on one side.
The writer&#39;s style is great, the sequence of events is interesting, dealing with a large portion of reality, what happens inside prisons and methods of torture, but the part of revenge does not happen at all, and if only he will happen at the time, he will fear every tyrant of revenge.
The first time I am ashamed of myself and feel the grace and love of our Lord, Lina. The first time I learn what I have gone through other than our Lord. The first time I feel I am young in front of myself. The first time he sensed the value of every verse, every rakah, and every whisper in prayer. The first time I feel the meaning of relaxing, Bilal. Rest beyond comfort. Feeling that you are in another world. A sense of joy mixed with fear, hope and greed for the creator&#39;s greatness. A book for me was a divine message that came then:. Grandfather comfort comfort comfort. O God, acceptance of God, reverence of God, sincerity of God, forgiveness of God, Paradise
Comfort, calm and good treatment of everyone. Al-Sadr sought reception, smile, etc. Thank Muhammad at the reception and the hotel manager Ahmed Ali for all they did to me. For God, for nothing
As a novel by a Saudi writer .. I was very impressed. I had an amazing idea.
Novel evaluation. In the beginning, I was stopped by gifts so much. I felt that it was a big talk and intended for something other than what I understood, and it really appeared. It is difficult for you to meet now a writer who writes a correct language in an easy, understandable and friendly way, a very important need for Hassan Al-Bukhari and you will be motivated why, God willing, in the upcoming writings. The aim and objective of the novel is a thorny subject, frankly, and it really exists, and it has started spreading voraciously. The novel in general is so captivating to me that I read it in less than two hours and want to read it again
good. . The pool was very cold so we did not enjoy swimming because the pool cooler is broken
good. How to distribute the rooms and the presence of parquet. The curtains are not good, there is only one TV, the out-of-date sivers server is outdated
Distinguished. Totally impressed. There is no
good. Diversity in restaurants, location ,. Lack of bidets in the bathroom, on-site maintenance, small parking spaces, crowded parking spaces especially at night,
Thanks and appreciation. I thank my brother Fahd Al-Khuzai for his good manners and good deal and his dedication to serving the pilgrims, and we remove the hotel with sincerity and dedication, and I ask God to reward him with the best of reward. There is no
great experience . Cleanliness, quietness and location. No carpet
Below average hotel. The short man at the gate. Pakistani way of dealing
very classy . An elegant and distinguished hotel, close to services, the Dubai Mall and the Arabic metro, to miss you. There is no
Excellent . Cleanliness and hotel is new. Reception and dealing is nothing but the whole thing is excellent and hard
Speaking dr. The path of the feminist or feminist movements or what he called the feminist movements. That makes a woman equal to a man, as the relationship between them is based on peer, not complementarity, thus creating a struggle. A struggle in which one party must dominate the other, as is the custom of the materialists. After the struggle of the classes with Marx, the struggle of races with Darwin, and the struggle of the white man with other lesser races as in the imperialist perception = the conflict between male and female comes. A struggle that destroys the last bastion and shelter of the individual of the family as the last intermediary group that protects it from the influence of the state .. Our materialistic view made the woman give up her role assigned to the formation of the family, so she went out to chat with men head-to-head in areas that are not suitable for her nature as a female, so the housewife is seen that she is without work, even though she is She endures a lot of physical and psychological effort, and all of that is without pay ... which makes the materialists look at the matter without pay = not work; but what can a secretary in an import and export company do more than a housewife does?
One of the books of the beautiful heritage in it is that it proves you that we speak a second language other than Arabic. A very tired book, the one standing on its palace. I used to read it twice and two times, and then put it in its appendix to understand its beauty. Really a very beautiful and very useful book
I read it again and didn&#39;t regret it. For the late late Abdul-Wahab Mutawa, a unique method of communicating information without indoctrination ... may God have mercy on him, a broad mercy
I loved it very much, the simplicity of the pain in it and its clarity make it quickly reach you. Being blamed for sin is not your fault, and I am not even able to comprehend it, something that is difficult to describe ... and what makes things more complicated is that it started in the nineties, when things were more and more difficult ... affiliation, roots, family, matters in the human instinct that is lost in it A person without them ... the problems of our societies we see and know them, but seeing them here is a completely different matter ... Al-Sanousi was very much here.
In his new novel, Omar Awdah moves from imaginative horror to realistic horror .. But when we made the decision to enter the fortresses of the secrets of the recent past to present a fictional work whose columns extend from the ground ... Once from the reality of our reality .. I was honored to be one of those who shared Omar with expressing opinions after completing every part of this novel .. The novel that I exhausted its writer and all the team working on it psychologically before intellectually and physically .. In your hands is a work that is not the purpose of entertainment, so the truth is literature first Shed light on the faults of society .. Here in this narration, Omar Oud progresses It filed a complaint for those who care about it perhaps one responds ... although I disgracing it&#39;s only one thing. . His earlier novels, most of which were heroes dead, and I accused him of blackness were less desperate than this .. Perhaps he had to present the truth in a template that was less so than this ... We even suggested that one pound of the price of each copy sold to treat its readers be depressed that would befall them as a result of their reading For their recent history in the form of a novel under the name of a communication
Clean hotel. The attention of the reception staff, including brother Ali and the dear brother of Egypt, who keeps at night, frankly, they are all tops in ethics and attention to the comfort of the guest. On cleanliness, the lack of clean hotels in Hafar Al-Batin Governorate will strengthen you, and, God willing, the apartments will continue with a level of cleanliness. Small size of the hall sound insulation is weak
What I liked most about this book is honesty .. The writer narrated how the Islamic youth emerged through his childhood, his vision, goals and dreams, and how he and the Islamic community in all its aspects .. Secondly, criticism of the Islamic experience and Islamists away from intolerance and blind justification and no sharp criticism and The exaggeration of their faults ... and away from the dawn in the adversaries, as we see from some dissidents. On groups, parties and entities these days, a book worth reading
good. The breakfast is delicious. The place inside the market is special. The bed is small, the location of the hotel is in a crowded area, and the extra baby bed is very small, unlike other hotels
He says in the early semester: What I liked most about the history of the world is that it is real, that all the exceptional things that we read about have actually happened. What&#39;s more, what actually happened is far more exciting and surprising than anything we can tell. . The book is mainly intended for children, and this calls for sorrow that I have not read this book at a younger age, but it seems that it was not translated until recently, and this is one of the problems of translation in our country..and a nice translation introduction to the writer, as well as the presentation of the writer&#39;s granddaughter, who transmitted a dialogue with her grandmother: We were sitting on the lawn or On a tree lying ground. When my grandfather pulled a bundle of papers from inside his jacket, saying: Would you allow me to read something to you? . It would have been better for him to actually read my grandmother says now, even then, as we know, Ernest&#39;s streak was very difficult. This thing, of course, was a brief history that he clearly liked, and the readings continued for the next six weeks until the book ended, where my grandfather handed him over to Neoworth at the appointed time .. The granddaughter said that her grandfather had modified the book more than once until the book reached its current form and said: But There are changes that would not have been possible without him: We know that he intended to add chapters on Shakespeare and on the Bill of Rights, and undoubtedly he would have expanded, for example, in his brief treatment of the English Civil War and the birth of parliamentary democracy, which had less significance for the Vienna graduate Who wrote the book on the English citizen A. A Osubhh is in Bad.olkn how he Sicherj these things? We cannot guess, and therefore, the portions that he did not revise on his own remain the same and as thousands of his readers from different countries have estimated. The following paragraph is also from the introduction of the granddaughter, and it is worthy of attention: I would like to confirm, my grandfather wrote in the introduction to the Turkish version a few years ago that this book is not intended / was not a day to replace any scientific books in history that serve a completely different purpose in school. I would like my readers to relax, and to follow the story from Without having to write notes or actually keep names and dates, I promise them that I won&#39;t test them for what they read. The book&#39;s drawings are also simplified and as inspiring as this picture, which came in the second chapter. The writer in the last chapter reviews himself in many of the ideas that he presented with a presentation of history, such as the extermination of the Indians and others, and we find it says: I am now more reluctant to talk about the brutal crime committed in our century itself, for in any case, this book is intended for young readers who should not be exposed to such things. However, the little ones grow up, and they also must learn from history how easy it is for Humans have to turn to non-human creatures through incitement and hatred. Thus, in the last years of the Second World War, it was the expulsion of Jews living in all the countries of Europe that are under German occupation, millions of men, women and children, from their homelands, where a number was placed Big of them are on trains sent east to Little There. . It is worth noting that the author is Jewish and that throughout the book he speaks with an unbiased neutrality about the religions and beliefs he presents .. We find it in the last chapter of the book as well, which deals with the history of the world he witnessed saying: To learn about history from books is one thing, and to test it yourself something else. What I wanted to remind you of now was when the flash glimpse of humankind&#39;s past likened the view that could be seen from a plane flying at great altitude. All we can distinguish are some of the details on the banks of the River of Time, but when viewed from close-up, and the waves coming towards us one after another, the river will look very different. Some things will look more clear while we will hardly see other things. And this is what happens with us daily. The most enjoyable book
No, O waterer, turn around and touch it / the love seemed easy at first, then its horrors appeared .. The breeze of the sweet boy perfume that passed through the end / the folds of her hair touched my curly, the bloodiest of hearts..and any security or comfort to me in the house of loved ones, and in a moment From the moments / the bell arrives, saying: Pack the traveler of m .. If he says to the sheikh and the guide the color of carpets by wine / he asked, and the question does not ignore the road and the landmarks of the road .. If you want permanent attendance, do not lose sight of the adored
Exceptional. Its location, free parking, valet parking and interior design. I booked a room for two days with breakfast, but the receptionist told me when working that the breakfast is free only for two adults and a child under six years and that my old child must pay breakfast about it in cash.
Book name: Labyrinth Maps. Author: Buthaina Al-Essa. number of pages : . Publishing house: Arab Science House Publishers. Year of Publication : . Before that moment, everything was fine .. From a miserable period I was sure of the hideousness of reality and the extent of what it holds of its beast, darkness and monsters. I took the most terrible thing in man and animal, so I became a mutant .. But I did not imagine yet how much this is in Labyrinth maps .. The novel begins in Mecca with a lost child in a crowded place, was found by Rowena, who works in the slave gang and as if I did not imagine that the slave market did not end, he only traded in black children, but the misfortune of the lost child was white I have a family that can pay A million dollars to get it back, as if I also did not imagine that racism has a place in the trafficking of children, and, as usual, mutants want each of them to protect Pray on the money alone, killing Gerges, the head of the gang, Rowena and Othman, and escaping Meshari for the fate of the most brutal .. He escapes to the courageous regime of the criminal who prays in the morning and rapes a child at night .. On the other side was the toxicity of the mother who clung to God, until she saw him in Everything, she became praying and floating around like someone who finds in it the return of her son or she turned to her pain dissipated with her .. And Faisal the father who became living in a world without his family and a silent applied sky .. And finally Saud the uncle who came from Kuwait to Mecca to search for his nephew seven The night is looking for seven brombos, from Mecca to Asir, and from there to Sinai, where it collided with a more severe reality than the slave trade, which is trade in their organs, cells and dead bodies. W and cemeteries and doctors cut each member for sale and each member at a price. Everyone collided with the most painful reality of poverty and hunger, a reality without humanity .. No one returned as it was until Mishari the little boy who returned after a trip that kidnapped him is not the same as he had grown up after he got lost .. And I think I also do not return as I was, concepts changed Many in my mind, I thought that when I fold pages of the labyrinth quickly, I will get rid of them, but they are the ones that got rid of me, I tried to get rid of the thing that applies to my chest, but my attempts in vain were .. I left the novel a deep scar inside me, it will hurt me more whenever I see a child afraid of it Meshari&#39;s journey .. From the fate of Mashari, Maryam and others .. I am scared and painful, there is something in my chest that hurts me, I am dead Tta with them in the wandering, if I am safe from them, then I am not safe from the pain .. We gathered together on the same map and inevitable .. I was attracted by a toxic person from the other, Sumaya thought that if she crumbled through God, her heart would crumble with her, her pain would disappear, I looked to kill the pain but did you Will the pain disappear? .. In fact, the pain is not as painful as the details of the pain, Satan is not alone who dwells in the details, but the pain also lies in its details, in his abyssal hotness in the tunnels of darkness and pain ... The pain does not break, because it mixes with your seeds and mixes with your cells .. The pain remains. The characters are drawn so that they are realistic, each of them is a victim who has become a perpetrator, evil is something acquired from the soul, no one is born with a black heart, but the circumstances are those who refer white to gray, then the underlying evil completes his cynicization of black without light without sky without mercy without humanity ... the literary novel is considered A jump to his feet that seemed to be liberated from the woman’s world and entered a more realistic world, details and personalities .. a more spacious and dense world .. you feel that the holiness of holiness has been torn apart collectively .. and reveals to you the other side that is impotent, rickety, to Mecca, to a city incapable of Mobility. A vast leap from its ethereal world in which it was created, to a world that is more painful, in which everything happens anywhere, holiness does not mean anything other than its follower, until Mecca is the house of God and the place of the Messenger has another face .. a rude face in front of a helpless city .. Nafir. Hajir .. Seir .. Asir .. Maseer .. Nazir .. Nair .. Bed .. Growl .. Island .. We Point .. Jarir .. Fate .. Nameer .. Fourteen chapters .. Each chapter contains parts Small it looked like intense flashes full of details for a photographer fond of detail, flashes ringing in front of you, drowning you in its details, attracting you with its events, you want to know what will happen and at the same time you do not want them to end .. you think that you have linked with the fate of each character Want to know how each of them will complete his life?. The language was smooth and rhetoric, likable and flowing in an easy way, and the dialogue is carefully manicured, the mixture of dialects and classical in something of beauty and intelligence, so that the dialogue reveals to you about personalities and events without feeling that it is intended to know .. where are those who deny the dialects Vernacular? They need a lesson in the language of Naguib Mahfouz, Yusuf al-Sibai, Idris, Ihsan and finally Buthaina .. The plot was very genius, the speed of events is an ideal speed, you will read each letter without feeling it is not necessary .. Perhaps I am not good here to talk about the narrative composition Because it is a realistic novel, so I will talk about the realistic novel, it is a literature that presents human models exposed to crises .. Is the reality so ridiculous that it means only crises? . The realistic novel has sparkled over the years in its narrative space, full of its independent characters that descend and ascend with its dreams and thoughts, and you can easily leave an indelible mark and hidden pain .. illuminating aspects for it that it did not imagine existed in this way and accuracy. The realistic novel has its magic because it shows you the reality with so much darkness, injustice, sadness and shame .. As for the end here, it was very intelligent, in fact there are no happy ends, no sad ends, they are only ends of things that happen and leave a scar inside you that forces a bearer throughout your life Meshary is back, but he never returned as it was .. God forgive you, Buthaina, for all this pain that has spread Went inside your letters .. We are all on the same map .. We are all lost and will not return from it.
very good . Muntaz Hotel, calm, hygiene and good reception, and next to the Mall of the Emirates Mall and the hotel crew Mentazin and applaud, I advise it to the Secretariat. A laundry service must pay attention to or deal with laundries outside the hotel, and breakfast is normal
very good. The location is excellent. The apartment needs more attention and cleanliness
I liked the most for Qusaybi. I read it again, hoping to recover my enjoyment of it, but unfortunately, it was not agreed
Yusuf Idris is that man whom no matter how you disagree with him, and whatever he says, you cannot help him, except that you love him because you see his pure, pure heart between the lines. Taha Hussein treated him fairly when criticizing his works, and frankly, I was surprised by the presence of Taha Hussein and what Taha Hussein wrote that does not compliment anyone and he is the objective critic. Taha said about him that he had read and found in it pleasure, strength and accuracy of sense of taste, sincerity of observation and ingenuity of performance as he found in his first book, on deepening life and his understanding of its minutes and a sincere and strict recording of what is happening in it from the glories of events and their bones and all this appears without hesitation or cost. Yusuf Idris does not like excessive sayings, nor is he accustomed to dazzling speech, but every word with an account and every word in its correct position performs exactly what he wanted it to do from the meanings ... Yes, this is Yusuf Idris .. a person is truly a meaning of the word and the meanings and can not help but that She asks to read more.
The book I finished in less than an hour. A light book is a page you wish you could get too long. Light in size, but his words fell on my heart was great. At the beginning of my reading I used to quote him until I was about to quote the book in full:. A book that surprised me of its beauty. wonderful wonderful wonderful . A book I will never hope to read. I advise and strongly encourage it
View of the Prophet&#39;s Mosque with small rooms. Site overseeing the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. The rooms are small, no parking
Three days I sat on it and finished the book on it. Beautiful, to the extent that I could not leave it until I finished it. What he talks about is the reality of some workers, and because of that, he pitied more for them. I like the end, it is neither open nor closed too. The stories are sealed at the end, and at the same time, they allow you to create your imagination for other consequences of the story. To my enthusiasm, I read the series, because my father compared the novel to its application on the ground. I hope they apply it exactly
If you are a question owner, you will find in this book many of the answers that a person presents to himself and he fears that people will atone for it
good. The speed of the employees in completing the transaction.
A very cool and very deep book that is difficult for many to understand if he has not had a background on the subject of the book before
Aisha descends into the world: writer Buthaina created in writing, writing is the only thing that relieves us and saves us from our sorrows when we are unable to speak sympathy for her grief, but her strength of faith in judiciary and destiny is weak and no matter how much we spoil ourselves and punish our souls and go to isolation this will not return what he missed
Exceptional. Special thanks to Mr. Mahmoud Al-Azeeq. This is a first-class, family-run Islamic hotel, there are no wines, no bar or discos, a man-to-man massage, and a woman for a woman. Please transfer the Qur&#39;an from the stairs to the foot to the stairs, on the one hand, in all rooms.
Exceptional. We booked a room and were upgraded to a suite upon our arrival. The speed of entering it near the campus and its cleanliness, and those working in it are very upscale.
True love is the love that all people get tired in. Powerful every day and every second .. so that they know they reach a point where they meet, life is almost sweet .. n very simply .. life is our life, it remains sweet .. but you remain sweet with the extent of your estimated presence in the world .. Simplicity .. Clarity and depth are the most important features of the novel .. How do you appreciate with just the words that you are sneaking into the hearts of those who recognize the words de and let them restore their calculations in their relationships .. The novel is in its simplicity, depth and complexity and the magic that shakes your heart and the pain that cries the same heart .. Trust To the point of arrogance in a moment and a sense of imperfection in a second moment .. semi-personality A more character close to my heart in the novel .. Thanks Muhammad Sadiq on the honorable effort and the wonderful novel that revived my heart:
Do you know that when you hurt others, you hurt yourself without knowing? As we say, we are a rotary world, what you offer today will return to you later ... the black military. A short novel ... tells the story of many enthusiastic youth. And most of what is caused by governments with such enthusiasm. Mute / change it / internal and external mutilation of its owner.
As usual, Sheikh Muhammad Al-Ghazali always wrote. He speaks with impartiality and objectivity in the intellectual conquest of our nation. He talks about two main aspects that were the reason for the success of the West in intellectual conquest. The first is the stunning material success of Western civilization, which tempts anyone to join their knees. The second reason, which is the most important from the point of view of our Sheikh, is our resounding fall in all fields of intellectual fall, which was followed by a decline in the whole system of government, money, education, and ethics. What prevailed in the West and came upon us except from our decline and our decline. He talks at length about our downfall and our decline in many ideas and appearances that confirm that God&#39;s year is a window that cannot be changed. What we are in now is the harvest of our intellectual fall .. God does not support those who do not deserve it, even if it is the most faithful people. Then he tries in solutions to get the nation out of this situation and talks about the greater role of the jurists and the free thinkers who are not affiliated with an authority or president who flattered him. The jurists and thinkers are the ones who put the first block, which is the re-correcting of concepts and the order of priorities
From the list&#39;s novels of Booker, which whenever I touch one of them, I no longer know who will win, even though I have preferred some of them over others when reading. It seems that identity and the search for self-formation are a theme of this year’s narratives, and I am certain that this year’s novels outside the list have not departed from this theme, and there is no doubt about that. The Arab / Islamic world has been going through for several years. I read this year and the past few years and above my illness, which I have been suffering for less than a year. Here, my sadness is renewed because of the suffering of the book of these novels, and there is no doubt that the characters of these texts are part of her book, as Naguib Mahfouz says .. The changes in the map of the Middle East is the focus of this novel with a simple language that is almost Like the fact that the language of the daily newspaper, and details Bmhumaih wrote this novel based on the individual tale associated with the biggest event touches all the Arab world .... Geography .. Her game was sky close to our house and between the Earth and the title of the novel ridden our events. Proceeding from the tragedy of all, which undoubtedly confuses the individual, the novel takes us to a historical era that dates back more than a century and a half, where the nineteenth century is in line with its current itinerary. And how wars make the roots of families fall apart before them and they are reshaped again in the event that something remains of them and nothing will remain other than the search for identity .. The novelist used many of her cognitive spheres in her critical specialization and an attempt to highlight aesthetic aesthetics between the pages of the novel and this was evident and I was afraid that this characteristic would continue In the novel, but it is praise be to God, it did not sink us with it in displaying its culture ... The novelist took up the place from a purely geographical standpoint that was discussed through changes in Arab society and singled out Syria for its text until the eighties of the last century almost won the majority of the writer&#39;s vision, and how these countries became suffering The Trauma and cancer caraway work Juman sick of this dreaded ... Juman .. tell us all the tales. A disease cultivated by a tall stature that gives us deep tales in the past about the role of geography in the fragmentation of identity, about the colonizer whose lines divide it on the ground, about the authoritarian ruler, and about the opposition parties that require the secretion of several figures in the novel, who share the loss and exit from the homeland where many nearby secondary characters that cut She told her to reach a multi-person who talks about her suffering or is a part of suffering. Creativity that the writer succeeds in grabbing all these personalities and all these places ... Gaston Bachelard sees that the text, when it lacks spatiality, loses its specificity and thus originality, but this novel has endowed the place with great holiness .. the place is the secret of this novel, which will not stop at the borders of the Arab world but will transcend it And this transgression of the European world begins since the tales of these characters whose life is formed and tragedy with the entry of the colonizer, then the diaspora begins and we read his transformations when meeting everyone in Amman Jordan, and between all these stories we do not lose sight of Joman&#39;s story with cancer and its consequences and everyone knows that .. the novel has many characters And individual tales a T is the origin tale of displaced persons and the stories of displacement and camp Zaatari, refugees and migration between the suffering of these figures, the writer has been able to follow this beautiful lists them .. threaded short story documenting several diaspora Menbqh figures from several families. They put their trips on the map of several countries in the world. They search their first identity and remember their roots. It is a novel in the geography of the nation. She found the place is her main hero.
Excellent . Cleanliness. Multiple options for breakfast. Breakfast in Ramadan. Excellent air conditioning. Provision to the campus. Buses to and from the campus. Hourly schools. Free parking for the hotel. Under the guard of the presence of a chapel in the hotel with the front of the campus. Special thanks to the receptionist, Ali Al-Maliki. I did not like the time of admission. The hour is late afternoon. It is assumed that the hour is noon for the maximum period of time. So is the time of going out at noon.
Acceptable if the alternative is not available. The location is good, close to the corniche and markets. Valet service. The rooms of the hotel suggest that they are old and the eating hall served poorly
Gulf family. The standard of the hotel is great, clean and the reception staff is very tasteful. The location of the hotel is bad and away from El Zayed Street
The best version of her reading in prison literature is that up to now ... Dostoevsky has drawn the life of the prison very realistically without exaggerating the disadvantages or advantages ... Can this be a personal experience for him? The important thing is that the novel came out very, very real ... the scenes of skin and torture were difficult ... but the most urgent thing that affected me are the scenes of death in the hospital ... really terrible. It is possible to add a novel in which you can feel Dostoevsky’s ability to penetrate the atmosphere of the wild soul .. What about it is that it detaches the outer shell of the people in prison and begins to analyze the reservoirs of their souls… Wonderful Wonderful Wonderful
A wonderful book, which shows a lot of aspects not only in the topics discussed, but also through it the reader can imagine what it was that the people of that time .. The book&#39;s problem may be in the eloquence of its words and the depth of its ideas, some may find it difficult to understand in some aspects, even if There are books written from another book to explain it .. The book narrates the thirst of cognitive brain .. The book distinguishes that it does not follow one pace but rather discusses many separate topics .. I recommend reading it ...
I did not find a book that expresses the Egyptian reality for its bitter reality as it is like this book .... As if Mahfouz writes a guide on the Egyptian people for what he is ... I realized the greatness and depth of Mahfouz and the extent of its integration into the Egyptian people .....
The magnificence of this narration, we wait for the next, Muwaffaq, always Professor Ahmed
good. The hotel is clean and the location is excellent, far from the crowds of the city. We asked for two rooms connected to each other, but unfortunately they told us that there are no rooms .. although at the time of booking we asked
A fun novel. Its end is somewhat surprising, its realism makes it fictional ... to some extent.
I sanctify the hunger cry over the rough bed. In words of hope, we will transmit and cry for himself. As long as there is hunger, poverty and injustice in the world ... As long as there is a world in the world, it is up, and there is night
The female is the original origin of life because of her ability to give birth to a new life, so she was considered the most amount of male and therefore the highest value and from here prevailed his thought in those epochs that the gods are female and that before the emergence of the patriarchal family the primitive society was illiterate, that is, the mother is the origin and she is the nerve and she is attributed to her Her children .. She went on a lot in this matter and reviewed some of the civilizations .. etc. Then I wrote about distorting the reality of the woman, how she took away from her first position when she was equal to the man in everything she has all her rights and duty in life from work, production, science, art, pleasure, inheritance and assuming the throne of divinity or Ownership, pedigree, honor, and values have given us all the glory In the socio-economic and philosophical terms that turned the relationship between a man and a woman upside down, and after the goddess of fertilization and goodness, how she became the devil&#39;s ally and his only symbol embodied in the land .. That decline began with the beginning of the ownership of the land due to the spread of feudalism and injustice did not recover something from its lost position and the man became the master In philosophy, morals and religion to consolidate his economic and exploitative sovereignty .. I also mentioned how the Jewish religion was created how he considered the dignity of men higher than women and that he founded the rule of dominance of the gender of males with women and that the mind of men is part of the same divine how Christianity was built with similar ideas were women burned and tormented In the name of Religion and the preservation of values ... How did these ideas dominate the pioneers of ancient psychology. Many stories mentioned stories that were reported to him in scientific ways and explained to us like Freud who at the end of the book said that he backed away from many of his theories in which he relied on male and female, including negative and positive, but most of them What I pay attention to is this decline for two reasons. At the time when the medical teacher reads the new medical research, and the second is that the development of science in developing societies is proceeding slowly, while medical research is proceeding quickly ... I criticized some types of violent psychological treatment .. I also wrote about the psychology of the father and the jealousy of the woman .. And the nature of the sexual beluga of women and Meshk The masculinity and femininity, especially this part of the book, I myself answer every mother and father and let them read to even the teachers and everyone under his authority has an educational authority on children .. I talked about the woman&#39;s anger and the disease of depression and answered an important question always in my mind why why women did not become a revolutionary force why did not get angry I spoke about the higher For the woman and she said what is not important about the beginning of the book. His explanation is why women are said to be of less mental ability and what is the nature of the circumstances. All those who accuse women of narcissism have criticized a medical doctor for the stupid ideas prevalent in marriage .. talk about the phenomenon of prostitution and the reasons that created it ... I forget that it was told about fear And suppression and lying..and the book You are about religion, ethics and mental health.
Suitable for middle-income people, close to campus. Location, hygiene, crew.
If there were more than five stars, I would have given it to Radwa Ashour on this creativity. A novel that shocked me with its details and its conclusion cried .. This novel must be studied in the educational curricula for elementary class students to instill in them national values that have become heritage .. Reading this novel is a national duty of the Palestinian person. Oh God, how do we recover from the Barghouti family
Good hotel. The suites are great and great and the cleanliness is very good. The reception is very good and excellent. I liked the buffet breakfast very well. The water in the toilet is very hot at noon. There are no sound insulation between rooms and parking lots
Wonderful, especially if one reads during periods of his life that are punctuated by chaos and lack of focus. Because it really helps to reconsider the self and the way of life .. All chapters are beautiful and convincing, initiative / self-confidence / goal setting / social intelligence / and time management. Thanks to the author.
An anecdotal set between reality and fiction ... in which the funny and sad ... the first thing in which she does not show her her village in less than two hours .. The last reports are very distinctive
The writer takes us to an important period of time in the history of Egypt that we have rarely read about. However, he was able to brilliantly capture us in the smooth and elaborate language traps to travel with Mahfouz to Turkey and then Crimea, and we witness historical events of great importance through an amazing mythical and fictional atmosphere, but there was a great narration of historical events that did not affect the course of events and yet enjoyed With that, and for my lover of history in general, we can say that the writer presented history in an interesting and exciting way, as it became clear to us that his great love for the homeland Egypt and his elaboration in explaining that great love for which all things are underestimated. In general, the novel is beautiful and enjoyable, while awaiting the new adventure of the copper family. And I always wish you good luck, God willing
You must stand with yourself a lot while reading this book
what if? . And no answer. And do not come back
People mess up and disperse them to walk to one destination. Even if you miss the twilight of the night. Each of them thought that the other was his enemy. The fighting and controversy continued until most of them fell without demand. When the morning came and the faces became known, the adults returned to those who remained, the survivors. And if they cooperated before, they would reach our brothers, with the light of truth, guided
The thoughts of the lover of the Soviet Union in the late eighties and his experience in it is divided into two parts. In the first part, I loved the ability to describe unique human moments in an exquisite way, and at a critical time I made people&#39;s feelings and nature become the master of events after the Chernobyl accident. The second part I did not like, like the first, and that I appreciated the longing and longing of the writer for the dream entity that fell apart in the lines of Moscow
Your Excellency. The hotel is more than excellent and everything in it impressed me and I will adopt it in my next visits to Abu Dhabi, God willing. nothing
Always one of my favorite places to stay. The location is near the mosque. price
Wonderful. The rooms are sweet, clean and spacious ... in a difficult place to grill .. Wi-Fi with money except for the lobby .. Give me a room for smokers and I am a student for non-smokers ..
After I read the book, I imagined that if a movie was made of it, then the Passion of Christ movie will surpass it. The story of Zainab Al Ghazali will surpass all films that depict the Holocaust in its most horrific form ... God&#39;s mercy, Zainab Al Ghazali and that of the believing generation.
Great hotel. Cleanliness, helpful staff.
I stand with the dictionary of my words in Arabic and English that I memorized in my twenty-one years, unable to describe its magnificence from the first page to the last line in which I see myself sometimes in the Philippines and in Kuwait at other times ... I am happy, sad, sympathize, excited, tear my eyes to believe Emotion and accuracy of details touches horizons in myself that I have not felt before ... The writer&#39;s intelligence injects us into many details of the life of Jose Isa, so we see it in the eye’s eyes as if it is close to us, we feel its suffering and emulate it as if it is from our reality, so we open ourselves with our many faults and move away from values that were Authentic in us for a long time, so morals are indispensable, neither with money nor descent, for all human beings are m The offspring of Adam, and I wish we were excited .. A novel pleased me with all the grief it carries in the folds of the story of a boy who was torn apart, who does not know why, where and for how long. I am not skilled in spinning, nor in spelling, but I am good at picking books that are not hollow, bearing meaning for me hiding in myself somewhere. Saud Al Sanousi: I delivered your fingertips, this story is worthy of my five stars and more, and I blessed your efforts
I admit that the novel attracted me, so I finished it in less than two days ... It was painful for me to lose Jesus or Jose, his loss in his homeland, his image, his name and his family ... but what he realized was that he found himself after returning to his mother’s country as he did not find in his father’s country ... and this will remain stuck in cerebral:. In my father’s country, every social class is searching for a lower class that will absorb it, and if it is forced to create it, it will rise above its shoulders, despise it and reduce it by means of the pressure caused by the upper class ..
We came back again with a new episode of horror with our freaky, cynical, bizarre friend, Rifaat Ismail. Distinctive episodes of a radio program after midnight A terrible program forbidden by censorship, presented by Al-Samj Sharif Al-Saadani and his permanent guest, Ismail. We live with them with different stories from the program&#39;s listeners. The stories are some good and some are boring due to his quotation from other novels and films. But always, with Ismail rose, everything becomes special
They deserve evaluation and honor from. The free upgrade site is near the Union metro station .. and the creek has a beautiful view and there is a lesson to move around the creek .. and he helped me and gave me the upgrade Rathejan was very friendly and diligent and thank Ahmed for some information and the work of the accounts very easily Extra and attractive to the hotel and very high hygiene and the diversity of eating in the hotel and ask for Royal membership given to you at a discount rate .. I hope to provide reception and farewell to the airport for free Good prices near the site from the Naif market .. It can be accessed by walking everything and negotiable for all goods ... Also the abra can be used to move through the creek, including the old market and there is a lot of quiet whatever can be bought and also there is a very delicious Indian restaurant and Mashari and prices are excellent and cleanliness High It is possible to take the metro to reach Deira City Center by dirhams or for gold, and it is possible to walk on foot to Al Ghurair Mall, which is a little beside the Union Metro Station, and its prices are very excellent, especially brands about the Dubai Mall, and you can request late exit. For two hours after m. Everything is beautiful except for the presence of working voices in the morning in places close to the hotel and also not giving me the opportunity to go out to M.
Really great book. I think that it is a group of lectures that have been compiled in a book, just as the book is in fact not a scientific research, but a set of intellectual thoughts for the writer, and therefore the scientific criticism of the book reduces a lot of its right .. The book presents the problem of the world of relationships in societies and their impact on the collective mind in society and the extent of influence That is on any renaissance that the people of this community desire and how the problem of the social relations network affects the three worlds of ideas, people and projects, and how these worlds affect the network of relations necessarily the book is a real treasure in order for anyone who seeks to achieve any movement in his society .. but it is necessary to evaluate the subject Writer and taking into account the ideology that drives the writer in some chapters of the book
I was president of Egypt is a biographical book that the first book of this type can be read. But what I know is that I have thought a million times and I am a cow. What would make me believe the words of this man? I found that a man like Za had witnessed a certain death in the battlefield because he was trying to save a soldier from his soldiers, who certainly deserves respect and his age is hard enough for people to tell him a hero. Also, when he presented his struggle with the Revolutionary Board of Directors and talked about his position, he did not see himself as a champion on the contrary, and I mean one, like him, who judged him from his weak position during his days, but it is not refreshing that he was a respectable man and I respected him seriously. And if he wanted to, but distort the image of Nasser, I would not have written more than that, as he is a strong and leading figure. In short, this book tells about the period of history. For us, it is missing and sure, if we read it, we will benefit from a need:
Jaffa, the story of absence and rain. From the title, it becomes clear to us the language of Nibal poetry ..... a language that lives up to your soul and takes you where you want .... This novel is breathed by light breezes in an atmosphere charged with weight. The absence and the rain ..... The absence that most love stories underline ... The rain and its longing for it is fraught with bitter imprisonment. Absence and nostalgia are the harshest things that may torment the human soul ... and the most painful to the soul ... The story of Jaffa, the fortieth lady who approached fifty with the young woman ... The story of two drowners, each of whom was found in the other a lifeboat ... Jaffa who lost from She loves his martyrdom .. Jaffa, who remained true to his memory but was captive to her memory ..... and to hang her. Jaffa, who wasted her life in the pain of memories, the pain of waiting, the pain of despair and sadness that dominated her ... Jaffa, who suffered from her heart and the inability to forget ... What she wanted for this young girl bereaved with loss also to move towards her and be defeated in the face of loss .. ..... And that is defeated in front of life ... And in front of its days that pass in vain ..... Life does not depend on anyone This is what we have to absorb ... We must realize that we are alone and if we have someone who loves us or not ... Nothing motivates you to progress and achieve, except that you were created in this universe to be alone and that there are many people around you. You have to cry, laugh and suffer on your own ... you have to die alone .... and take your soul away from you alone, and return it to you alone alone ....... Jaffa and the young woman are a story of women who were not defeated by love, their absence did not kill them, but their limits are considered creativity Achievement. This idea, which I would like to thank the author for ..... The novel is elegant and beautiful and its value is valuable ...... Nibal is a great novel project and time will prove that. Always waiting for your masterpieces ......
Al Barsha. The location is very cool and the halls are sweet. And something
Apartment on the ground floor is not considered overlooking the tower. The apartment is spacious. Clean and beautifully decorated. The hotel manager tried to give me a non-tower apartment, on the pretext that it was considered to be a system view. The deal was never professional. In the end, I was satisfied with the apartment and got a discount to consider it unobstructed. Thank Bukking for their behavior by charging him a discount.
A wonderful projection of the Mubarak regime, which insisted until the end of the rule of Egypt by fraud, so he realized what he wanted, but lost his people and his country forever, represented in the character of Mary, who was subjected to injustice and persecution throughout the novel until she lost her senses and tried to kill the extremist who she thought she loved in the beginning. The end was left open to indicate that Egypt has so far suffered from my legs with millions of drinkers for this pseudo-ecstasy.
Excellent and recommend it. On a large level of cleanliness and good reception, the rooms are large and the furniture is beautiful .. The kitchen contains only two cups and a jug. There are no other things in it although it is very large and upscale.
Gorgeous . . Location of a nearby hotel, Mall of the Emirates and the metro Dubai
good. . The lifts are very late and the road to enter the hotel parking is busy
I do not find words describing my months about this novel full of lofty meanings ... I will not lie. At the beginning of the novel, I felt a bit of boredom, but I disappeared in the last chapters ... I advise every person and do not exaggerate this by reading it, even if the other two chapters because they are very advice and Reflection on the reality of the difference between East and West ... The novel&#39;s summary from my point of view .. False meanings must be eliminated and a search for the source of the facts ..
A beautiful novel to the point of fatigue, as I read it continuously without stopping, not in search of what cures the glory of the wonderful suspense but rather the sweetness of its language and its beautiful subject. A novel worthy of all appreciation. I have no wrongs in her except her boldness, especially intimate encounters, if that was wrong. But I admit that I was sad after I completed it, because I wish it had lasted. I will search for the books of this beautiful novelist, he has a deep and interesting style, and in what he writes, depth is very, very important
good. The site has speed of entry and reservation has been upgraded. The air-conditioner does not work in the anchored room. Wi-Fi is not free
This book is an aperitif, very suitable for cases of apathy in the reader
Insta life. I am not one of the kind that turns off its mobile phone for any need and does not allow it to disconnect charging, but this novel made me lock everything. Muhammad Sadiq. As for Hebita books, I like it as a story. In general, it is not literary and that But in the Insta life, I create literary and anecdotal stories. This topic is not the subject of someone writing a little sweet words, and they remain a novel. In the other, the novel is so hard that I played on Omar’s need. No one knows what it really is to play the world and ask, why do we live? The end of Zalkhira hard, as usual, the novels of Muhammad Sadiq. But his drawing and detailing of the characters is not normal, whether it was Hussein, Assem, Lama or Hassan, and it is my favorite in Nisbali Kharafi, because you meet a need from you in each of the characters of the novel and meet common needs among you, this is not a great deal. The important thing is that the novel must be read twice twice
Relaxation and spa. I liked that all meals are free, something nice, frankly, as well as a children&#39;s play area, opening the evening for the Turkish bath for women and men. The hotel is close to Al Hamra Mall five minutes by car. The hotel offers beautiful marine activities. The hotel is in restaurants for reservation only, the public restaurant is open in stages, restaurants that require reservation must be booked in Badri before evening, because what God for foreigners does not miss, and reservation only for dinner and lunch. The hotel, most of its guests, are foreign in indecent dressing in the lobby, which is very popular.
I have been to her village for years or almost .. I was still in secondary school, in adolescence, and in Bata&#39;a:. Just let him think about it in detail. One of the things I know is that everything I will make her smile:
The novel is rigid and overburdened with events, but very much detail, I read books specifically to occupy my imagination in events when you describe every inch of events. I will not enjoy in addition to cutting paper on the empty. End :
I used to think that the novel deserves one star after I started reading it because of the sentence on the cover that says that it won several literary awards .. I felt that it lacked a precise knowledge of London&#39;s geography or the ethics of the British inside their homes .. Also, the name of the heroine Lyudmila does not suggest a large English As far as it reminds me of bad-performing dancer advertisements from Eastern Europe at the St. George Hotel Deira .. However, some human situations in the novel actually managed to extract tears from me so it was the second star .. And when I searched before writing my opinion about the writer and discovered that it is a talent of seventeen years ..And I was the one who thought it was A doctor of an Arabic language or a forty-year-old writer is immersed .. Seventeen years completely flies the criteria of evaluation .. We are facing a real Arab talent that I think will be of great importance when its pains and experiences mature. This of course if it is destined to survive the hell of war that does not differentiate between a writer .. and a doctor ..
Wonderful. The reception kit is very polite and respectful. Means of transportation from the hotel to the campus
Today&#39;s review. The Fate Book. Beautiful cover and expressive of the content of the novel and the words of the hands of the hands of the mystery of the novel. A book that moves between eras and obsessive people. Language was very sweet, as usual and simple, but it was weak or wrong with the dialogue, so it was clear and sometimes it was suddenly left. Like the words of the hero when he was applying for the job, and he said that he is referring to it. Absolutely not. There is no word in the Arabic language that expresses the position of the word. The most thing I like about is the transmission of events and cut her and his return to another time, making me a mysterious and interesting narration. The first time I see bored in the style of the writer from the first novel of her text was in a little boredom in which there was no enthusiasm for her completion in two dimensions, she returned to the brilliance of Bakshin. Of course, all unexpected events, as usual. I liked arguments in that it benefited from moral, historical, religious and dealing style. I mean, everything you are confident in yourself and believe in our Lord will achieve your dream, there is no impossible thing. I wanted a mysterious thing, I didn&#39;t understand who killed the officer ?? ..... From the arguments, you do not like showing Egypt as the most reactionary country and sometimes mocking it. Regardless, we all know that all Arab countries are like this, and Egypt is the least country in which faults are, but Egypt does not know a point, thank God is an emoji. I am against mentioning the defect of the country, because if its faults are flawed, its people are bad and everywhere, and if I were to leave it, I would ruin my emoji. Until now, the most cherished novel, Alia of the earthquake, and its most powerful, most beautiful, target, and every need is an emoji. My review of the novel. /
Adel Mustafa begins the book with the motivation that prompted him to write this book, which are the main mistakes in the logic of dialogue and controversy in the media and satellite channels. Those mistakes make discussions useless from the original sterile aborted from the start. Since the non-formal logic is considered newly as a research, the book is foundational in the form of the fallacies of each one in a paragraph, from which the book consists of which is accompanied by a dialogue at the end about the book. Adel says in the motivation for the establishment of this topic is the desire to find ways to analyze and evaluate normal reasoning, ways that can guide people&#39;s thinking and advance discussions and daily debates. The argument when it comes in the living reality does not come as a filter and does not reveal its logical form to the recipient easily and voluntarily if it was examined easier by it than not Limits. Rather, the argument always comes mixed with the flesh of the language and its blood, wrapped up in the passions of the people and their customs, entrenched with the terrain of reality and the affairs of the people and its barriers. Logical fallacies come from what is clear and among which is what always needs to be suppressed about the argument presented. I will take two fallacies that I find a lot in the books, especially if the book stems from a clear ideology. The first fallacy is the confiscation of what is required. We often see reaching results without agreement and proof of the introductions, and sometimes it comes without the knowledge of the author as well. When a person is imbued from the beginning with a situation, it is easy to see for him every equivalent or persistence of this position as if it were proof of it. There is a difference between holding an opinion and being able to justify this opinion. Those who love wisdom should learn from a philosophy lesson that there is a difference between the situation itself and the arguments on which the position is based. Those who have not learned this distinction will always be vulnerable to the deceit of the confiscation of the requisition. Here it becomes clear whether the book wants to present you with an ideology or wants to give you knowledge. The second fallacy is to attack a straw man, which is the fallacy that either scales or distorts the other&#39;s theory, takes its weak sides, and then attacks it. This fallacy is often found in books, so attacking another theory or conveying its criticism in its weakest aspect. The result is that when we finish the book, we find ourselves less convinced of criticism and more convinced of the criticism theory because all it does is to strengthen its weaknesses and leave the basis on which the theory depends. There are two notes that fall outside the content of the book: The first note, which is the edition of Dar Al-Rouah, is a very poor edition. The type of paper and ink used is the one I found, which found tired eye prints on a number of pages. The second note is the value of Adel Mustafa&#39;s pen in the Arab Library, whether as a translator or as an author. His books always fill a void in the Arab Library in terms of being foundational or its high value. I will conclude my response with what the author concluded his book: Educating critical thinking has become a necessity for all of us to survive. Because the ignorance that has nested in our home for decades and past and spawned and good for him the place will not leave us easily and will not leave us voluntarily. Narrow, primitive thinking is shaking our boat violently, threatening our unity and about to kill everyone. Real security in such disturbances arising from reckless mental illnesses is primarily mental security, philosophical security, logical security
First of all, how can a writer, a female writer, come up with her own thinking with this sophisticated male thinking, frankly, I am very impressed by. Analysis and reactions of the male heroes of the novel so seriously, send me, Professor Zainab. The novel has a verdict stipulated in the lines behind some of the many questions that revolve in the minds of each of us during his life, but is formulated in the reverse image of the reader as if it is that he stands far away and watches himself wondering and thinking about the axis of life and the events were not only limited to issues of love but were All the interests and life shares of the individual are gathered in his own astronomy, which is his community, or in his common astrology with others, which is the escape and the people surrounding him with the various names of connection and connection. At first, you feel that the events that took place in Al-Ghada have no significance or place for them, but with every readings you discover, you discover that the first event is a key pillar in shaping the novel, but in its distant future freedom of description and events and mastery of the gaps and exceeding the societal boundaries in which the novel revolves and the writer&#39;s boldness relative to its time Saudi Arabia, how realistic and not to give up on the narrative picture that we all know, but it remains a secret is true statements focused on the fact. Topics Realistic, frank and concise, a truly fascinating novel with a great deal of information and life-related judgment. The message, Talal ,, the end of the conquest, which does not support your imagination, differs from that of the writer Zainab. She wanted to reach you, but his article was amazing
Wonderful. Cleanliness .. Good handling .. Speed in providing services. We asked for two adjacent rooms and upon arrival we found another ..
Worth reading. A struggle with oneself and change imposed on you. For true love
A book that includes the authentic hadiths classified in chapters such as the chapter on patience begins with verses from the Holy Qur’an that fall into the subject of patience and then the authentic hadiths that fall within the subject of patience are presented and so on and so the process of searching for a particular hadith is somewhat easy and there are different sections such as chapter Piety, the door of repentance, the door to righteousness ....
Worth repeating. Spacious room, clean and beautiful beach, and excellent services. The hotel is generally excellent, clean and comfortable. The Lebanese or Syrian receptionist wears glasses, transport trucks for the market are few and need a very long time to wait
Beautiful and I will return to it again. Reception staff / Nirav and Tracy. There is no
Suitable for spirituality. . The automated system of booking was stinking stinky scent at the hotel entrance
Exceptional. The location is great, the room is on the sea, its location is great, its design is beautiful, and its colors are bright, modern and comfortable for the soul.
A book to be read.
A needy book reads again, studies and understands true in respect of the terrible effort that the author treated. A book that mourns us from the distortion we got. A book that hates humankind and alerts neglect
Super cool hotel. everything.
An upscale romantic hotel with shoveling staff. Staff handled, taken care of and taken care of your requests.
What is harder to lose the most beautiful years of your life under the cover of injustice. Injustice oppress the bitterness of heartbreak pain. The darkness of the prison loses them the best of what they possess. It loses them even their sense of humanity. A story that summarizes thousands of stories. How much of an oppressed tortured now lies in the darkness of a despicable despicable prison under the name of a criminal or only because he is against a state system. Oh God, the worst injustice
Good job . nothing
Value for money. The location is good and sea view. The smell of carpets and rooms is a slow net
Exceptional. nothing. Everything was perfect
My hope is that the story touches the heart of every reader and leaves a trace in itself like that I left in myself .. After I concluded the novel, I read this sentence very much. Affected by a novel before, like this You can imagine being read in the metro and not feeling myself, and I am tearful with every event in the novel. I rejoiced and were affected by the Islam of every character in the novel, as if they were old and lived with me ... The subject of religion being inherited by me from a very long time, and I met all who thought about it in the novel. The one, unfortunately, far and ignorant, largely overweight. Rima. The title and cover is another world. The best novel of her village in my life without exaggeration ... Thank you Dr. Khawla Hamdi. From success to another, and I will attack the weirdness of jasmine in the exhibition, God willing.
If I had something, this great Hollywood movie, starring Russell Crowe, would be transformed into Constantine and Anne. Hathaway as Meltza A. :
A true book summit in extravaganza. Practical and useful. Many things in it entered my heart too. After reading it, who misses Fajr prayer. His life is not what will happen to her again. Thank you Dr. Ragheb Al-Serjani. Always amaze me with your writing::. it&#39;s recommended
Good experience. Respected staff treat their cooperation and respond quickly. Despite the availability of transportation buses, it is tiring because of the distance between the location of the buses and the vital places around the Grand Mosque .. Breakfast was not good
This is the style of Tamer Ibrahim. :. Sweet strong .. And better than the second part, frankly. But I will remain the person who read the first part
good. Convenient place, clean room, nice reception. Breakfast is not that professional
Great hotel. Staff. The place is awesome. Tranquility. Waiting for luggage when leaving for more than an hour
The reward for them is to serve the guests of God’s homes. Respect from the hotel staff and the spaciousness of the chest. There is never wifi so weak that it does not exist
Thanks for booking. Quickly get a place via booking. The public street is disturbed and there is sound insulation
Nice, I recommend it. Hygiene, crew, location, price are all ok. There are no car parks
The best in everything. The rooms and the hotel are excellent.
good. . We hope that there is diversity with a change in the breakfast. The boiled eggs were not good.
I don&#39;t like politics, but the book has historical events that have never been dated, a book that teaches you, I love its style. Almost there are things that I stood up to, which I couldn&#39;t eat but ...
A very strong restaurant, and its money is a competitor. Its advantage is that if you get out of it, you will not feel its gluttony because it uses olive oil for cooking to reduce the percentage of fats.
My second visit to Rayhan Hotel. Everything is at the highest level in terms of comfort, cleanliness, quietness and location ... the most beautiful of it is that it is free of alcohol and is suitable for families ... in the room is a locked door to a neighboring room .. through which it has become some inconvenience
well . . The level of hygiene is somewhat poor, and the bathroom smells bad
One of the most amazing stories of her village is very impressive. A light book and a few pages but unfortunately reflects the painful reality
Very comfortable and tidy hotel. Classy and comfortable hotel.
If there is peace in the earth, reassurance and security. If there is no poverty, no fear, no cowardice. If a person has everything&#39;s destiny. I was answering for the dead one thousand son. My wonder
good. Cleanliness. Parking crowded due to the dispensary
Exceptional. I liked the excellent reception as usual. I would like you to activate the internet service for guests free of charge like other hotels
Excellent. The location is adjacent to the Dubai Mall Mall, it is excellent, the room is modern and beautifully decorated and equipped with everything. nothing
Munther Al-Qabbani, a beautiful novel full of mystery, the reader was enthralled to the last page hoping for what he expected .. I like the Qabbani and the language in which he writes, in which there is great beauty and smoothness. The least for me, but very fun. It seems that there is a second part of his narratives that preceded the end of this novel, which was mysterious ... the forces of truth and error, the wars between them, and a confident historical view added to this novel.
I read it about a year and a half ago ... a well-known book ... It is a reference to the stories of the prophets, peace be upon them ... In many places Ibn Katheer is martyred in some of the Israelites, and he has explained his method in this and that he does not assert its validity and transmit it only so long as it does not contradict the Qur&#39;an or Year
Enjoyable trip . The swimming pool as well as the hotel&#39;s location on a beautiful beach, fast and free internet access, available parking and helpful staff. The value of drinks in the hotel and food is three times more expensive than in other restaurants in the same area and also at a better level than the restaurant in the hotel
The sleepy nation does not wake up except under the impact of strikes .. a giant brilliant ... is the owner of a unique principle and a special approach in his outlook for Islamic problems and impediments to the revival ... I wish we had a little enthusiasm for this man and a little to take to solve our problems from his perspective .. Yes, the reality is difficult, but I learned from him that realism is cowardice and complacency, standing in front of every success:
A light book that carries a beautiful biography of people who have had an impact in their surroundings and the world ... The beautiful is the information contained in it and the mission it sends to its readers ... Created Friday in its product even though it is a compiled book and it is not the result of an idea or a summary of experience ... I, when my concern is weak I am lazy about my studies turning its pages and to draw the concern of those who are in it ... Whoever wants to know a smooth course about greats let him read it ..
Riyadh. The hotel is quiet and beautiful. There is no
May God rest his soul, Lieutenant General Saad Eddin Al-Shazly .... But what about the false history that lies under its umbrella, millions of Egyptians so far ??
Modern Arabic poetry died with the death of Nizar Ibn Tawfiq Qabbani in general. May God have mercy on Arabic poetry, and bless Nizar with his mercy. My favorite poems in this book:. The admiration of the two sisters at the wall is the secret of the clothes of the manicure of the blemished mouth. I love you waist.
Wonderful. . The mother was with me while she was seated and moving in the wheelchair. I was surprised that there was no entrance to the hotel, neither the main nor the rear, even at the bottom, when parking there is a road for carts or even baby carriages. The whole drawer. Something weird
Exceptional. The room and the high reception by the crew. Wi-Fi doubled
Thank God I finished reading a book: The Self-Control Force of Dr. Ibrahim al-Fiqi, may God have mercy on him, and rewarded him for his knowledge of all good .. A wonderful book and interesting chapters. I learned from the folds of this self-journey: Even if I mistakenly, I will learn .. Even if my life is scattered and not arranged, I will change and organize it .. Even if I don’t like many things about me, Lord of the Worlds, he made change between my hands and saved me in front of me. . Even if in frustration, I will break it ... even if not because I do not realize what I want, I will learn ... I read with research by trying .. So I have come to reality that I am not living in this world messing around I am living as if I would be great and age the earth .. If the souls are great I am tired of what it means. O God, you are the helper and the helper. I mean to the greatest of myself and the longest of what I wanted for me a share of this land and the souls therein .. I will always remember that my Lord created me on something that magnifies me: Wafaa Naji Muhammad Wednesday.
Good hotel to save time and money. Excellent location on the main street. Clean and adaptation is sweet and cool and fast internet. The bathroom of the room, may God dear to you, when you lead the bath from water, it will emerge from the other side of the bathroom, and the bath will be filled with water
Why did I go back to the second book by chance on the same date I first visited it?
I read it, and I still complete the reading of its work, because it is very wonderful, cheered by a poet, as this is very beautiful.
For luxury, the name of the Movenpick Buraidah. Its strategic location is close to all services, hospitals, malls, Saudi Airlines, government departments. There are not enough parking spaces.
I recommend it, do not hesitate ... the service . Comforts . The calm. Near the sanctuary. Parking . Very favorable price .. nothing. I would recommend this hotel between you and the campus, but one hotel means walking distance
Thanks, Elaf Bakkah. Transportation services from the hotel to the Grand Mosque are excellent. nothing
Somewhat good. Location and smile of employees and the Internet. Delayed entry, an hour waiting for a shower. The heat is weak, cold and warm
In short, beauty
good. Variety ok.
One of the most beautiful books is really, but it relies on the Master of Creation Muhammad also the language is beautiful and the terms are really expressive:
The book is sweet, as usual, but to keep it long. Let us give you a kiss that satisfies you will flow from the depths of the soul, a kiss that you will accept, after acceptance comes satisfaction .. good intentions are not necessarily fruitful unless you find the environment that you interact with and provide them with conditions of life, but that excessive goodwill often leads to early abortion. The sentence is completely correct, but painful enough
The first thing I read for the novelist Alaa El Deeb, and I do not think it is the last:. The novel is more than fascinating, despite its idea being addressed in more than one literary work, which is a journey of ruminating memories. The beauty of this novel is the beauty of Alaa El Deeb&#39;s style, which was characterized by focus and depth in choosing words, meanings and even names or so I think. The temporal movement between the past and the present, and the rapid and honest difference in emotions that follow, such as if your heart squeezes pain in a passage and sends yourself joy in what follows, without separating from the novel for a moment .. As if the novel is a prestige that captures the heart and mind, and you only have to pursue it Up and down until you reach the inevitable end. Does Tariq want to hear his talk about the lemon tree, its white flower falling on the ground? Can he talk to him in the increasing street noise about the secret relationship between him and the white flower? This will count for lame romance. He believes that he talks about the elections, about the events in Upper Egypt, and about the students ’movement in Assiut .. This is his right, and this is his fate .. As for Abd al-Khaliq al-Masiri, he was responding to him and his mind steeped with lemon blossom. Her fragrance, which he did not smell today, the fragrance of the past, the earth, and the homeland, the scent of Reza, Umm Reza, the wet nest, and the green earth, will he never be able to pay these fantasies? The journey begins and ends at the lemon tree. It was the sign and the flag, their house was the house next to the lemon tree, it was the address. His father told him: After the white workers are done, we will start planting the garden. Should you work with me in repairing the land and planting? He was drowning in a noble dream, the sun waved his face, happiness fell on his forehead .. He asked him: Will you plant a lemon tree for us? He flirted with his head, saying: All the trees are enough for us, lemon or reda.
Excellent . Comfort, hygiene and quiet. The internet is weak, and the breakfast is not varied
Exceptional. Very nice staff, excellent price, close to Burj Khalifa, very nice services. There are no things close to him, such as an ATM or a supermarket
Zarif&#39;s book showcases the state of Egyptian society through the stories of taxi owners.
Give me silence, and most of the night was emboldened by it. Humanity is a river of light running from eternity to eternity. One may only reach dawn by night. How do I lose my faith in the justice of life and the dreams of those who fall asleep at bed is not more beautiful than the dreams of those who spread dust. I am ignorant of the absolute right, but I feel vulnerable in front of my ignorance, and this is a matter of pride and penalty. The truth is not that someone else shows you what he is about, but what he cannot show you. If you want it, let him listen to what he says, but rather what he does not say. I was born in isolation when people praised my blatant faults and decreased my silent virtues. The truth is known in every case and it is not pronounced except for the poor regardless of the conditions. Everything that is broken in us is silent. To reveal the truth, two men must speak out and one understands it. The song that lies silent in the mother’s heart is singing the lips of her newborn. Mercy is half fair. A person may commit suicide while defending himself. What I often attribute to myself crimes I have never committed, in order not to embarrass others in my house. What do I say about this who chases others and pretends that others chase. Here is a strange oddity of the soul. I like to be deluded and misled so that I laugh at those who believe that I do not know that I am deluded. Deception may work sometimes, but it is always a killer. You are truly optimized when you are purified and when you are purified, turn your face to someone who accepts your bid so that you do not see his shame naked .... We do not want you to be rewarded or thankful .... It is not good to give me what I need most, but to give me what you need most. A cute wolf told a naive ewe, would you honor our visit? She answered the sheep, it would have been an honor to visit your home if it had not taken place. Friendship is always a freak and never an opportunity to seize. If you want to own something, do not ask for it. What defends me most leads me to feel hatred, and if I were stronger, I would not have started such a weapon. What is stupid of my house with his eyes closed with a smile on his lips. He does not envy me or hate me except those without me. I am not insignificant when life gives me gold and I give you silver, then I prepare myself generously. Ignorant of those who give you what is in his pocket, my hope will be taken from what is in your heart. It is surprising that we are more enthusiastic when we defend our misfortunes than when we defend ourselves. I do not like to listen to Ghazi preaching from their oppression. Nature&#39;s struggle is nothing but chaos, a nostalgia for order. The truly great is one who does not want to prevail and does not like anyone to reign. Fanatic preacher deaf. Exaggeration is really lost her temper and balance. The closest people to my heart are a king who has no property and a poor man who does not know how to beg. The most talkative people are the least intelligent, and there is no big difference between Khatib and Dalal. Be thankful that you do not live in the midst of a fading father or a fortune that is dispersed. I like these excerpts
I wish more attention to the hotel for its elegance and location. I like the location of the hotel, it is in the center of the country and all services and markets are available near it, as well as its charming view of the forty lake. I lived in the fifth floor and the room was not clean or refurbished, knowing that the first floor is renewed and the rest of the roles will be renewed later.
Clean and beautiful apartments with beautiful views of Sheikh Zayed Road and partly by the sea. The apartment has two rooms and a clean hall with quiet clean toilets near the commercial center, exhibition center and metro station, the trade center, about m. Air conditioning control is not easy so I turned off the Internet for a dirham per day
I read it two months ago and its benefits are still valid in my life until now. The first book that works with me
I was watching this novel and lived through the full details of it and being influenced by it .... I sympathize very much with the innocent Maya and I stand in her side and find myself defending her sometimes whenever Tawfiq her uncle teases her ..... The return of Maya and Persia to each other in the end I am very happy because the issue of truth is always remaining and victorious ........ Although the novel ended in the right place, I was taken with it and did not feel it during my continuous and continuous reading of it during three continuous hours ... The funny thing was that I was reading a phrase completed at the end of the novel, but I repeated pressing an indicator Next over until you don&#39;t end. Professor Dina Emad ... Thank you from the heart
The residence in Vision is very comfortable and all services are close to it, for its excellent location. Tranquility, Wi-Fi services and hygiene. Small rooms are far from big rooms
The book of revolution questions for the thinker Dr. Salman Al-Awda .. a book that is more similar to the systematic study of the state of revolutions in general, and the status of Arab revolutions today .. The book falls into five chapters, examines pre-revolutionary questions and periods leading up to revolutions and the pressures and challenges involved, as well as studies The revolution itself, its motives, spirit, form and supreme goals and the fact of the revolution that it is a peaceful form and not a bloody form to change the course of things, also examines the post-revolution phase in the event of its success and what is required by this sensitive stage, which comes after a revolution in which the overwhelming demands for peace, justice, equal opportunities and the achievement of democracy Quraqiyyah and others, to the point where the stage needs more realistic solutions and the application of slogans in what can be reality and the stage .. I liked in the book that it links the spirit of the revolution with the spirit of civilization, for the revolution aims to change a bad situation and advance the wheel of civilization forward, and there is what is known as reform and has the same goal The revolutionary, but it is in the less corrupt societies, so that the situation can be changed without changing the people, but the revolution is the stage of changing the conditions required to change people .. He prepared this dr Se and this book in a calm atmosphere and with illumined ideas away from congestions and the effects of reality .. A book that shows a lot and a lot as well in the reality of the relationship between the ruler and the ruled, which was distorted today by giving holiness to the ruler and how was the case of the ruled ruler in the era of the Prophet and the adult ages.
One of the most wonderful things I have already read
An interesting book that makes you see the world from another perspective ... The writer quotes his statements on some of the facts that occurred or manuscripts that are kept in national museums, but the doubt remains that he is a strict Catholic, and Catholics are known for their enmity with the Jews. But I recommend reading it, and the reader will not feel bored with him
luxury . Luxury and luxuryExcellent locationThere is a kids club near Al Hamra Mall. It does not have Wi-Fi
Beautiful stay in a beautiful place. The place is very beautiful, and the top is comfortable. nothing
Wonderful. A beautiful and comfortable hotel and there is no inconvenience at all .. It is available in all services .. Suitable for small families .. The treatment of the staff is very classy and respectful especially Mr. Muhammad and the teacher. Alessi. And Mr. Ibrahim .. and all the staff were wonderful and friendly with us. :. I did not like something that has nothing to do with the hotel ... which is the lack of some vital services beside the hotel, restaurants, a large supermarket ... etc
Excellent for a business trip. Quiet, comfortable. Its distance from the markets and events for whoever is interested to be close to it
The first novel I read was hard, but it was very fun, terrifying, a little, but I enjoyed it very much from the first page. I felt that I wanted to complete it as soon as possible.
The hotel is very convenient. . I liked the bus service located opposite the hotel. Flexibility in dealing .. I did not like the size of the rooms and the level of toilets was not the required form. The laundry service did not meet our needs. Bed sheets need to be renewed.
Eid vacation . Among the most beautiful hotels are spacious rooms, excellent services, high-level cleanliness, more than wonderful service, and wonderful family sessions. I wish you success.
A very beautiful book, one of the best books in her village
The place is very clean. Abundant toiletries available. Some rooms ventilate
The course is over and everything is gone, Fatima, my sad sorrow. Uh, Yama, why?
Excellent and great hotel. . Poor air conditioning at the hotel
Sweet, strong, but you will surely stay better if one were to live in the places where you happen to be
Thank you Chelsea Tower. everything.
Gorgeous . Firstly, the site is close to the women’s door, the second cleanliness. Third, the breakfast is varied. There is no
Wonderful Turkish character. Everything is wonderful.
Zikula. The idea is innovative in a truly distinctive way. Fantasy of a very special kind. Very interesting and interesting
Huihu Villas: Best Resort on Bantayan Island The Best Resort on Bantayan Island is a five-star property on the island equipped with satellite TV and international and local phone, refrigerator, outdoor bathtub hot / cold shower, wireless internet connection, swimming pool ... etc . The resort has only villas that take a maximum in the villa. The peso per night, good for two, includes breakfast fruit, American choices of bacon, eggs and bread or Filipino dangette, corned beef and rice, coffee and tea and a cup of juice. website: :// . /.
Excellent as a location and close to the campus. Receiving young people is excellent. Smiling on arrival and departure. Reception by the youth in the reception, the hotel&#39;s location, its proximity to the sanctuary, and the entrance to the harem. Room size. The quality of the food is not acceptable in the hotel. The big problem in the hotel. The parking is very, very small, especially for large cars
Excellent. Easy access to the site and quality next to City Center. Not to give time in the afternoon the same way for all Dubai hotels that give the guest until four o&#39;clock according to the circumstances of travel, and does not address the traveler from a mandatory delay in reservations
One of the most beautiful books of Dr. Ibrahim Al-Fiqi, may God have mercy on him.
I don’t know what I want and what my tired eyes look for
Developing décor and renovating furniture while educating cleaning services. . Needs support for staff, especially reception
Excellent. . No carpets on the floor
It differs from the famous Holiday Inn series. / Close to the campus / Free parking / Easy control of lighting across the screen. Daytime lighting / quiet. Positions are indescribably cramped. / The breakfast buffet is modest. The internet is very weak, like it. There is no spoon in the minibar.
Exceptional. My second stay in the hotel .. amazing by all standards .. and it is better that they have smoking rooms for smokers. nothing
Exceptional. The location, restaurant and lifts are quick. Toilets need maintenance
I swear by God, especially the tortilla
Exceptional. The location of the hotel. There is no
Forgive us, Hanna. I caught myself smiling .. and frowned .. and saddened many times ... the style is difficult but it is understandable at the same time .. a great experience. The way the author drew the Druze community cannot be described without less than genius ... literally she lives with them in their successive cells.
This novel is like a wonderful piece of art in which all colors blend with emotions, as it simply moves from the hardest areas of the heart to the blackest and lightest. A novel that takes you between a group of worlds and places that we do not know much about and which the writer excelled in describing with great accuracy and with a delicate and distinctive feeling. A distinctive written style devoid of sophistication, except in some places where it is necessary to use strong, resonant words, either to describe the image accurately or to convey the feeling of the same strength and distinction, the writer excelled in highlighting manipulation skills. With events and times, which gave the novel a kind of mystery and intended suspense. The choice of the name was more than wonderful, and it is one of the most that makes you attractive to the novel in the first place, as well as the cover. I very much hope to read more of the work of author Mona Salama, for the magnificence of what I read. Note: God suffices me, and yes, the agent in the post was the reason
If there were more than 5 stars in the evaluation, you would put it. Robert Green is the largest, most famous, and deepest author I know of and have read about his strategy and policy. What Machiavelli wrote when placed in the balance of comparison with the books of this genius devil, Machiavelli&#39;s writings are nothing more than stupid and hollow words. If there were books that should be taught to decision makers and remembered day and night, they would be books. This genius
The amount of a description of real feelings is very unnatural, by describing every need as it is exactly, the same questions that we ask ourselves and the same words that we say Joanna ... The beginning of you are promising of optimism, of course. Do not write me
unforgettable experience . Everything was according to the required service, cleanliness and the location is excellent to the highest degree. I entered the hotel at the exact time the hour was and I arrived at the hotel at the hour: I waited a long time until the room was received.
Saudi . Very beautiful and comfortable.
You cannot end a chapter of the novel unless you find yourself drowning in pages of quick sentences that soon reach the end of the page until you forget it from proverbs and speeches of Churchill declaring that Britain should win or die. No new thing was known about Shaheen. On the authority of his son with Majd Al-Din. He announced the ruling in the case of the fake helmet, and the sale of alcohol was restricted in Alexandria, and German planes threw new raids on Alexandria with petrol bombs and announced that he would be presenting the last film of the month, Charlie Chaplin, the great dictator .... and many details that I find Repeat it this way at this rate, boring and not Vid novel ..lo reader was the distribution of the various personalities linked to more novel and social life was better With so much. But the writer was good at describing social life well. I enjoyed these pages from the novel and took me to the atmosphere of Alexandria in World War Two rightly and reminded me of TV or cinematic works related to this period in Alexandria.
good. Plenty of dining options at the hotel. The rooms need an old renovation, the bed pillows are uncomfortable and there is no bidet in the bathroom
What is most wrong with some self-development books, relationships, or human development books in general, they talk about a magic solution that solves all problems in communication, but this book I liked about it speaks realistically and simply and I recommend it to any beginner in reading relations development books even though it is considered for readers with experience In these books a superficial and very simple book
There are always two. Similar to Facebook. The two differ behind
Excellent . everything. Hustle over coffee at reception
very good. Very beautiful but not suitable for families. The sound of discos disturbs what you can sleep, but its price is as good as it is good
As usual, the creator of Youssef Idris ... the first play I read to him and be direct in his presentation .. he wrote about the period of the fifties after a revolution or a coup in a more accurate sense that shows that the older generation is still despite the years he himself has not changed ... for the most part he is satisfied with humiliation and fears for Himself and those around him do not try to search for his freedom and believes that as long as he is in a state that there is no danger to him ... Strange that the youth of the fifties of the generation had, like the youth of our generation, the desire for freedom and live in dignity and I do not know what led him to become in Our time is like the generation that was criticizing it ??? What transformed the youth seeking freedom to this generation to the generation who was content with humiliation during the era of Nasser, Sadat and Mubarak ??? Is what happens to our generation what happened to them ???
The book contains a brain that is not just a reader, and this is what I liked so much. In my view, he is the best satirist and the best book as well. Hard work writers. And his sweetness, too, he concluded with the rapid:. And it is not just a funny book, but it does not feel close to us and from our way of thinking
A book for every era:
In the book you will find what the world lost with the decline of Muslims and what did Muslims lose with their decline. Abu Al-Hassan is one of the best Muslim preachers and scholars. We calculate it as well, and God is responsible. His book is one of the most famous and influential books
Excellent for families. Cleanliness and wing capacity. nothing
Comforts . Cleanliness, quietness and close to Deira City Center. Exit the hotel at an inappropriate time, contrary to the time I took the room, I mean, he received the hour for me, and he left the room at noon alone, it was not appropriate, and he must pay attention to me.
The book was recommended by a trainer in self development .. It was very good
All my relationship with philosophy is a primary secondary philosophy and a little philosophy in life. Thank God, it was not more than that. If I think of philosophy students after this booklet, I only imagine someone with insanity or about to commit suicide. I enjoy the book, despite its flattening of some things or biting sarcasm, but it was one of the most enjoyable rounds ... I hope to read philosophy in the future without madness or suicide ..:
good. Good reception and cleanliness. The lack of parking and the absence of a bus to connect to and from the campus
Thin thoughts simple deep meaning inspiring
Masterpiece ... the best thing in which I speak to you from the faces of your mind. I feel that one of my friends speaks, I am not a big footed man who owes me my advice. In short, the book is more than wonderful
I would like to take something on the words of this writing. I am the author of the novel, so naturally she sees a genius
Beautiful trip . The reception staff is very nice, the manager of the reception during the breakfast was decent and cheerful. When I asked a worker to bring vegetables to the buffet, it was a strange response that I applied from work
good. What distinguishes the hotel is its proximity to the Haram. The reception is very nice, especially brother Saeed Al-Asmari. The problem of the toilet, the design of the floor is equal, so the water meets so annoyingly that we asked for a wiper when we have furnished rooms and corridors old
A new book, a wonderful number, and its splendor is summed up in its depth
Praise be to God, I concluded this book a little later. This is my first experience with the genius Zaki Naguib Mahmoud and, God willing, it will not be the last. The book is interesting, with deep and simple ideas, and thanks to God, I benefited a lot from him. Of course, some of the needs I admire, especially in the late. A book that is not easy to get rid of quickly to know how to digest the fatty meals in it. I forgot to say something .. I read the book with the full version, which is not on the site. page
I was always wondering why my favorite Zorba is the movie over the novel Zorba .. Was it the movie music that Mikis Torodakis created in her status until she became the Greek music one month in the world? Or is it Anthony Quinn and beautiful Irene Papas? ..Or perhaps it was the splendor of the scenario and the skill in selecting the most beautiful phrases in my opinion from the novel? . No doubt ... they are all combined and there are certainly others, but the most important reason that I signed on from the first page of the novel, which I did not touch in the first reading, is based on the magic of the film, and it is simply .. translation. Here I am talking about the edition of Dar Al-Dab translated by Dr. George Tarabishi. Suffice it to start reading this edition to stumble, and from the first page the weakness of the translation .. where there are many commas, letters of kindness and verbs: it was and was and they were ... so I had to honestly usually read the first pages more than once. Certainly, meander translations are generally weaker than first translations, so how when compared to the original book? Just as Venus hides its fragrance when it travels from one hand to another, so is the spirit of the text and the idea weakens when translating it from one language to another .. This may intercede a little for Zorba&#39;s translator .. But what made matters worse, a frequent and many typographical errors that get you out of the atmosphere of the novel and from magic Zorba ... Waiting for a direct translation from the Greek, which restores Zorba to her perfume ... You can enjoy the movie and its music ... and perhaps learn the Zorba dance:
Exceptional. In exchange for the financial value and the services that are provided, this hotel is considered one of the best hotels in Dubai. The reception and hospitality is one of the excellent features in the hotel.
Exceptional. Everything is beautiful, especially near the mosque and all services. Weak internet
Rita Khoury ... how wonderful this person is. I did not know her before this book, and it is chance that brought me together with this book, in which I read every line in which I see the pain of many people and the hopes of many people. She loved her spontaneity, she liked her simile, and she loved her diaries very, very. If her friend had not disclosed the secret and was told that the blog is Rita, but that she is under a false name, this creativity of the light would not have appeared. Thanks to your girlfriend Rita, I am very grateful to her
Wonderful. Cleanliness, in-room services, location for the price. Poor response to requests, busy reception by phone, transportation to campus, few
Beautiful and integrated hotel. A beautiful and quiet hotel, a beautiful and close location, the room is nice, and the service is excellent. The restaurant by the pool does not have an incomplete service yet needs to be developed
Wonderful Diwan ... that you loved in. One day ... you will find your love story in. His poems ... or at least one of them ... none of the poets arrived. The level of Badr bin Abdul Mohsen. My testimony is hurt because I adore. Engineer felt the floor.
What I have previously interacted with and merged with a book like this ... to the point of crying / laughing / longing / pain / enthusiasm in battles until I reached the stage of absence from the real world. I thank God that he made my reading for him during Ramadan a really better time .. The book raises feelings to the point that I have often called on God to bring me together with my beloved, may God bless him and grant him peace, and his companions, may God be pleased with them Omar, Abu Bakr, Saad, Ali and Talhah Wu. May God bless the blessed Janan Al-Khald and put him in the position of the prophets, the righteous and the martyrs.
Excellent, but hotels that are set up next to the morning inconvenience. Close proximity to the metro. Constructions that are next to it
The novel that I can not hope to read and love its open end Read, read, read and feel ... the favorite novel of my favorite writer so far.
Beautiful outside the season. Clean positions provide good handling. My visit was at a time when there is no crowding and the prices are acceptable and everything is available but in crowds and in Ramadan and Hajj the prices are very high and I do not know about the level of service
A light book with its weight and number of pages, very heavy with what it contains, a book worth reading more than once.
The beginning of the book is not interesting and abounds in names and events that you may not know about in advance .. But with time myself understood the most events and was able to find answers to questions that remained unanswered for years as the massacre of Hama, Sabra and Shatila and the relationship of Syria in Hezbollah and Iran Finally, the reason why Lebanon accused Syria of the Hariri killing ... is a book I recommend
In fact, I do not know why some, but not all, consider such books classified religiously as I do not find a suitable word for all, I would say, they are books that are not specialized in a special category. And peace be upon you.
Beautiful, light, painful ... may God not bring us back to the lowest age ...
Salman Al-Awda His personality has always impressed me, with his eloquence and language. With every word of the book, his voice was the closest, as if to carry it in his recitation. It is an excellent dose of optimism and positivity for anyone suffering from mental or physical deficiency. If I had read it a year or more ago, it would have affected me more than I expected and would have disqualified me of gigantic capacity. Only four stars, for my eternal belief that there is no perfection in any human book, no matter how aloft.
It is now a white page in front of it as requested .. I now know why he does not know how to trust people .. She knew how to know everything about them, because he lived his entire life far away from them and only contemplated them from afar .. Contemplated that random war on trivial things, not more than The taste of life is only the taste of surface and absurdity. I am fascinated and shocked at the same time diligently .. In the first the name attracted me because I did not know its meaning and I wanted to understand it .. As for starting to tell the characters, I would have met every character of them in life and some of them who combined two or more characters .. In written situations I got exactly in reality to the degree that I I felt that we were all watched .. And in the end, the surprise comes, which is confirmed by all that I thought about, that the four are one person who is any of us .. The seven stages of love that he spoke about are the stages that we all passed through with all its details and we stopped or continued .. And of course the false ending It was very important for us to catch ourselves before it is too late. The man said in a calm voice: It is better! You know that every one of them will return to try to fix matters with his times ... and who confesses his love for his girlfriend ... and who is afraid of death is strong enough that he can change every need in him to catch himself ... but I was at the top of my joy when I knew that he was not living. Enough of blues
good. I liked the hotel, breakfast and staff. Expensive lunch and buffet for eating
A very big development in the way Dr. Mona wrote. The story is wonderful in the flux of events
The book is small until now, surprisingly, why I took all the time to finish it. The book is simple. There is not much explanation of the principles and rights. Every political principle or system does not exceed its explanation of about three pages, which I denounced from Rousseau that he used a lot of mathematical expressions to clarify his ideas. This was confusing to me because we Humans and not inanimate objects that you cannot determine our movements, opinions and reactions .. Quotations:. Man is born free and man is bound everywhere. Submission to power is an act of necessity, not will. I admit that all authority comes from the Lord, but that every disease also comes from him, and does this mean prohibiting the invitation to the doctor? . To give up a person from his freedom means to give up the quality of a person in him and cede political rights. It is possible to consider the death penalty imposed on criminals from this point of view, and that, in order not to be a victim of a murderer, we agree to our execution if we become killers, and in this treaty, as it excludes a person from acting in his private life, who does not think about guaranteeing it. The government’s misuse of the laws is less evil than the legislator’s corruption, because the state is corrupted in its essence, so every reform becomes impossible. I prefer freedom with danger to peace with slavery. The sheriff of Bologna. If a people were to be found among the deities, then their government would be democratic. Such a government as perfect as this would not suit the Adamites. The Jamaican France say: The remedy is to obey without complaining, for the Lord sends out the wickedness of the kings of wrath, so they should be tolerated as punishment from him. Rousseau replies: There is no doubt that such words are obligatory for the lesson, but it is more worthy in the pulpits than a book on politics. We know very well that patience is necessary for a bad government when it exists, and the issue is to win a good government. . Sovereignty cannot be represented for the same reason that cannot be sold with it, and sovereignty is essentially based on the general will, and the will is not absolute, and the will is either the eye of the thing or something else, and the mediator and not the people&#39;s representatives are his representatives then they cannot be his representatives, and they are not only his agents.
Everything is suitable. Location, service, available services, price suitable for all categories. /
When you ask your questions to the sky and the Lord will give you the answer.
The magic of books is often discussed. It is not said enough. This magic is twofold. There is the magic of reading it, and there is the magic of talking about it. Sixth book I read to Professor Amin Maalouf, and this book coincides with a number in my career as a reader .. The question of affiliation penetrates most of his books, so we see him as the main character of Adam in his migration from Beirut to Paris after the outbreak of the Lebanese Civil War and his division between the western and eastern camp. The writer builds the rest of the novel&#39;s characters with a relative tendency to extremism, leaving readers the impression that they are closer to Adam, who in turn is closer to moderation and naturalism, and then the reader returns to alienate himself after Adam revealed some of his past and present. So that you look at yourself after a quarter of a century of war to see that you have categorically departed from the norm and try to implicitly strip your absent extremism from its extremism among the most hostile extremes ... a basic book that acquires its value from the dialogues that train the group of friends from conflicting backgrounds, united by the pursuit of truth and separates them Everything except that .. The dialogue between Adam and Nidal remains my favorite.
Masterpiece Masterpiece Masterpiece. Never get down to description seriously. I felt that I was doing a real job for our country, ready. Creator
New and beautiful hotel. The hotel is beautiful in terms of decor and tranquility. The services are not good because I asked to eat and was late until I received the food
Exceptional. Everything forbidden is three stars only. Too much nudity and wines. Breakfast is good, but not strong.
Exceptional. Good treatment and cheerfulness.
very good. . I don&#39;t like the persistence of the receptionist to call more than once when I was praying forever, and this is not permissible for one contact sufficient
Wonderful. The arrangement and the many evening shops. Indian receptionist treated her unkind
Exceptional. Comfort and calmness.
Excellent screen, I would recommend it for Ford Tours
I looked at it closely ... then stood up and meditated from a further angle ... and whatever distances are far ... it is closer to my heart and my being ... closer ...
Traveling . The hotel in general is very good and I thank receptionist Hussain for the good reception. nothing
I felt that they are more thoughts than a novel ... They are really describing complex and complex feelings that exist in all the children of Adam. The most important thing I talked about is suspicion, hesitation, and lack of confidence that will destroy any relationship, no matter how its parties are understanding. Running away was the most comfortable solution, but it was never the perfect solution. Our ghosts that we close the door of consolation and leave for, but they return to confront us, jump over our heads and stand before us in an unexpected moment to meet us while we are not in the middle of the road.
At first glance, I thought it was a novel that revolves around real events, like any novel. He never imagined that it would be the novel of the world with its history. In all its chapters, starting with the first magic that descended on Nimrod. Passing through the Jews and Masons, then the revolutions and the Palestinian cause. And ending with the Antichrist. The novel contains much more information than a book from a page could possibly. Advice for everyone who wants to understand how the world works in these years and who leads it to read this book. Knowing that I was not convinced much about some of the events of Nimrod, Inana and the Antichrist, just some of the events
Exceptional. The rooms are spacious and clean, and it is a comfortable and quiet hotel. The quality of bathrooms is cheap, old and we need to renovate
Good for family stays and long periods due to its location. The location is excellent and the rooms are spacious. He needs to renew the decorations of the rooms and the opponents are very old and I did not like the employee at the reception when in doubt. I paid the tax in dirhams at check, and during the exit I asked me again and did not inquire about it via the system and when I told her that I paid dirhams and I did not ask you dirhams that did not mean me dirhams Rather, it is negligence and negligence on her part, and she did not cost herself to look again. She said it is true and thanked me for the residence.
very good. Its location and breakfast are very excellent. The soundproofing is very very bad and the pool is small
A book of wills. .... Just what I say about this book is that I increase this command ... I recommend you read this book
good . Mostly in the hotel. The net and the gym were directly above the housing
I enjoyed my stay in the village villas. The villas are quiet and beautiful, and the staff are in excellent handling, from brother Mohammed to the other staff.
Gorgeous . everything. nothing
If we consider that the aim of this book is to give an integrated analytical view from the inside, while identifying the types of mindsets and the way of thinking of the leaders who govern the Taliban, the book performed its mission with distinction, give it five stars
A wonderful novel ... in which all the elements of suspense from the plot, description and details, which excelled in its narration. The worst thing about it is the end of Taha and Sarah. Sarah&#39;s character, drawn by the length of the novel from the revolutionary, and acceptance of validity only completely contradicts her acceptance of the truth of Taha and her adherence to and harnessing on how she holds all the secrets that he lived alone .. In general, a wonderful novel and an unsuccessful end
It changed my view of many things. She felt that she was addressing the heart before the mind
Excellent. Everything is great. nothing
Great hotel except for. The location is great, overlooking the sea, and the breakfast is delicious and varied. The parking service was troublesome. When ordering a car exit, you have to wait for a short time, despite calling previously from the room. One time, the car key was lost. On departure, we also waited a long time until the luggage carrier arrived.
Overall the hotel is good, but not suitable for elderly people. Clean room and beds, breakfast was varied but terrible crowding. The lobby is very small and always crowded and there is no place to sit. The process of receiving the room takes a long time because there are large numbers of people. You may wait an hour or more from the crowd.
Very good but the fast ending has deprived her of five stars
The most important thing in this book ever is theorizing the state of Al-Dirar Mosque in history. It can only be understood by the one who has a deep Islamic background as his author and familiarity with the ABCs of contemporary sociology ... and the book is complementary to the thesis of my law in smartness and respect. I claim that this impressive brochure serves as an introduction to a new branch in sociology: polytheism ... if there is awareness of the inauguration of this branch
Accuracy of the description in every need is hard to convey the sense of heroes of the story to the reader. The tragedy of the fall of Andalusia and its impact on all of Europe after Islam was in the period when creating a new concept for the coexistence of people whose religions are different and the effect of this talk is the mixing of cultures. The Castilian Kingdom and the rule of the Church in this time and the narrow concept and lack of conviction of the idea of coexistence in the scene of burning books. with them. Finally, forcing the people of the country to leave. The ends of all the protagonists are tragic but realistic ends in this period. I hope to see her in a cinematic work, although it is difficult, but the period has been historically unfair
Happiness does not need major impossibilities Small things are able to rock us in the depth. Yes, we write because we want the wound to remain alive and open .. We write because the object we love has left the threshold and left and we have not yet told him what we craved for saying .. We write simply because we do not know how to hate others, and perhaps because we do not know to say something else. .
good. The price is ok being five stars ...
good. Parking is wide and not narrow for some hotels. Guest hosting of the Suhoor is free of charge during the stay. The buses that return you from the campus only get after a long walk
I hope to visit again. Dealing. Dealing with spicy service
What can I say about our great Sheikh Ali Al-Tantawi, may God have mercy on him, so whatever you write, it is not enough for me to write about it. This book contains some of his beautiful articles and thoughts useful in his beloved parental style. What Tantawi wrote about these thoughts is one of the meanings and values that we need to be reminded of. I think that this book is one of the few books that the reader can read at any time and find that it suits him and his conditions, it is one of the renewable books that are suitable for everyone and at any time. His style is simple and affectionate style of the father educator. May God have mercy on you, our beloved Sheikh, and make it in the balance of your deeds
One of Alexandria&#39;s finest hotels is an excellent hotel in everything, a very distinguished service, given the splendor of the hotel staff and their experience in the art of service and customer satisfaction. Due to the quality of the food inside the hotel, when you try to eat in the hotel, you will not be able to eat anywhere else and my advice to any traveler to Alexandria is to stay at the Sofitel Cecil Hotel and you will enjoy every moment of this stay
Prayer has another taste after completing this book. I am very grateful to the author.
Page after page Surprise this novel. How its events parallel our world. It makes you understand little by little the beginning of the event and its connection to the end. She reminded me of George Orwell&#39;s Animal Farm novel .... cool:
I liked dropping the events too
The novel is good, I read that it will be transformed into a series, but I see that it is a much sweeter movie, with Mahmoud Hamida nominated for the role of Stevie Barman. I did it four stars, so I didn&#39;t like it
Although it made me confused, but I liked it
good. Everything is good, family hotel with free parking and in front of the hotel games for children. The internet is bad
Excellent . The resort is more than wonderful in all respects for entertainment and relaxation .. their service is excellent and the Wi-Fi is free and strong .. the resort&#39;s cleanliness and the cleanliness of the furniture ,, enjoy the children with their own swimming pools and a kids club .. I advise it and strongly for the families. nothing
good. . We arrived late and the hotel was notified by phone, but unfortunately despite that we were handed over an unprepared room that seemed to be a mistake from the reception, then the room was changed to another on another floor.
Umm Saad ... the summary of the Palestinian woman ..
Pleasure . Reception, service and response. The bed is short grill
Ahmed Murad style madness and a bird from a novel to a novel and the blue elephant is the best thing for its readers
The book, when I read it, is a source of joy and laughter. His style of conversation is smooth. Regardless of the readers ’criticism, I liked the book as a member
I will resettle in it. I liked the hotel’s location very close to the Mall of the Emirates and close to Sheikh Zayed Road. It lacks the lobby
Excellent . Location, room cleanliness, services. Everything is perfect
Spacious rooms with great views but really not a five-star place ... The location is great, on Sheikh Zayed Road, and close to most things from the supermarket, metro, Dubai Mall and the beach are just a minute&#39;s walk away. Our apartment was really nice and spacious with a beautiful view from the floor. It has all amenities including two bathrooms, kitchen, express internet, washing machine and dishwasher. However, it does not look like a five-star venue, as it looks a little rickety and the service from the staff was not really good. Accommodation did not include breakfast, however there is a possibility to add it to the bill and get breakfast at the adjacent Radisson Hotel, where you can enter the swimming pool and gym, which was fine. The hotel was a little expensive for what you get, but the view and the feel of the spacious spaces in the apartment made it somewhat worth it.
I advise and tighten it. Everything in the hotel is excellent, clean comfort. ... the atmosphere outside the hotel after an hour foreigners are sabotaging everything
Qasim. From Saudi Arabia, the truth is this hotel is very cool. The internet in the rooms is excellent. What attracted my attention in this hotel is the splendor and manner of dealing with guests from all its employees, from reception to the restaurant, as well as room cleaners etc. In particular, two wonderful people are mentioned in the art of dealing with distinguished morals, the first of whom is the receptionist, and the lady is called: Toshi, followed by Mr. Ezat, who is a receptionist. I recommend it and it is much better than others especially the same degree
A nice little book that draws attention to a number of points that we may overlook when using our minds
Good and clean hotel but its location is not right. Cleanliness of the hotel. There are no services for businessmen, such as those who want to enter an e-mail and print a paper
Very beautiful . Wonderful hotel and excellent family crew with distinction located in an area serviced by restaurants and entertainment, close to the marina, wonderful views, minutes to Dubai Mall, minutes to Ibn Battuta. A distance from the airport is about half an hour
The Abbasids did not exist for their state existing only treachery and intrigue, and by that also reached its end.
A beautiful experience with Ziad, the child. Impressive. So, from the volume of questions and speech, it comes from a child who did not exceed the age of one year. Nice experience .. it became one of the closest books to my heart. .... This is one of the most powerful poems ... and I love them very much for my heart. I brought up the homeless boys with leaves. And I asked them to draw trees. Draw long, empty branches. Sleeping on the floor. And it has a cannon and a military. So I said: No, except this. Draw flowers and a home. Draw flowers lying in the rain water. And the soldiers trample it. And I said: No, only this. Draw a bird singing. As you were drawing before. So they drew a crying bird. And the rain falls. She was silent and took the papers. And I went. ...... I hope to be goodbye an hour I will not be. I hope you will kill birds when I am away. I hope my loved ones will die when I am traveling. Hope very much. Because the tearful eye makes me cry. How much. I want him to turn around. But ... tears are inevitable
Wonderful. Very quiet and excellent location. The smell of smoke in every place. The restaurant ate very badly and cold. She asked for her salad, as if it had been cut in two days
I thought that my name is this righteous friend, as he really cares about your life, health, and happiness more than you. He guides you how to be better and happier chatter with you long about stories and experiences that amaze you until he convinces you of the usefulness of what he says to you. It will not suffice me to read one of this book. In all its angles it is enough to love yourself to read this book. It is useful for those who wanted to benefit in the end.
Exceptional. The rest, calmness and location are close to everything.
I felt pain and pain as if I had experienced all of the following:
Wonderful. One of the most comfortable hotels in Mecca, and the best of them is a site from the Haram.
Another winter morning in which Alwan letters are broadcasted from their warmth. I do not know why Alwan dipped his pen to generate all this beauty. During my reading I did not stop crying exclamations from linguistic ability and rhetoric, and being able to explore the depths of the human psyche, so it never imagines that Hassan is just a paper hero .. Rather, he bursts on the face of the universe with a heart that beats in love for his precious ... The first sexual harassment in his childhood, which he tried to eradicate with a stream of girls .. Falling in the whim of a divorced girl .. In a city that does not forgive love for sin ..., from
Smart words, professional words ... A book that contains occasional articles and sometimes short phrases.
Very cool and very distinctive, and it carries a great amount of sadness.
I love to read Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfik. His novels and writings are very enjoyable. This guy is very tired. He leaves no room for doubt on his literary abilities. The Legend of Appeal must be read after twelve o&#39;clock in the middle of the night as you sit in a field and hear the sound of a night cockroach. This poetic atmosphere is absolutely necessary in order for the bristles of your nape to solidify a difference from the unknown.
Wonderful, this book speaks with a deep view of the suspicions that confuse the Muslim in this time and more. The strange thing is that I thought I found answers in this book, but the truth is that it raised many questions inside me .. I suggest I read it to those of young age.
A real interesting book. It talks about the details that fall from us so much. You will meet many needs from those who get in your life in this book. The style of the bug is easy and the abstaining is real:
good. Cleanliness and good reception. The bed mattress is never comfortable and the Wi-Fi is very, very, very bad. And for bathroom purposes, may God reward you, incomplete. There are no toothbrushes, toothpaste, soap, and shampoo.
In the name of of Allah the Merciful. Among the books rich in its many facts, a good biography and an understandable sequence. Summarize the wisdom and transmission .. Live its events as if you were among them, if there is no precious book in your office, then your office is incomplete for the unique pearls. And thankful to its author and in the balance of his good deeds
Hope icon for you
Thank you for your diligence. I thank the employee / Nawaf for his good reception and the speedy completion of our procedures for entering the hotel even though the reservation was through Bukking so it took ten minutes and we received the breakfast room varied and more than excellent near the campus the markets inside the complex I recommend staying in it. I hope to find parking spaces, some opinions are unfair in the comments
Weird and alienation lasted and still is. Thirty years between solution and travel until the country returned to collect its letters to finally make ... a physical place. Homelands became endemic. And the citizen is absent from his homeland. Stories are told via telephone wires. Surgeries. Exodus. Another death followed. Dates were a source of many happy memories. Shattered barbed wire surrounded by days of life. So the laughter turned condolences ... across the bridge, meaning what he knew as a homeland. In search of an identity he gives to his son. He flocked to the diaspora of his family, whose branches extended between countries. .... murid al-barghouthi .... now search for his other books A letter like his letter deserves to be owned by many
Spirituality. It looks at the Kaaba. The elevator services were not all working, which led to a long wait. Room services There is one person for cleaning the role and this is contrary to the evaluation of five-star hotels, as this led to a delay in the time of cleaning to more than half an hour in the room. In the room and above that, and during cleaning, the person in charge comes to take another room urgently unlike last year. These services were more than amazing.
good. The swimming pool for women is room cleanliness. The smell in the rooms is the lack of barracks
Exceptional. Everything is beautiful, and really worth a visit.
The best hotel in Medina I stayed in the hotel during my marriage days was a very wonderful and beautiful experience from my point of view the best hotel currently in the city The hotel is very clean and neat
I thank all the staff. Good reception and cleanliness of the hotel.
Patients . Comfortable, clean, tidy and the staff are great. The bathroom does not have a hose near the bathroom, and paper cups of tea and coffee are placed inside the room
Wonderful human development book with an Islamic vision. A book that is not worth money. Dr. Al-Areefi, may Allah reward him with Heaven
Excellent hotel. Everything was excellent from reception and room service. There is no
it&#39;s OK . The breakfast is very tasty and varied .. the bed is very comfortable. The value and inconvenience of the neighboring rooms
I liked it very much, I beg you to write your notes. A book that contains many personal positions of Abdul-Wahab Mutawa, which I benefited from a lot, especially your article on your safety from the god, on the restrictions of the family that we see as limitations between them are the restrictions of love and affection
It is Al-Rafii when he utters, becomes incapable and sad, and increases the miracle with an unparalleled splendor. They are more letters than they are described.
Gorgeous . The staff is helpful and interested in serving guests. The role of non-smokers is limited to two roles only
The writer also said at the beginning that his book is not a prison literature or a biography book for a prisoner, but it can be said that to some extent it talks about the psychology of a prisoner in his prison and after his release from prison and his adaptation to the outside world after years and decades of absence from this world From the point of view of the writer who lived through these prisons ... As the writer said in many places, his experience with prison and what he learned in prison may differ from one prisoner to another, and since the writer was from the Communist parties opposing the regime, his experience may It is completely different from the experience of a person belonging to the Muslim Brotherhood or any other party, whether from torture methods And the prison conditions that the prisoner lives in and allow them to see their families periodically and provide the books that the writer said were a kind of taming the prison and the time while many members of other parties were deprived of them .. And he talked about his experience in Adra prison and a prison in Damascus and the last year of imprisonment was in Tadmur Prison, which is unparalleled in its pain and torment, any other prison in Syria .. It talks about his longing to prison and explains the reason for that to the things he learned in prison and that if he were not imprisoned he would not have known and understood ... An important and valuable book that takes you beyond the fact that the prison is just days that may be long and short, and in the end, they are days that dig into the spirit of Jane remains even after his period in prison .. and how all these years can affect him negatively and positively in all his personal affairs and his view of the general political and non-political conditions in Syria after his imprisonment ... I think we need more of this kind From the books ..
A destination of comfort and calm. The spacious and beautiful lobby, with a distinct reception line with its ethics and unique treatment.
This book is one of the most amazing books the author wrote, the book is the closest thing to the thoughts of the writer in the mind of the writer put it under more than one topic in a simple way and a beautiful and frank presentation in the form of sharp criticism of the reality that we live
The book is good .... I speak with evidence and experiences that I have used to prove that beliefs are myths and what came out most of them means ... I benefited from him very much, personal level ..... Introduction I liked me very much and rarely happens, but deserves admiration of merit ... ..Not need someone who specializes for his reading ...... The book remained the same ...... P myths stressed that a small part of it is true and has a good need that he mentioned it, for example:. The adolescence stage is full of psychological disorders and is one of the most well-known needs in general .... I personally, if he had completely denied it, I had complained, the book is from the beginning to the end .... but it is an explanation that part of it is true in the sense that not all adolescents have to go through these disorders .. ..And this is due to more social and environmental reasons than being age. As well as a myth other than this, I remembered the same way. And of course, myths are completely denied, such as, for example, that adults do not have new nervous ties, or that the brain will not be used from it other than ..... ..... And one of the needs that deserves to be mentioned with his consent is that he used to say, the book is the origin of the myth, what does it mean when it came out and when it spread and why? ..And i need a great honesty ....
Wonderful and comfortable hotel. The breakfast is very special and delicious. The room&#39;s room is excellent. The staff are excellent. Mr. Ahmed Elli is at the reception. The quality of dates provided with coffee
Exceptional. The description above is very cool.
Stay, place, do not disturb and the price is excellent, I will make sure to reserve in the future. . Quietness, cleanliness, furniture, price .. Breakfast does not take into account those who work on a diet, full of oils, few varieties, not good taste, and the place is not suitable for breakfast completely lacks family privacy, making Arabic coffee in kufi is nothing that needs improvement.
The book is very old and the country is mostly changed. The picture has changed
More than wonderful ... . A novel that took me to another world
A great place to stay. Good treatment from the crew, good air conditioning, location close to most restaurants .. the pool is clean, big and one room all available. The absence of an iron for clothes ... and the prices for ironing with a high metro curtain
An important book that tells the story of awakening in a neutral way. This book cannot be summarized with a sentence or an article .. Here I wrote about it. : //. . / =
Exceptional. It is near the Sharaf DG station, there is a 24 hour supermarket, a number of restaurants and its proximity to Mall of the Emirates. Hot water throughout the day. The water does not drain in the toilets, and the internet is not good
The writer has the same strong book and enthusiasm that is apparent in his words and phrases, and if you like, say his expressions, that is, yes his expressions that he poured on the conditions of the call in fraternal Morocco and the suffering of the Islamic movements all from suffering due to the domination of the la Francophonie front and because of the weakness of the Islamic project and the dispersal of calls due to partisanship and the writer, may God have mercy on him, another book that treated In it, from his point of view, the status of the call in Morocco is titled The Six Mistakes of the Islamic Movement in Morocco, and it sparked a whirlwind of criticism at that time. O conditions of Morocco, but what I mentioned is the underlying disease in all Islamic societies without exception, and to God the Complainant.
Depending on their gender, all human beings want a life like the quiet net, and fear that they may clog up a huge stone in which it falls, blocking its flow and cutting its flow. And when a person feels death, he comes closer, he is shocked by the fact that he is not a fugitive from death. Perhaps he imagined that the stones that God would drop on his life schedule were thrown by another person to the top to bounce back to his schedule. Then he becomes nothing but hatred and hatred inside him. The hero of the play, the historian who is toppling the person of Julius Caesar. Cleopatra, a dancer of the Golden Peacock discotheque .. The historian decided to pay his blow to the world before the world’s death sentence was carried out within a few months. If the world played the game of death with him, he is the university professor, the respected historian and the first decided to exile him from his life with atomic radiation, then there is nothing wrong that he will also play the same game and will pay the world a sudden beating. Plan everything, and decide that everything be as he wants. He will throw her first with the taste, it is of the human race, so her taste is money, so be it. She waited a little and would not be reaped at the time to a crime that would end her life. Thus, the historian would have detonated his bomb in the fate of a human being in response to the world that is accelerating the detonation of its bombs. If the world was the cause of the harm caused to it by atomic radiation, then the other would be the cause of blowing up another human being with the same ambitions of humanity. But just as the historians have reached the fact that the history of the life of Queen Cleopatra may be purely incomplete conclusions, then the judgment of the historian on the dancer Cleopatra on the basis that it is of the human race may be pure herve as well. As his wise habit, he moves you from the individual example to the collective example. So what is the whole world except distorted souls that bear the fear of death and annihilation within its entity and races to eliminate some of them to win the opportunity to stay and look at its being from a narrow perspective and refuses to see what is around it with an eye of reassurance and beauty
A fascinating novel with mysterious and confused meanings that is not clear at first but slowly unfolds during page reading. It is a set of variable and unconnected scenes that go in twisting and twisting ways and methods but you are surprised that they intersect together at the end to be a single whole in which the writer expresses amazing genius. a. The first thing I read to Milan Kundera is that I think the name Milan Kundera represents a philosopher, thinker and creator as he skips just an author of novels. a
Ramada is a real pleasure stay. The Italian restaurant is very fabulous and the food is distinctive. I highly recommend it. Underground parking is limited and maintenance work is still ongoing
One may narrate with his imagination to imagine himself a bird, a fish, or any other creature, but to reach with him to use all the senses of the new being and think as if he has become active from his species, this is something that Kafka has singled out for which I felt for a moment that he was crazy
Fate: Do not try to escape from me or even ignore me, for I am the air that you cannot prevent your lungs from breathing, and if you try, you will come back to inhale it again .. This is what I realized completely when I saw the word of the end in the alone pomegranate tree. A novel that summarized the meaning of the internal struggle that the walk left against the current when the current is stormy towards you to the abyss. Who represented the daily food of a horse. This theater was the period of the main war, which was just a prelude to the epic of civil war. It took me to Baghdad, to the arms of exhausted Iraq. I breathed with his mother&#39;s cries when the body of his martyr brother arrived, I cried when his father breathed his last breath in the last rak&#39;ah and when Rayah bid him farewell after she passed away her femininity .. I lived the atmosphere of death with all comfort. Pictures of me when a direct words represent him on the deathstroke, and I hear the voices of the wash water positioned over the dead body, sometimes he showed me the dead and the other showed me the washroom .. I loved his profession with what he hated. I loved it with all its ugliness .. I liked its steady approach to offering though some might find it dispersed, but it added to the novel its own flavor and refuted the possibility of monotony .. I recommend reading it.
A masterpiece created by an Indian Muslim scholar, God willing .... I liked the way the information was mentioned and the history of Quraish and Arabia was mentioned by the birth of the Messenger, may God bless him and grant him peace .... I felt a shudder flowing into my body as the death of the Messenger of God approached and I was astonished by the description of the companions of the Prophet and from the description Or a temple to the Prophet when the hour of migration passed
In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. The Tayyibis, I used to give it five stars, but I performed it four, because the story and its events in the first half and in the beginning I was feeling bored a little and a strong ambition. It really deserves, but for the story, Fadi tastes at the end. I cannot appreciate the story. I refuse people and say that you want to give it to the contrary. This is a beautiful and very powerful narration. No one takes my words here in the review about the story. Slave raids Abakhh the brilliant artwork actually de
A wonderful book is fighting the war we need to fight against supporters of Westernization and skinning our Islamic identity
A quick and short trip that we enjoyed and would love to repeat it again. Everything is beautiful. The presence of insects in the passages between trees
Exceptional. The hotel is new and clean, staff treat and hotel management is upscale. Conditioner does not work
As usual, Bahaa Taher, the novel is full of psychological reviews. Unusually, however, these same reviews took half of the novel as a whole, or perhaps more, because of its rallying of events, and the second half of the main line of the novel remained, even though events in it decreased somewhat, except for the last part. This made two narratives, the encounter between them being somewhat inconsistent in chronological and literary terms. The projections on his uncle and the gardens of his uncle and his father were very direct. The novel is a cry against neglect in the right under the name of savvy, because negligence and complacency does not yield anything but more complacency and concessions and more humiliation and shame. The novel, of course, distinguishes this calm, calm, decent style with a pure Bahaa himself
Exceptional. Honestly, the creativity of this hotel is all beautiful and tidy, close to the Emirates Mall. The crew is respected. Frankly, I spent the best days in God’s will, and, God willing, all my trips to Dubai will live in it.
Excellent hotel and classy staff, but the price is very high. The price is very high.
Very very cool. Attention to guests. nothing
Wonderful. Everything is beautiful. I vote what I do not know. Where did you come from? I was in his workshop. By God, I was in the room where I lived. I don’t know the rest of the rooms.
Luxury and sophistication in dealing. Good reception, easy check-in, furniture, cleanliness and everything. nothing
A beautiful stay and a wonderful trip. Location, cleanliness, location, good reception and farewell. You promised us to reduce the price for the next trip, as I would like to book with you on the date of / for a period of days. I would like to provide me with the reduced price. The positions are narrow and the price is overrated
comfortable . Very lonely. Everything is okay
This novel turned into a short film that was shown on the small screen as a child, the story is very simple, it talks about the forbidden love between two economic classes, the end was very beautiful
Actually ... the title of the novel is appropriate for the content. The forgotten Qandil takes you on a journey of tragedy, overcoming difficulties and constant movement between places ... The novel is saturated with sadness and gloom greatly .... Realistic style, plot and details are great despite my final impression of the novel. The best of the novel is after the details and unique description of the ongoing pain journey experienced by the most important characters are:. The reality of the novel, its history, and its disclosure of details of places and events. In addition to the wonderful link between the glories of the past and the conflicts of the present. My first experience with Mansi Kandil. Really happy despite the sadness that wore me
The first work I read to Khairy Shalaby, who unfortunately is still not heard about. The man is a very genius who discusses the idea of wealth and that the mule’s throne is merely a symbol. I need more, by his style, his style, not any other way. The Plain Abstained ... Don&#39;t think that it is easier than Khairy Shalaby&#39;s language. The pen feel alone. When they asked Naguib Mahfouz, why did he not write about the countryside, how did he write about it and Khairy Shalaby is there? The style alone deserves five stars, and the idea is more than wonderful. It is the first work I read for him, but certainly it will not remain the last .. Every letter written by this man must be read. The novel is sweet, as a start of acquaintance with Khairi Shalaby, its size is small and its idea is simple and clear. I think it will remain from my favorite book:
I was very satisfied. The apartment was very spacious, the sleeper was excellent and the hotel was excellent.
His blood is very light .. very .. Criticizing our actions in a sarcastic manner .. Whoever needs most to me with a sense of pleasure while I read it .. Because it makes me take my mind from myself and from my actions and think a lot ..
Great hotel. . The problem is with a delay in the cleanliness of the room, which forced me to come down and request it from reception
Very beautiful . The bed was comfortable.
For there are more than five stars you set. Wonderful novel I drank and deepened it. And he is sure that my reading of it will be repeated. Quotes from them together. All deserve to be quotes. Every female is a window of insanity. I need just one mouth to palate my taste
I recommend the hotel Hadi and it is suitable for family. Everything is beautiful. The non-Arab employees at the hotel treated all thanks to the Arab staff at the hotel, the highest level of sophistication in dealing
After reading this book ..and I read a lot of the readers ’comments .. I will not add much in terms of this strong, solid character that I sensed for the first time that among us in this time are those who possess qualities and similarities to complete and perfect God for one Sunday .. and that movie characters Which seems mostly exaggerated is only a little from this man .. And how much I felt a little size and personal and my will in the past of my life in front of the Mujahid Abdullah Barghouti ... But what I want to add and what I believe in day after day .. is How deceived we are, that it exceeded the limit of all media outlets .. except for the mercy of my Lord and they are less than a few .. How many facts have obscured a And I falsified .. And how many names appeared in the image of the leader and the fighter, and they are just community scum that floated around the wonderful Palestinian face .. How do we see in Arafat what the media portrayed to us that he is a hero and a noble Palestinian leader .. And his reality is a conspirator who sold his land and Mujahideen defending them and Ali like him and those in the Palestinian Authority .. How many people from my homeland Egypt listen to the media in times of brutal barbaric attack on Gaza and denounce how Hamas and the Al-Qassam Brigades would like if the Palestinian people were displaced to the land of Sinai ..And if they knew that there are those like Al-Barghouti who are returning specially to their homeland and leaving their huge wealth Behind their backs when they said as they say .. And when we called Hamas the terrorists ... God counted us alone and yes the agent in the despicable media machine .. God helped our Mujahideen and we joined them and we used God to support them and liberate Al-Aqsa
I decided to read the novel before I watched the movie. Thank God for this work. Brown is one of the smartest writers whose ideas I met and the sequence of their madness. He takes you to the East and brings you back from the West. He opens you strange questions that you did not expect, but you avoided turning towards them .. The beautiful in this book What I see as my history, rather than being attributed to the novel, holds many secrets that Brown himself tried to open for you and does not enter you directly from the door, except that he returns to refute everything that he attributed to himself, in the technique of narrative / truthful fitting ... the book was taken with me Days due to the never-ending concerns of life, except that I wished I had caught it and never finished it It looked ..,.
very good. Quick service, excellent food, good handling and attention to the location, and the entrance is old though. The price is very high especially on normal days the beach is far the rooms are small there is no sound insulation for the doors
Gaza students ... teach us .... some of what you have. We forgot .... taught us ... to be men. We have men ... they became dough ..
A movie is acceptable in a nutshell, since the film is still not presented, as far as I know, I will only mention the advantages and disadvantages of the film. It was new and beautiful. The location of the photography was excellent, and the pictures were very amazing. As for the defects, the events were not accelerating, they were slow. Some things may feel bored at the beginning of the movie. And he did not master you Well, as for Nero, make the end of the movie. I was expecting a stronger end. Unfortunately, the end was weak. The movie was trying to send a message to American soldiers. The film I give it all. From the movie note, it is primarily family oriented and does not contain obscene words or exciting scenes. The film is suitable for weekends and holidays with family and friends. The film is worth watching.
I will adopt this book as a reference for them instead of Wikipedia. The writer&#39;s way of writing about each one of them is great. My whole house is because I am all close to it
The book combines good conceptual rooting and kinetic organization of the process of driving change in an easy and streamlined format
Exceptional. Super cool hotel, great location and fine services.
Unlike most novels that have several parts and whose parts are boring and shallow. The second part of Zikula came better and more enjoyable than his predecessor, despite his ingenuity, as well as an apparent effort from the writer and a tight written narrative network that never made me feel bored.
Something beautiful and untold comfort. . Frankly, the reception was very helpful and wonderful ... as well as cleanliness, in addition to your proximity to all services and restaurants. Thank you Banan and all the staff at your stay .... everything is beautiful.
Nour Abdul Majeed can always make you part of the events of the novel with her words and the accurate description of the feelings that afflict the characters. Of course, I did not like his death
What saddens her story .. My first reading of the writer is a simple and coherent narration style, but unfortunately she used colloquialism in more than one place .. I never understood Hoda and even hated her. But she still despises the simple origin of her origin .. She educates her on principles and values, but she believes that she is of low origin and values after words she hears from someone she knows is mean ... What is the contradiction of this ?????. Hashem, I also did not understand why a person punishes himself and others even when he is aware of the truths and facts. Worth reading and meditation.
Excellent. Facilities. Water games. Markets. Restaurants. The furnishing is kind of old. Slow service delivery
Although I do not like the kind of books that are negative, you will find that you will read him his sarcastic style, but it is very realistic.
A wonderful book in every sense of the word, I read it twice and enjoyed it very much
Excellent for families. everything. nothing
good . Breakfast, cleanliness and spacious room. You must pass the markets when you enter and look from the hotel and more than an elevator to connect the room
My experience at the Kempinski hotel. The hotel is very excellent, close to the marina, the JBR Street, and Burj Al Arab. There is an entrance from the hotel on the Mall of the Emirates. The rooms are excellent. The service is excellent. The staff are excellent. The high price of the hotel after the rooms from the elevator is too long to reach the room
A very useful book that makes you wish it in your pocket all the time to be happy with thinking about all the practical and very simple ideas that make you a speaker tactless and at the same time sophisticated maintaining social relations in a positive way Generally the stadium books Ihab Fikri is simply wonderful
Typical dreams.
When we live for ourselves, life appears to be a little short, starting with the obituary and ending with the end of our limited life. But when we live for others, that is, when we live for an idea, life seems long and deep. It starts from where humanity began and extends after our departure from the face of this land. We really win, not an illusion. Syed Qutb of the joys of the soul
Starting from the title until the last line .. A journey to a second world, a world that exists in the writer’s face, in which we participate and sell us enough space that we remain part of it. Ease of style and beauty of vocalizations. The addresses that take your hand to the location of your fans. Very cool
Beautiful .. the continent feels a lump with every page turning it ... the feeling of the one who lost his present memories
Very beautiful, everyone must read it so that the supplication does not have words uttered by the tongue without the heart .. His companion worked hard, may God reward him well. May Allah reward us with the best reward:
Excellent. The location is very excellent.
Very nice hotel and well worth staying in. Super cool hotel.
The hotel is luxurious and the location is excellent. I liked the place close to the sea and restaurants and almost the entertainment places. The price of meals is a little high, but the possibility of timing was a vacation, but overall the hotel is very good to excellent.
The hotel is more than wonderful. In fact, it can be said that all the crews are very, very excellent, everyone is extremely cooperative, and when requesting any service you find the response very fast. This hotel and the staff and management deserve thanks and appreciation ..... there is no
What a real cruelty, what is wrong with this narration, the amount of pain that is spread there is almost not subsided if you see who they are living with this reality.
Life or eternal art? ...
Awesome. Everything in the hotel is beautiful and quiet, and it is suitable for the grooms on the anniversary of marriage, that is, any occasion for relaxation. There is a problem in the restaurant ... there are no barracks for families and most women are offended by this point and men too .. the restaurant is not suitable for families
Close to campus, breakfast is good but price is high and parking is crowded. Close to campus and good breakfast. The price is high and the parking is crowded
Distinctive stay. Everything without exception is beautiful. WIFI
Regardless of the fact that the book was really interesting and the way to narrate the novel is new to the world of the Arabic novel and it is very similar to the novels of Paolo Quelio in that one after what he concludes it remains to be really wanting to change and works a need in the world but hard more need is my joy I had a sense of the end of The third hour of what started under an idea that was used in the movie Babel by Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett is frankly my joy in my ability to expect the end a high waste and my joy that I read a novel wonderfully this:
A wonderful book in the full sense of the word. I enjoyed reading it ... God&#39;s mercy on you, Ibrahim Aslan&#39;s uncle
I learned a lot about the wisdom, cunning, ambition, and achievement of Erdogan and his AK Party, and about the enthusiasm and struggle of his teacher Erbakan. And about Turkey&#39;s past, present, and future. And I liked very much the opinion of Dr. Ragheb in the Arab countries attempt to imitate the Turkish model, especially after the revolutions.
good. The room, reception and dining time are excellent. Do you feel that you are in a parenting house for students who are not a hotel after evening, it is forbidden to receive guests in the room ?? For the first time in my life, I hear a hotel that sets visit dates, hahaha, honestly, need to laugh, so I advise guests who have visitors not to bring them to the hotel to avoid embarrassment.
good. . Delays in receiving requests
Featured site . Location. Water Cycle
Is it enough to remove language to create a wonderful novel ?? In Sarah, the answer is:
May God have mercy on you, Radwa Ashour. What is the most wonderful language? I liked a lot of her interest in the personalities influencing her life and how she talked about each of them several separate chapters and some of them gathered together according to the topic of the chapter .. But as long as the narration was not arranged not in all chapters I felt that it was better to have the chapters according to the characters, he would have given that More comfort for the characters and makes me condone the lack of arrangement in the narration. I loved very much Nada Nader and Nadim the two boys and my brothers did not say. Radwa Ashour or Nada is adept at narration, description, analogies and Faraj is the most similar analogy
Perhaps we all need someone who writes reports on us to be able to understand ourselves .. I loved this deep text that penetrated deep into a female without feeling that the writer is a man .. a human narration to the fullest extent. Sore and sexy.
Wonderful. The hotel is beautiful and the place is quiet and comfortable, with a supermarket, pharmacy and some small restaurants beside you. The pool was under maintenance, the free water was not put into place until the first day
good. . Calculating the value of the one in the fridge and upon receiving the apartment the fridge was empty and required to pay the amount of riyals on nothing
A book that presents the historical era in which Muslims founded their civilization in Andalusia, useful for the purpose. Rich in historical details that are of no interest to the ordinary reader but are detailed to the researcher, scholar, and hobbyist in this field. Some partial points that I took on the book. And I presented it in the reading club for this book in a group of reading friends
Excellent . Very excellent in terms of location, privacy and reception. I did not see it except the day of arrival and the day of departure. The rest of the days enter and see the car from the basement.
Great greatness, Yossa creates a brilliant work that bears all of our conflicting perceptions of sex from a constant yearning that we express in our sexual fantasies to intense fear and horror from his intense mastery of the soul, mind and body, and through us a Creator through which there is a tale that mixes fertile sexual imagination that breathes through six paintings From the world heritage of plastic art with the real worlds of the three personalities of the novel: father, son and aunt.
very good. Yeah. Meet the requests
. A very cool hotel and comfortable treatment. The hotel location is far from the heart of Abu Dhabi
We need light books such as what we need to be imprisoned with a tea after a hearty meal..Syria is in simplicity, but this is the closest thing I need and I am reading Omar Taher&#39;s book..and considering the type of books is an amazing introduction to those who want to start reading..and therefore its existence is necessary and very imperative As there is a senior writer like Jalal Amin necessary ..
In line with the exterior design and the international design of the hotel, you must provide more entertainment services to visitors. The buffet. In observance of customs and traditions, and also for privacy, you must provide a female crew to serve the Roman service in the event that the visitor is a woman. Provide more satellite channels. The price of fresh orange juice is AED. Is this a reasonable hotel?
very good . The location is excellent but the checkout timing is not good. Close to the sanctuary
When you remain patient, such as depression, this is necessary for our Lord to send you a book like this .. Drawings by Walid Taher and the words of Omar Taher .. Feel better even if slightly. Perma became my friend
The way I read this novel differs from my reading of any literary fiction .. I was one of the lucky ones who saw with their own eyes the beginning of the line of this novel .. where the writer and friend Omaima Maher published it on episodes at the beginning .. and successively we urged her to work on writing it Professionally, more ... I decided at one point to stop her evil at her expense, to find today a complete, integrated novel ... I was afraid that the writer would fall into the archeology of the archaeological transfer between a man and a woman who had previously been shown in famous Latin series dubbed for more than Language ... carries a comic character ... and, thank God, it did not happen ... the novel shows the potential duplication Human in the context of self-arranged events .. interesting .. exciting kind of. Brilliantly with a general presentation of the problems of racism and class or the evidence of discrimination that coexists with Egyptian society ... between the rich and the poor ... and between a Muslim and a Christian ... and between a man and a woman. However, it was not without scenes that bear the character of comedy and black comedy ... I evaluated the novel with four stars ... it was missing a star for fear that my review was exaggerated by my friendship with the writer
The most wonderful hotel in Jeddah. Thanks to the reception, especially brother Irfan, for his good paper handling. My request was a standard room with a double bed and I was compensated in the premium room with a single bed and a basket of fruits and sweets and all that were in the fridge for free. Excellent design, beautiful design and upscale furnishings, frankly, the best hotel in Saudi Arabia without courtesy. There is no
excellent . Everything is excellent location and services.
Convenient hotel and close to everything. The breakfast is great and the staff are very helpful and always smiling. The room I was in: I thought there was no water heater in the bathroom ... the water was very cold
The hotel is very excellent. Close proximity to the sanctuary and quality of the hotel. It is possible that there is a lot of East Asia
Excellent. The location and its proximity to my workplace, and the system of rooms, capacity and comfort are all above the excellent, I will not hesitate to live again in the same hotel.
A wonderful fictional book based on real and realistic stories passed on or narrated by Sheikh Ali Al-Tantawi. The language of the writer and the art of writing is very cool and invites you to read
Elaf Makkah is a good hotel. The truth of everything was beautiful.
The best and most luxurious restaurants in Jazan overlooking the sea and there are special cabins for eating or restaurant sessions
Goodreads must be evaluated. From . Necessary
A wonderful book containing tips and words we all need. Even if you are good at something, you need others. Wonderful
Rest and recuperation. The room is large and annotate. The view of the Burj Khalifa is fictional, especially at night. The WiFi is free and powerful in every hotel. The staff treat the staff is excellent. The location is very excellent. The hotel defects the internal parking despite the presence of an entire building for the parking but it is very guest even surrounded by the large cars attracted to it.
I still sail in the scene, since crossing Al-Hasr until the last night in Ramallah. I really saw and lived in it, so what is more beautiful than a storyteller brilliantly stealing fantasy, intimate and flamboyant feelings. This is how I read a very wonderful novel, dramatic, real and self-evident for the Palestinian, contemporary, who loved Merid Barghouti.
Anas and reassure him. everything.
Hotel suites summit in magnificence, calm and cleanliness. The place is quiet and away from crowds Nothing, in all honesty, I felt a wonderful comfort and felt integrated in all respects, but as far as I know there is no breakfast or lunch buffet, there is a coffee shop
Exceptional. Everything is beautiful from the lobby and from the suite and breakfast was tops with good taste and taste. I advise and stay strong.
Rabie Jaber..Gaby Marquis of the East We know the reason for his amazement and shock when he tasted him .. We need other confessions, Rabie ...
good. Good effort.
A beautiful novel and has an effect on the soul despite its shortness. Khairi Shalaby is one of the most beautiful books. A picture of Astasia and her voice, mourning over her roof, preferred a tyrant over my thinking for a while.
Exceptional. The price is suitable and the location is excellent, away from crowds and on a commercial street. Thanks to all the staff for the reception and the services provided.
The rest. Cleanliness, size of the apartment and its facilities. Changing the reservation by the receptionist without my knowledge and without the knowledge of the baking to one apartment instead of two apartments unfortunately and we were connected by road and replaced them with two one-bedroom suites and separated us in the housing
Exceptional. Treat the staff and serve the visitor to them.
For me, they like tranquility, the gabiano is so quiet that I forgot that I am in the restaurant, the restaurant serves me, I am the goat hotel ,,, the decor and the presentation they have is normal compared to the restaurant prices
Where is that unexpected joy? . I hope the cinema that Izz al-Din really does not receive
Great family holiday with all-inclusive stay I have reviewed other articles prior to booking at Magic Life Hotel Kalawy. We had a great time on our one week holiday. The food was really nice, with an Egyptian evening in the main restaurant and the Mediterranean restaurant. And all the activities we did were fun. The only negative was that we did not find the House Reef House Reef until the very last minute of the morning so it was good to have more information on this topic than the people in charge of diving and the Mongo Kids Club could have been more attractive to children with more activities Besides the games where our friends went to one of the clubs where the bouncy castle was. The staff were all very friendly and of course the weather was always amazing about a degree, sometimes a little windy but mostly not windy. We practiced horseback riding which was enjoyed by children between and ages.
Great hotel however. Site and water park. Check-in and check-out is very bad. Congestion and there is no coordination for a trolley order or any other service that should wait long. This is caused by crowds. The number of reception staff must be increased in a way that suits the huge number of visitors
The amount of horror isn’t normal .. I don’t have anything to fear, but it seems that I am afraid of my imagination:
good. . Business center and the price of ironing dress is one riyal
Silent people came. Priests with black clothes and long mustaches. They washed the body of justice with the stones of the laws. They took everyone to prison. There are amazing poems, and poems that do not fit the book
Exceptional. Excellent and super cool. nothing
The novel is beautiful ... the imagination has another dimension with this novel. Clouds of Miso Created in this novel ... I did not expect Natan to become a missionary. Mallory, his wife after their return to some, will be the first to lose her missionary ..
Wonderful. Complete comfort when entering and leaving the hotel .. Difficulty controlling air-conditioners in the room.
The novel de Jett is in my hands by chance .. One of my friends is my friend .. but one of the best novels that I have read in my life .. I was never tired of it .. The suspense is in it from the first page to the last page .. Real sweet needs come to me from sweet people
A beautiful, focused, and cruel novel. Reality is enough and overwhelming with cruelty, but its cruelty becomes more intense and dying when mixed with movies that are narrated and dreams that fade with the word of the end and amputated wishes .. Between a helpless father and a mother who left the house narrow in it and brothers who wander in the paths of wandering and amusement, arose Maria Margarita ... that talented little girl looking for glory in the movie narration in light of the prevailing poverty and lack of enough money for everyone to go to the movies, Maria goes only and then returns and starts her own show at home with the presence of family and neighbors. Applauded by their applause and happy to praise her for her performance. But a fool who believes in eternal fluctuation, the days are treacherous, the father dies, and the brothers are dispersed and leave. The neighbors find Maria Margarita herself alone, broken, living in a fleeting, dull village. Instead of narrating films, she tells stories of the film narrator who lived here a long time ago and won the admiration of everyone who knew her, but it is difficult for people to believe
The hotel is great. The location and the presence of services are close to the coast and the hotel is also a summit of taste with great staff and furniture in general. nothing
It was a pleasant stay away from crowding. Security rooms, clean rooms. The buffet is not more diversified
Excellent for the family. The spaciousness of the staff and calm, of course, the proximity to the Mall of the Emirates and the buffet for breakfast is excellent except for the tea and coffee did not suit me, but it does not remember with the diversity of breakfast on an Indian day and Asian day is a beautiful thing. Coffee and coffee
A very wonderful book
good. Arrange the room, clean the bed. There is no internet in the rooms. The brushes need washing
nothing . Location. nothing
The hotel is very cool, clean, quiet and the most beautiful staff. The staff of the staff is the highest in sophistication and professionalism in dealing, I did not find anything that annoys me and I advise everyone to live in it because it is clean, quiet, elegant and easy to reach.
Excellent and very fast delivery
The hotel is excellent and I would recommend staying in it. Good reception, receptionist near the hotel, shopping.
What a novel ... I wrote seventy years ago, three quarters of a century, and this Turkish novel lives as though it was just written, renewed like river water .. Many summaries of the lessons of life came in simple and overwhelming contexts, here is a duplication of mind and heart, for wisdom and passion, to see And desire, for many things, I thought would not mix in one template ... congratulations to those who read it.
In some situations, the reality of girls touches the style of subtraction simple and humorous
This book comes as a third link from the Leaders Tools Series System, in which the author focuses on the science of philosophy of history. This section was divided into an introduction and eight chapters:. Chapter One / Entries for History. Chapter Two / Philosophy of History. The third chapter / The nervousness of Ibn Khaldoun. Chapter Four / Arnold Toynbee and Civilizations. Chapter Five / Hegel and the Ideal Interpretation of History. Chapter Six / Marx and historical materialism. Chapter Seven / Malik bin Nabi and the trilogy of civilization. Chapter Eight / Imad Al-Din Khalil and the Explanatory Integrative of History. I liked this book a lot, especially in its presentation of schools that dealt with history with different philosophies and how to link and benefit from them. This book is the conclusion of my reading for the year:
Very beautiful . The hotel is fresh, and the restaurant is delicious. nothing
Which genius? Which Mahmoud Darwish are you and what is this green poem on Earth? If you answered literally, there is only one for all these questions. My wall is definitely .. I cannot help my language and words to comment on the beauty of this mural .. If I find the right words one day and I do not think so, I will return.
It was a beautiful stay. Nice. Very disturbing sounds
Not too bad . I took the Raval suite, luxury except for the bedroom. Maintenance is not what I should have had to wait an hour to fix a malfunction in the air conditioner. I was transferred to another wing ... and the TV was not working.
God is greater than anything that stops us and what stops us to perform the human mission, then my life is for me to be the first Muslims in a field in the Renaissance industry and if I die in the way of God. ...
This book is suitable to be a constitution of life. It contains language, literature, refining ethics, strengthening faith and realism, and from the stories of history and many, wonderful in all the meaning of the word.
What is the name of the cream? My name is Naguib. There is grief in your eyes, Naguib. But this sadness is not about me strange. Mawlana Najib Surur
A liar who says: The time of slaves and slavery is over to this moment is found in new names shiny and despicable manpower servants? The title bamboo stalk denotes the psyche of Issa Jose ... as he has to live like a bamboo stalk and grow wherever he sows. And it has roots anywhere. This narration brings us to the reality that we live in most of our Arab societies, whose activities revolve between Kuwait and the Philippines. I have always been against this injustice that centered on the children bearing the mistakes of the parents ..... the guilty son of the Filipino servant to suffer such pain in his homeland and in the homeland of his father. This distraction that he lived lived not only with regard to his name, lineage, religion and love, but also in the contradictions between these two societies. What saddened me most was that Jesus was bewildered in religion. I felt myself hoping that his faith might be strengthened. I felt angry because Abraham did not teach him the right prayer, and that is why there is no way to blame him for anything at all while trying to search for the divine self with a simple assistant in some things. The novel varied between Islam, Christianity, Citizen and Immigrant, Philippines and Kuwait. I liked that he recounted all the details, starting with his mother’s life, her meanings, and her family before she traveled to Kuwait to work as a maid, how she started her love story for Rashid Al-Tarouf, and how she got pregnant with her and returned to the Philippines. Then how did he lose her after having her second son, staying with his aunt, and growing his love for his cousin, Mirla, with his knowledge of the difficulty of his relationship with her. He started his private life, the first wandering, and the end of this wandering with another tendency when the way opened for him to return to Kuwait and how his life began in his grandmother&#39;s house. His account was written and he spoke about Kuwait and translated it despite his dispersion among two citizens. I liked how he described everything most accurately and how he presented the advantages and disadvantages of the Philippines and Kuwait without siding with Kuwait society. This writer excelled with my attention as I could not leave the book due to the intensity of its beauty, its important event and its simple language tends to poetic and humanistic attitudes that make you sympathize with the hero and his cause and the novel and take sides with it. I really deserved the Poker Prize ...
The most beautiful thing I read for Murad. Human conflict is repeated in all ages between values and interests. Repeated in all ages and summarized: There is no benefit:
It was a fairly successful experience. Proximity to the entrance of women in the Prophet&#39;s Mosque, parking lots, speed in and out of the central area. I ask the hotel officials to make sure of the adjustment holes in the hotel kitchen because the smell of the kitchen is in the corridors, when workers wash the floors to not put signs to warn passers-by of the risk of water.
good. . The net
An interesting book that discusses the oddity of the pyramid form in general and the larger pyramid in pure form. Fun but leaves you with a huge pile of questions with no hope of a solution
And this is always the case. The lover of his heart dictates in a fire. And the wounded man was led in the heart by fire. And over and over. For example, if I wanted to. For example, far from evil. He was very fond of thinking at night. And natural morning waxing is hot. Unlike people and the words of the Qur’an.
Exceptional. Take care to provide the required service. Frequent smoking
In fact, the novel is interesting. I finished it before the scheduled time for her to always crave for the next of the events. I see that the narration of Huda’s tongue was easier for the writer than the tongue of the tributary .. Narration of the feelings and thoughts of a girl then a teenager then mature came remarkably expressively, but when she talks about a man with a man’s tongue, she is not the same Strength in expression. The best part of the novel is that the author did not mess with the end, leaving her almost open to the dreams of readers
As usual, Ather makes me stutter with words when trying to describe the beauty of her letter and make me hold my breath when reading the last lines of the novel and I stand in the end amazed in front of the conclusion .. I do not know what magic is practiced by letters raised on me. The novel, in my opinion, was a lover&#39;s hallucinations that turned away from his adoration more than it is a novel that narrates a story .. It was a hallucination and troubled feelings for a lover who loved a mysterious one about which Shi did not know and the novel beautifully embodied the feelings of turmoil and duality that the writer directs when writing any work for him .... ..... many are the lessons and messages contained in the novel and the most impact on me is what the novel contained in its talk about the past and that whatever we try to ignore and forget it will come the day we see in front of us .. because I think we had to reconcile with the past and solve it instead of escaping From him, as he did this .... I loved the end very, I loved it indescribably Indeed, in December, all dreams come to an end, but I wished that if he had responded to the message that brought him to him a birth and returned to his homeland and reconciled with his past and with himself, instead of remaining grumpy about the past and the tragedies he carried .... In the end, thank you. It touches my heart and soul with unparalleled delicacy and I crave a new novel for you ...
nice place . Location, location and facilities. There is no
A novel that tells a history .. with beautiful symbols that evokes sadness, pain and hope
Luxury and calm in the cleanest spot. Near the sanctuary, good reception, luxury of the hotel, tranquility, open buffet, frequent elevators, speed of service, private server, strength and speed, and much more .... none
Excellent. View .. breakfast and service. The price is overrated .. the bed doesn&#39;t live up to the hotel
To start, I have never broken a book that is about a page long. Especially since I am not a voracious reader. I did not want to finish it, and I am standing at length on every page:. Want the best biography book? This is. The author succeeded. A gentle and accessible extrapolation of the biography followed by her reflections on each event. Simple and smooth language. I lived in the folds of the book with the Messenger while he was in Hira migrating while calling the kings. The Apostle, the righteous father, the husband, the teacher, the Apostle, the human being who sins, is human: peace and blessings of God be upon him. Not just narration but lessons and lessons that did not take their right from reflection and study. I advise him to get the advice of the book to not miss:. If you want to quote. I quoted the whole book. I took it from the book fair from Dar Al-Fikr:.
My friend, what is the last travel? And where did he go from the previous nights? Where are the boys and where are the laughs? Melted ...? . As if to draw on the water. Or engrave on the sand. As if it were not. As if it is a fantasy. People kill each other. On the imagination. All luggage has disappearance. On the series Days and Nights. In the illusion screen and the mirror of the shops. My God, the Creator of Induction ... who we are. Who we are .. and who they are .. and who I am. What is going on in front of us. And what time and existence and art. What creation and universes our father. From there .. from here. It hit me faded and affectionate. I no longer know. And no longer crosses the article
I got to know the book through a friend Ali suggested when talking about Islamic ruling models. The book tells about the Taliban&#39;s experience in assuming power in Afghanistan after the overthrow of the company of other jihadi factions with the Communist regime that perished plowing and offspring .. The Taliban movement expanded in power after the government of Pakistan extended the hand of assistance to it, and as Fahmi Howaidi mentioned by the movement’s members: The movement, in the first place, is the fight against moral corruption that has worsened in addition to insecurity, as a result of the lack of control and accountability over the factions ’members .. After that, its goals and plans were developed until they found themselves in the heart of Kabul, controlling percent of Afghan territory. As a personal opinion, I see the first results Act under the Taliban, the result was inevitable, in a country where all parties are fighting for the sake of power. And another matter, I have a reservation regarding the title of the book, as I do not think it appropriate to name the Taliban as God&#39;s soldiers. As Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud Allah says: Do not worship with ignorance, so how can you assume the task of defending it with applied ignorance? How does he who put himself in the position of defending a cause not be familiar with all its facts? Even if we take into account their honorable intentions to defend religion, but the position of the state and the emirate is not subject to the logic of taking the intention, as the matter includes the rights of all Muslims loyal to the emirate, and those who are in charge of their affairs must have experience and political sophistication, and also be aware of the conditions of their people and their nature and Their needs .. I was very impressed with the book, being a big fan of Central Asia .. and thank you friend:
The successor of our uncle Jalal Amer in satirical writing
I liked
Do not blame us. When we are too sad. To this degree. we. Actually. We want to empty it all. Maybe we find. Before death. I have a hidden laugh. In our depths. Only four stars because the book is finished
Wonderful book in its presentation, language and diversity of topics
Attention to detail and dates Sahelni I knew information about many events and places. Describing the feelings and connected me with a sense:
A horrific sadistic being with a print from you, God, uncle Hassan
Very excellent books
A novel that fills a loophole of Arab and Palestinian literature specifically. Undoubtedly worth reading, I liked it technically, literally and intellectually. I found it expressing me in several angles.
Exceptional. . Needs renewal
Comfort . Calm and everything is excellent. nothing
good. Cleanliness and location. There is no restaurant
Very beautiful stay. Comfort and calm, as well as parking and elevator.
good. Cleanliness .. No clothes hangers in the bathroom and towels.
Thank you Dubai. . Revisiting the interiors and coordinating carpet colors
Ibis travel pleasure. The service crew and their smile ... and warmly welcome them to the ongoing customer, especially if the customer is always checking in at the Ibis Deira City Center Hotel. Prices need a little review and discount, especially for regular customers at ibis Deira City Center
They say if you do not do something for someone, someone will do something for you .. And I say if you do nothing for yourself, someone will do something for you .. Now please ... Give yourself a favor, and do not hesitate .. Know the enemy lying in you and let him go. Give him your weak points. Give it your faults. And your distorted heart ... then kill yourself.
What do I say if Buthaina is writing? She is the one in this novel to summarize what Rikle said and the fresh novelist mentioned in her novel: If your sweetness surprised us a lot. O happy rose. Because you rest on the twig over Twig. Oh Buthaina .. O conveyor of that pain, that love, and that difference. Thanks
Good on the whole. The place and the view. Things in services and things in cleaning
Delicious book
A more than wonderful book. May Allah reward you with good
As in the novel Al Harafish and the children of our neighborhood, Mahfouz creates the story that spans a long time without boring detail. Yassin&#39;s personality development and the intensity of the promises of lover Kamal and the decline of Mr. Ahmed by age. The three pillars were in the second part .. I am a fanatic of Mahfouz, so I would not praise him as usual
The book in historical context is very beautiful, and sweet boldness applies to it: before the revolution and the state of Egypt, and corruption is rampant in every moment, people are silent, unfortunately, and do not do a need and works like ZD and others inciting movement, and that anyone who does any need is sufficient enough for a year The situation is from bad to worse, and our generation is still inherited, and we are completing this normal:. After the revolution, the point of hope is that every thing was happening, and we did something, and we are going through a difficult period, but the age of the guy who is going will be worse than the last one, and in the hope of a ball, and that this is not repeated and perhaps the world will change, but it will damage and return to the people, they must change Because you need change. I liked it too. James bin Bond article in front of you is an ambush, closed and closed, and a very beautiful need that he forbade the book to the problem in the head, wonderfully hard, meaning:
good. Clean quiet Wi-Fi. The parking site
What sweeter refer to it. This sentence remains ringing in my ears every time I start reading a book from the creations of Tawfiq Al-Hakim ... He is one of the owners of the great merit in entering the world of reading ... and certainly one of the most enjoyable characters ... I became a loyal reader for him ... And in terms of pleasure, It is fun, enjoyable and enjoyable in all the meanings of this word .. This book contains a collection of his short stories, and when we say short stories for the success of the wise, this means that we are prepared to install our feelings and not find them dreamland, and that is through imaginary historical or contemporary events that tell Our current reality is the smartest and deepest possible way .. Tefa Habibi has the unique ability to unleash his imagination far away in this type of literature, he enchanted Ba with his feelings and the conscience of his reader, on his journey to distant and unique horizons and uninhibited before, and the closest thing to realism at the same time .. I begin to present his story, a paradise in which he tells about a sheikh in one of the villages he spent his entire life in the village mosque he prays He fasts, performs rituals, and preaches to people ... He never moved outside this closed spiritual circle, and upon his death the people of the village erected a shrine next to the mosque and named it as a righteous guardian of God. And his shrine has become a place where people turn to seek blessing and to throw loads that tire their shoulders. The owner of the place can dispose of his knowledge to solve it .. But what wonders us with surprise is that the spirit of the man ascended to heaven and did not find a place for it, as it neither responded to his paradise nor to fire ... the angels told him that his life had been lost in vain ... He did not fight evil and did not do any good, he was isolated from the world and did not do anything that could actually fall under the clause of his living .. Therefore, his soul was restored to his body once Another minimum ... to try again. And he returned with all his memory and decided to search for evil in order to fight it ... and consequently, he went to the capital, specifically in one of its bars, where vice is always available and available .... so does he find evil and likes him ... or is that evil has He finally found his misfortune in it .. .. your eyes Vngelt not a tongue? ... they took this medicine. In the story of this world, a narration, the spirit of a husband wandering in love with his wife ascends to her innocent ... and objects to this fate that he took from his lover. Soon, he will be surprised that his wife’s spirit could not survive in this world without him, and she also stepped up to meet him .. As a result of their insistence and their insistence on staying together, the angel charged with ... is forced to take the sleeve from this ... resend the souls to play another role on The theater of life, to bring them back to the limelight in roles that are destined to converge, intertwine and intermarry, but in a completely different environment from the first environment ... Will the couple remain in harmony, or will the working and life conditions affect the souls and their homogeneity? Of course, if any contemporary author tries to knock this literary space as the creator Tawfiq al-Hakim did in these two stories, he would have stoned Malta in Tahrir Square or dragged Tok to the highway, as a punishment for this debauchery and debauchery and for its contempt for religions ... and for us what happened With the book A Thousand and One Nights All Sermon, he was exposed to arrows of backwardness and stagnation just because he contained sexual expressions ... So what about a book that creates a world about spirits and their reincarnation and explains how asceticism becomes an evil and a brothel for a hermit a solution ... but these two stories, for For lovers of Al-Hakim, they may be quite enough to make this book a shipping card for mind cells accustomed to seeing. The usual and familiar literary ... but his tongue and one day in the pod, Tiffa ... in the saga of the boats of the sun ... It is one of the deepest and sweetest short stories that I have read in my life ... The wise brings us to the pharaonic atmosphere, where we see A one-sided love story between a maker of sun boats and his property ... stormy love that did not stand much in front of a small detail such as the death of the queen ... The man decided to steal her body after mummification and put in place his body and her summer .. And religious ceremonies are held with the knowledge of the High Priest , Through which the Queen&#39;s Spirit will ascend by the chariot of the sun to the sky where eternity and eternal kingdom are reserved only for the souls of the elite, such as kings and captives M and their priests ... but surprised everyone later that the body chapel it was for one of the public .... Medicine A problem? An exciting pharaonic love story of course ... but normal, but here comes the role of the wise and his genius in the last chapters of the novel ... when the people ask, saying: Does this mean that the spirit of the runner-up has risen, according to these prayers, where is the paradise of the kings of the Pharaohs? So the paradise is available to everyone without the distinction or the necessity of the presence of blue blood .... Or is the whole topic a concern ... and the occupation of priests is just a reason and a means to control the overpowering people ??? A Pharaonic story, Pharaonic, isn&#39;t that? ... I have no relation with our reality. Teve ruins your mind ... Your skull is her father ... Ok a simple romantic truce with the story of the wedding night, where the wife tells her husband on their wedding night that she loves another man other than him, and that the pressure of her family and the nature of the permissibility of our salons is what is behind this stapling ... The gentleman understands her position and decides to live together like sisters, and also accepts to appear as for everyone in the form of a harsh, fabricated husband until he justifies their divorce after a few months, and that in a way that does not affect her reputation or stop her market .. And with time, Tawfiq al-Hakim takes care of the seed of love that Planted between them because of this magnanimity, it opens our eyes with us so that we can see how love unfolds purer and purer possible images ... Tawfik stripped him of his sensuality and any other factors that could affect him, and at the same time he showed the nature of the woman when she was in love and when she was really in love ... how her eyes close to the truth and how she finds out that she was by her side and does not see her .. a romantic epic that might make many, after reading it, embrace their loved ones, a warm embrace, a long-awaited longing and their longing for it, and in their secret they often call their fools, which made them live the sweetest moment .. but Tawfiq presents us to the other side of the marital coin in the story of the school of idiots, and we see what happens When the coated sugar layer sheds this sublime relationship, it becomes an inferiority And just to complete the social front .. We see in the story a remarkable face from the days before the revolution, trying to pick the appropriate bride ... But amid this horrific amount of attention to social appearance and appearance, can he really find the innocent pure bride, or that The topic has turned into, as stated in the story, a market for modern slavery ????. Finally, I leave you with the story of the share ... in which the hero experiences a car accident that prevents him from going to apply for the hand of his chosen bride from her family ... and we see the expenses of the imaginary destiny that controls his threads, our friend Tiffa, and we are dazzled by how the story tells us the nature of the creature from a rib Adam and how he continues to break his ribs until you complete his shortcomings .. It is a group of deep visions in the form of short stories, you will smile from his sarcastic style sometimes and be dazzled by what the lobes of his mind always produce ... It is Tawfiq al-Hakim, who is able to illuminate our minds with a word, and give us drinking Literary appropriate to get the bitterness of the gallant from the life that lived through it, in order to reach a clear understanding And her best.
As usual, Ahmed Al Shugairi, with his wonderful ideas and his endless efforts to develop youth and the Arab world. May God bless you and make you a flower of Islam and Muslims. In this book, he discusses many problems in Arab society, he finds it very important and makes decisions to not stop some negative habits in my life. One of the most beautiful things I read in this book. Mother Teresa is doing:. People are usually subjective, irrational, and selfish ... forgive them anyway ... if you are kind..the people may accuse you of being behind this kindness bad thing..take good anyway..if you are successful..might turn around you Hypocritical friends ..... be successful in any case ... if you were frank and clear .. people may deceive you ... be frank and clear anyway .... what you build in many years may come to destroy it in a night .. ... son anyway ... if you find happiness and contentment they may envy you ... be happy anyway .... the good that you do today people will forget tomorrow tomorrow do good anyway .... give the world the best you have anyway In the end, the matter is between you and your Lord ... and why The matter is between you and the people in any case .. The real happiness is that inner peace .... that reassurance that is inside you despite all the external circumstances that surround you .. If the conditions are good then be happy and you are satisfied and if the conditions are evil then be patient and you too Reassured .... Your anger is proof that you want things to go on your way, not against God&#39;s will. Two things will make you wiser: the books that you read and the people you meet .... Hassan al-Basri says about humility: It is that you leave your house and do not receive anyone except I have seen the credit to you that it is better than you. Al-Ghazali says: If he is older than you, say to yourself, this preceded me to Islam and has more obedience to me because of his age .... If he is younger than you, then tell yourself his sins are less than me ... And if he is more ignorant of you then say to yourself is better than me, for ignorance is better than knowledge without work and knowledge is an argument on the Day of Resurrection over the world ... The right place at the right time .... the servant is free what he has convinced and the free servant is what greedy ..... Muhammad al-Ghazali says:. If a person is assigned a job, then performing this work in the best way is an imposition of an eye, and it must be performed like fasting and prayer.
The apartments are worth a visit again with plenty of reviews about the internet and channels. Good handling, cleanliness, complete services and amenities inside apartments and great location. The internet in all hotels and apartments where you live is inside the rooms for free, except in the Marriott Harbor entertainment channels are few and do not meet the needs of the Gulf
A novel rich in literary entrance, fascinating. The story tells of two girls with the same name, Jalila, each of whom lived at a different time, but one person is linked by Joseph, the first is his girlfriend and the other is his daughter; both girls are accused in their honor. The book contains several characters in the image of the narrator; we note through them the way people view these two girls and their opinion of women in general ... The end is also wonderful, surprising.
She brought pleasure to my heart despite her pettiness: And to the idea of me, I was also upset with the zombies
Book .. The Abras ... Mustafa Sadiq Al-Manfalouti ... Egypt ... dedication ... the siblings in the world are many, and a miserable one like me cannot erase something from their misery and their misery, so there is nothing less than to pour in their hands these abras, they may find In my crying, they have food and comfort .... Abras are stories to entertain the miserable and miserable spirits .. but they are really expressions .. and tears .. Among the most wonderful things I have read .. the pen of someone who cares about literature .. will not differ on his goodness and beauty and wonderful analogies .. .. And the beautiful thing in all of this is that he does not understand the French or the English .. But he hears the story from the mouth of the translator .. Then he translates it with the writer who does not disagree with two .. He knew about Al-Manfalouti his delicate sense ... and his idealistic opinions .. Maybe his upbringing and discipleship under the hand of Sheikh Muhammad Abdo made him an ideal person .. I read in the book .. as if I am listening to the stories that had previously spread in Baghdad and Damascus .. He mentioned I have a lot with stories of a thousand and one nights .. except that its ends are all the same and it is the death of its heroes .. And I imagined reading the book as if I were watching the films of Hussein Sadqi .. It appears from his stories that he was against injustice, misunderstanding and lip service in the West .. The style is strong and eloquent .. And how much I regret that I I did not read any books for him despite my possession of a scheduled book translated from French .. The Manfalouati tincture adds to the novel well on good .. And I blame many who attacked the book and did not taste the language in it .. and the style and rhetorical sense ... the most beautiful story is the last that carried The victim&#39;s address .... Page ... You left me, and did not bid me farewell, so I forgave you for that, but today I have been at the door of the grave, I do not forgive you for coming to me to bid me the last farewell ... page ... do your men before you gentle your women, and if you fail men, you are On behalf of women, I am incapable ... a page ... because happiness is heaven and misery is earth, and going to earth is easier than going up to the sky .... And may you protect the Merciful ... May.
The hotel is good. Everything in the hotel is good and the furniture is new. There is no shattaf Mai for washing in the bathroom, and the dressing does not fit in the name of the Marit Hotel. Breakfast is miserable in this way. There is no breakfast, only the croissant only, and there is no diversification.
The poet&#39;s greatness increases the more he infects you. This is how I find Abd al-Rahman Thamer in his poems ... very great, dazzling, full .. but he is clubbing at you, and he is dazzling. This Diwan may be one of the most beautiful books I have read this year, because I lived anatomy of the poet’s personality with all its contradictions here .. When I read some of them, I could hear his voice… Distinguished writers are those who explain themselves between the two writings of a book without fear .. and without regard to the reader&#39;s reaction. .. without obscurity, without camouflage, and most importantly without cost
Very suitable for couples and families. The breakfast is varied and good, the staff is helpful, the location is good and comfortable, the executive room is spacious, the hotel contact was quick to inform us that no connecting rooms were available.
I started it on my own and then stopped and went back to the beginning to take my little brother with me. A novel that fulfills all my educational tools dreams
Exceptional. More than wonderful. There is no
family journey . Quiet cleanliness. Sign-in problems and delay in doing so, I hope to consider this in the future
I do a little bit. The integrated book in all respects, the introduction or preparation of a training book, achieved the ranking of the best-selling in a short period of its descent. From a chapter that talks about the reality of the existence of the god, how to create the personality of the devil, the Qur’an and the Arabic language as a divine miracle, the strangestness of the Vatican State, the position of women in Islam compared to the dark ages, the Qur’an contained psychiatric discoveries a year ago and the natural and supernatural truths ... for not consuming the idea of the book Which is about the scientific miracle and its importance in an era The current basic factor in the speed of famous book and the reason for giving me his best book I read this year .. This book is really your leader to learn about the fact that you are who Silamk different look for life .. I hope that this book is translated to several languages.
Oh God ... the tragedy novel. Why did they knock the walls of the tank? Because there is no past, neither present nor future .. They chose death because their dream became as far as their distance from their homeland, and they stood in the middle where neither homeland nor dream, only. Quietly surrender to death, which will surely be more merciful for them than that cruel life .. This narration does not tell about the tragedy that Palestine lives every day or any occupied country, but rather tells about the tragedy experienced by all Arab countries free and occupied, young and old looking for any hole to see From it the light, to escape from their poverty and bitter reality, as if Ghassan Kanafani this time is writing for the entire Arab world, as if he is still alive somewhere. The question now is why do they ride these damned sailboats every day in the sea? The story would not be much different if it had started with this question. Life after death is certainly much better than death during life.
The place is very cool. everything. The reception is not so responsive that when you inquire about something, it was standing in front of the receptionist for a quarter of an hour and you did not ask me what I needed
Unfortunately painful reality
The novel is wonderful, deep, light, I read it twice, and usually the beautiful writings are read twice, it is used twice, and the other one enjoys it. The language is smooth and strong, and the expressions are beautiful. Hamid&#39;s character is drawn literally that makes you sympathize strongly with him. Especially as the lady his neighbor who sells Koshary and the workshop that represented his own homeland for the suffering of a child in his childhood due to an accident that led him to have a special ability that was not exploited well in the events of the novel that dealt with the side of the human figures, of course the place is the hero in the sense that Madame Mary&#39;s apartment is the hero and begins to penetrate into Deep palsy The residents of the pension have a novel with scenes of genius, such as the day of vacation on the shore of Ras al-Barr, and the relationship between Hamid and Tanjana, written literally. This is really the psyche of a jealous child and the scene of Hamid and Nana at the moment of his decision to leave the house of Al-Asta Baraka Genius. This scene with his feelings. Awaiting waiting for your next work
A wonderful novel depicting the Palestinian saga before the Second World War, and the best writer sketched its characters and was able to transfer the reader to the saga atmosphere and live it with all its details .. After about one-fifth of the book, I became monotonous and repeated events and so the evaluation was /
A book that touches the heart. And my count of life is in the hope that I will follow his Sunnah, pray and invite his prayers, and I will send in his banner, and I will be put on his foot and the prayers of God and peace be upon Mawlana and our master Muhammad until the end of time.
A beautiful and gloomy novel, but its greatest beauty in the meanings between the lines .. From the beginning of the story, the reasons that upset the religious hardliners from the writer will emerge and everything that progresses in the story. The topic increases clarity and symbolism strength. Those who advocate religion and not leave it. This explains why the aggressors on Naguib Mahfouz did not read his books or books .. I hope to see the story that is taught in all schools in Egypt.
Rest, price, quiet and cleanliness. . everything. nothing. And a continuous client, but sometimes there are mistakes from some of the reception rights, like Saeed Al-Masry, my reservation was not executed, and my request for the room where I arrived was not arranged, which made me wait half an hour in the lobby, but Mr. Turki handled the issue with all positivity and honored us with breakfast for free
It deserves a star, I see it as one of the very valuable books that you should read ... Change or more correctly correct many of my beliefs and ideas ... When you read this book you will know why Islam was called the religion of moderation.
Exceptional. My best wishes for progress.
Jami&#39;eiyel&#39;s book is mindful and informs the reader of each story
a stranger. A short novel; it carries many meanings
This novel I forgot to write a review for. Therefore, I am obliged to talk about it in more than two lines. It was hard to imagine that a writer like Sultan could compose a novel specifically. The reason is that the author&#39;s press articles are short and succinct, and rarely contain any kind of narration or transmission. Secondly, Marah Sultan is on his Twitter account and after being away from seriousness most of the time in that period, when I did not find a sign that he was going to publish a novel. But everything changed when I read the first chapter of the novel. The same narration of Sultan is completely different. There is an idea first. There is often a reflection of the self. You read a speech with the self in the form of a novel. The narrator is the hero, and he is the writer precisely when it comes to the paragraphs that speak of love and feelings and the self immersed in pleasure and remorse and crying over spilled milk. All of them are feelings written in the image of here and there with the tongue of the narrator who often speaks in the form of we. These pickups, which appeared from time to time in the form of a paragraph unrelated to events, despite their magnificence, sometimes break the narration that was interesting most of the time. The conclusion is distinctive, and it contains an unconventional idea of peak and collapse. There are not many characters in the novel but the central character has enough depth and contradiction. The narration about places is beautiful. There is no doubt that Sultan coming from works will be more impressive
What a wonderful gift. Short rule in its content is large in its meaning. Difficult to explain. I forget about many of them. However, the difficulty lies in determining the hidden from the meaning. Ibn Ata Allah says: From it. Do not think that it is the world. This is why you may enjoy reading wisdom, but you feel it is part of your life if you know its explanation. Muhammad Saeed Ramadan Al-Bouti explained by Dr. Tariq Al Suwaidan. Al-Bouti has a beautiful, subtle style, and what I like most is that he brings examples from our contemporary times. And sometimes with examples I personally spoke with. To the second part, God willing
Creatively cynical, provokes the Arab mind to think about its fate
Sorry, uploader. So, my mind is to rot with sins if you are between me and complete your book. The book needs to be read in the heart, and those days the heart is between me and reading it. I only read the introduction .. Introduction to the two books. The struggle between science, law and faith. War and hunger, the smell of gunpowder, corpses, all of which are sentimental, and moisture of the poet tongue, few are wise people who see the light of God&#39;s wisdom in this world, it may be apparent calamity other than its interior, for God Almighty blessing is apparent and hidden, .. and simplicity and cruel life And asceticism in the world, three makes the person a silent philosopher, one of the poets sees him and then he launches a poem .. the poor are the source of emotions, they are the clouds of the earth, they water their earnest humanity. And misery. The poor: a struggle between science and faith, by whom it is won a strong right, and law and knowledge arise over him whose heart is faith-free, so it is better to combine science and faith, so we combine life with its materialism and humanity, so we create the desired balance. Matter overwhelmed humanity to reduce humanity by the amount of the increase in science, so we descend to materialism, and the animal increases, and the wonder is that they called it: civil .. Faith is a rule for instincts and desires, defined for ends, and omitted for excessive mortality, higher faith than the law and more luxurious in the soul of governments Constitutions are above all officials, orders, prohibitions, goals and objectives At the heart of every human being ... The boundaries between the rich, the poor, the weak and the strong are visible and settled, so do not make them negative, but let us make them compassion, mercy, strength and balance, to make poverty happier, not to increase it misery over its misery, as Rafii said in the sense: If you work Civilization is to destroy the limits of mercy, compassion, and fear between the rich and the poor, and has left the power of affirmative in the nature of life without a negative force from faith in the nature of the soul, so it is not after that that poverty turns from its white form in pouring tears into its red image in bloodshed, and He was asked to return rape, and the lower one was to return to the highest, and he was imposed by the truth and if it is the truth itself. By God, as if the poor in this civilization is the vile part which the rich expelled from himself and disavowed him, and he died between him and him. Faith is what causes desert trees to blossom, and atheism is what made desert trees thorny ... poverty and faith is a difficult equation in a difficult world .. But as Rafii said: I tried to break poverty from its pages, the poor book means a new patch. We must understand poverty and understand it properly, to understand it from the perspective of divine wisdom, as it is envy, greed and miserliness, an ethic that drowned humanity, but it is, as Rafii said: From the wonders of God’s wisdom, there is no good for the world except with the corruption in it, so we seek something in every whim of our whims It is wise .. When Adam was naked, poverty was naked, and then the first crime occurred, and hatred, hatred, envy and greed were created, so poverty in every soul became meaning, Al-Rafii said: What is hatred is only poverty from love, and envy is nothing but poverty from Confidence, and greed is nothing but poverty of the mind. Poverty is not lack of money, and evidence is the misery of some of the rich and the happiness of some of the poor, but we are poor to God, for God is that our whole kingdom is not equal to the destiny of God, nor a drink. Happiness in this world is a light in the soul that derives its oil from the wisdom of life, and believes that it will be extinguished one day and enlighten the ball of immortal light in the Hereafter, so we remember death, and to understand poverty is a right of understanding, and to understand richness a right of understanding, and that wealth is not limited to longevity with pleasure. Living, let us unleash good wealth and limit miserliness, and to love for people what we love for ourselves ... so we bring together rich and poor at the table of love.
I agree to it. Excellent service, beautiful entertainment, great price, active street. The foot appears to have a bit of grit
Quiet .. rest ... wonderful. A very wonderful hotel .. Unfortunately, there was a time when I thank brother Adel, who was very receptive. He was keen on the comfort of the inmate, may God grant him success. One thing. The water was very hot. I don&#39;t know. The purpose of the high water temperature is not even when you fade your head up. You see, the water is written very hot.
Uncle Salah and his quartets do not need me or someone else to praise. They are in themselves a masterpiece and the word a few masterpiece in describing these quartets .. I advise those who have not read them to read them
good. Proximity. price
Gorgeous . The hotel is great and the brothers treated the reception in an elegant way. nothing
Exceptional. Service and good handling of staff. There is no soundproofing
It is in the words of the novel will suffice:. This novel is great in the full sense of the word, it alerted me to many needs and changed many needs, how does every need happen that is for sure, a reason from our Lord to change you for the better or your hands is a second opportunity that makes you look at the need of one who has not been Firstly. Secondly, the style of the writer, narration, and story of the novel, and its goal is a masterpiece that is unreasonable, and for which my mind is simplified, despite the Egyptian writer and his first novel, he is influenced by the wave, like the rest of the new book. Oh Lord, please. Ahmed Abdul Majeed, you are great, may God reward you with good. One of the most amazing novels of one can read and make a million times
Politics is always dirty. A dirty policy game throughout the ages and different countries .. Dan Brown fascinates me as usual with this amount of information acquired after the completion of each book, an encyclopedia of information flow does not close across the pages. On the topic and its surroundings. Always surprises, and the last person you expect betrayal may do. It greatly supports the idea of distrust for me .. I cannot give any of Brown&#39;s books less than five stars .. After I finished all of these books I think it is time for him to think of publishing a new book for him. Wait impatiently.
A beautiful novel that carries a lot of historical information
Soda to the fullest extent
Exceptional. Tranquility, comfort, cleanliness, and very classy handling by the hotel manager and staff.
Exceptional. . Free internet in the room is not available
Start for a fleeting bed.
good. . I booked through booking and they gave me a bad room and different from the pictures in the reservation .. I called the booking team and they responded quickly and they are proud to thank them for that, and I also thank the hotel management for handling the complaint positively and changing the room to the right room.
He was saved in one rule, I laughed and at the same time terrified in one of the scenes of the story the first time for Hassan the soldier and, God willing, will not be the last:
In the court of literature in the presence of writing.
Exceptional. Cleanliness, arrangement, prompt and distinguished service, as well as attention to interior details.
To say the least, it is a masterpiece that I saved in almost or hours. I could not help her from the hours of AD, she caught her in a wonderful sense
more than great. My next choice for sure. The service, the cleanliness, the location, the employees, the services and the amenities, the comfort, the décor of the apartments are more than excellent .. and I will definitely choose my next for me and my family. nothing
When one loves in order not to die alone to spend the remainder of his life in the company of someone, he feels towards him that everything must be done with him and does not provide anything, life is at stake and the seconds pass by. How can he make from a novel based on sex and accompanying women, to transform it into something that touches the self of any human being, speaks with his own condition, enters a lot into the worlds of the soul, and translates it into feelings that appear in words in his narrations. I like Marquis’s style of narration so much and it makes me feel like I live with him in the moments he lived as if he was taking me out of my hand and telling me about what he had done in the world that he lived. And I felt as I was reading, as if Marquis was a person who had died before or knew people who told him their stories after death, and this is impossible of course. To death. I love Marquis very much
Not only the sad orange are the eyes of life lurking everywhere, which have plundered the elements of joy from the orange. They are watching us, too, with sights that do not know mercy and relief.
The messages of Ghassan Kanafani themselves are a necessity and they are so .. an extremely goal in romance, purity, tenderness, and every need ... but what I don&#39;t understand is Ghada Samman&#39;s purpose of spreading these messages, which is his wife and children living. Also, she is not neutral, as she never mentioned any of her messages, even if by referring to what she contained or even showing her feelings .... So it was like love by Ghassan Kanafani only ... and she made clear her arrogance and her pride and and and she never mentioned Its interior is so clear that the book is missing something .. In a lost episode, the book does not exist
good. The location overlooks the sea and the quietness of the place. Room services are lacking and there are no new services
One of the finest hotel apartments in Dubai. Everything I like about this hotel is its facilities, spacious location, spacious balcony, good hospitality, reception, and proximity to Deira City Center complex and the metro only five minutes walk, thank you Flora Park. Nothing is great
An excellent book and a style where you pack a legend. I can’t believe that he lived for centuries
Excellent location hotel. Location cleanliness. Nothing short
more than great . Excellent in all respects. nothing
Excellent. everything. Parking is very very expensive other than that everything is excellent and I would recommend it
good. The reception is excellent and the cleanliness is very good. The site is far from Shui
The hotel is beautiful, neat, not boring, and I would recommend it to everyone. By God, he was horrified by the full meaning of the word and deserves its price and the services that it deserves and stars and the increase in swimming pools services restaurants restaurants deserve to visit. nothing
Thanks, Ritz-Carlton:. Everything is excellent and I advise everyone to try this hotel. The lack of multiple restaurants in the hotel.
Gorgeous . Everything is beautiful ... Wi-Fi access to all rooms ..
The best part of this book is that it is based on facts and figures.
An excellent book is just a flaw at the beginning of the lengthening, but after a page like that, it begins to draw you
We and the moon are neighbors. His house is behind our hills. Get out of our way. Hear tunes. Turquoise masterpiece by Sherine Adel, a wonderful book of travel literature, of course it was the second experience with the writer ... The first experience with the first book was Paris ... It was not an ordinary truth ... Turquoise. The triple of the Levant .. A trip from Egypt, to Jordan, Syria , Lebanon .... beginning ...:. Narration and language. The narration method is very spontaneous, as well as a very simple language, and the good thing is not to make mistakes and make the readers separate from the written with his imagination and this in itself is an achievement .. The barrier of my movement stopped me .. tell me what is the name of blessing. Give me a try. My name is forgot with your eyes. Second: The architectural description, the description of events and monuments s of Lebanon, Jordan and Syria, a wonderful architectural background, the historical explanation for me of each country’s events in a brief way was not normal ... and this in itself is creativity as well .. morning and evening. Mapetense Something. She left love and took the exponent. may and perhaps. Leave my head. And make me my love morning and evening. Third, the margins and the definition of people and terms made the book a cultural treasure ... ... in the book there were separate chapters on the life of Fairuz from childhood to stardom, and the political life of Lebanon, as well as the visit of the tomb of Gibran Khalil Gibran was wonderful, and the theater of Petra, comprehensive The book for some of Fayrouz&#39;s songs was a good and successful choice .. After the destruction of Syria, and the destabilization of most of the other countries of the Levant, it makes a dream to visit Syria and others completely out of the question, but thanks to the wonderful Sherine and the truth is a great respect for the creator, let me live in Syria and in every region of it And also the most important antiquities are known in Damascus, Aleppo, Homs, Lattakia and even From a small city gained in the Turkish border ... and a detailed explanation of the Petra and the Byzantine civilization in the region, etc. .. compared to the rest of the literature of trips, Shereen keeps the most beautiful in the lightness of blood and away from artifact, in the events. Thank you Sherine ..
Exceptional. Honestly the hotel and its crew deserve thanks.
More than wonderful, as much as the pain, it is wonderful with all the chaos of feelings, feelings, suffering and pain ... Although I sympathized with Juman, I suffered for my dear and how I wished to be fair and reasonable with her, how much their love was beautiful had it not been for his unjustified negligence and madness:
It may be this novel that will make me start my writing journey
The value is suitable and the location is great. The location of the hotel is great and good prices. Cleanliness is not as required
The visit is repeated. Of the hotels we love in Makkah and I have booked in this hotel more than once, the staff is very disoriented, transportation is available around the clock from and to the sanctuary, the breakfast provided is great.
Thanks for managing the hotel and its operators. The location is excellent and the price compared to the services provided is also excellent. I did not see anything that I did not like
The five-star deserves another work by Ahmed Abdel Majid that fascinates me after a hymn of peace
The reason I read the book is a phrase that prohibits selling it to men so I wanted to sneak in:. It is evidence for forgetting if you want to forget. The style is very beautiful, funny and cheerful in some of its parts, and at other times sad, imaginative and romantic to the extreme. I do not think that it is aimed at women, as I have benefited from him very personally:
This is not a book, but a painting that I pondered for a long time ... A painting that silenced me ... burned me ... made me cry
A wonderful narration, the sequence of events in it is wonderful, living in a completely different world ... Professor Ghazi, may God have mercy on him, began to write the novel with a strange description, but it calls for relaxation, and his description was enough that I would start reading the narration with a clear mind, an open mind, and a relaxed body ... a novel Simple, despite her simplicity, my love, I loved all its details and events ... I ended it with an hour and a half and I re-read it after a while, I lived its details again, it was my enthusiasm for the end itself, and I was impressed by the story itself ... One of the most wonderful things I read, Although it is short, if its pages do not exceed a page, my feelings of pain and sadness lived with me for hours after I read it.
Great, comfortable hotel and excellent location. The location is excellent, all services and restaurants nearby are great, hotel service is excellent and internet is fast. The walls have no soundproofing
A sweet hotel, but in Taneh Hotel the best is better and cheaper. Place of the hotel. very expensive
Excellent. Fast service, good reception and proximity to the campus. The departure asked us to leave the clock at noon because there is a group coming, and this is not recognized in Mecca, as the usual departure is here in Ramadan, the noon.
good. The price is reasonable and the place is close to the campus and the rooms are spacious.
Frank and bold handling of the imam at a time when the word was answered with death, threat and bombing. The book dealt with the causes of the fall of the Arabs in particular, and Muslims in general in all fields ... And whoever reads some of the events and evidence in the book, he will think that the Imam is still with us and following what is happening on the ground, especially in Egypt. The imam unveiled the role of the Egyptian Church and Pope Shenouda and their suspicious relationship with the West, as it exposed many poisoned intentions of some leftist writers and their ignorance of the ABCs of Islam.
Excellent. . The survival and stagnation of some water in the floor of the toilet, may God reward you
This book is difficult to reduce in a few words. Taha Abdel Rahman was able to present in each chapter of the book a deep philosophical and intellectual horizon that needs a lot of reflection, reflection and study. In addition to that he possesses an incredible ability to carve concepts and deep knowledge of interpretation and significance in addition to his encyclopedia, eloquence of his statement and the arguments of his logic. Which makes you amazed, attentive and anticipating in many cases, in addition to that he seamlessly summarizes his ideas at the end of each chapter. The first four chapters are very important in terms of their difficulty. Every idea in the book is contextualized, accurate, and for a known purpose. The following four chapters represent the summary of each analysis, detailing, questioning and criticism for every suspicion and answer to many questions about us and modernity. The only thing that makes us disagree with him is his deep attachment to his Sufi reference and his Maghreb that dominated his vision in his presentation of the solution. However, in the end, we can only acknowledge Taha with the prospects that he opens and the perceptions that he expands
After Qais bin Al-Mallouh, no one liked ...
Excellent. Close proximity to the mall. Not having a shattaf in the bathroom The bed is uncomfortable
I still believe that Ahlam Mostaghanemi is the best writer in writing influential sentences .. But if you write a novel, you will lose a lot. A weak and tragic novel and its events I expected from the first page, and unfortunately I believed my expectations
Abu Dhabi with. Very good. The location is great .. the view is breathtaking and the coffee and all the facilities of the hotel are very beautiful and comfortable
very good. Location. Breakfast is varied and the bathroom is for you. God has no hood
I don&#39;t know how to answer. Black in science, why its size increased
The hotel is excellent and it is one of the best hotels I have stayed in in Medina. Excellent location very close to the women’s door. The service is excellent, the rooms are beautiful, and the food is great. I advise everyone to come to it because it is very wonderful to have transportation services to and from the airport. There are cars that take you to the shrines. Quba Mosque Cemetery of the martyrs cemetery Baqi
It is known ... a young man like him in Syria now:. The bullets in his body are trying to extract life from him while he is prostrating to God, so how to kill him?
A book on books, authors, poets, and two profiles of politics. Ahmed, O Lord:. Bilal Fadl and his interesting reading tastes and lists of his nominations rarely disappoint, perhaps because he does not nominate or endorse him as a talented writer, but as a frequent reader, his disappointments in some of the production of a famous writer, or it is difficult for him to understand the complexities of another writer, is not ashamed to admit that he Some of those who won the Nobel Literature have not heard of ... And in this book, he comes closer. And on the way ads ;;;;. Read in this book:. Aziz Nisin is the most prolific and underrated Turkish writer. Orhan Pamuk, and his book My Name is Red What readers differed most about, and perhaps indeed, as Bilal explained to each writer a key / novel that you should start with, or else I wrote the writer for eternal hostility .. Yossa, whose Nobel was late in his appreciation, the writer, politician and former candidate in The presidential elections ... the tragedy of literary amnesia, that you read literature and great books, swim with it in the sky of creativity, and swear that it changed your life forever and after a while ,, waving in the same section that you hardly remember a letter from what it came in .. a huge problem Many share it. Zuskind, for example. Naguib Mahfouz, Yusa, Dostovsky, Eugene Yansko, Ali Badr, Sinan Anton, Mohamed Al-Maghout, Elif Shafak, Osama Al-Dansoury. And others between the two books ..
Of .. , . . ,,,. ,,,,. ,. ,. ... ,. .. ... ..,. ..
I loved the book and was very moved by it, and in things. I tried it and he coined it in beautiful words ... a special book
Eh Al-Halaal Al-Hala Al-Dala: Hard to make me feel indescribable. Gorgeous :
A satirical political book for the first time reading the strange Osama, but I liked his style very much
I finished this book today in one session. It is not possible to see how painful it is when you read it. I was very surprised when I read days of my life or the way to shed books about Egyptian prisons during the era of Abdel Nasser. I always wondered: Do we only have wasted human dignity ??? After this narration, I realized that our Arab homeland is God, from your rulers. The novel is painful for the ultimate degrees. I did not cry, and I read a book as I cried with this novel. A Christian atheist is accused of being a collaborator with the Muslim Brotherhood with any logic that you do not know. What is the justification ?? There is no imprisonment, and only sees murder and torture. The most painful scenes: the death of the sons of Abu Saad and his talk to God and his supplication between unbelief and faith. Suicide breeze:. Whoever experiences depression or is on the verge of it, advise him not to read it:
There are some pens and endowed the queen to communicate the story in the easiest possible way, with the most accurate words, the sweetest words, and the similarity. Including this pen .. I will never keep reading a book that I do not know anything about, I will never finish reading to young people, and giving a direct and explicit opinion on them. If I like it, I will be the first fan, and if I don&#39;t like it, I hope that the chest widens for pure spontaneous criticism. I was delighted to have the opportunity to read this work. I was delighted to learn about a hidden talent in the spirit of this young man. I hope he gets some luck from the definition, and others will read to him and enjoy what he has written as he enjoyed me. I liked many of the paragraphs and transferred them as they are on my own page .. The writer is affected by the Qur’anic text and that this is evident in more than one passage, such as to return it to its first biography, so it will not be helped except by fire deadlines, burning fire with knowledge, is not morning close ... and other things that enriched the text The literary .. p mocked me a lot, they said Dahih ... I do not think that Dahiyeh’s description was present in the nineties .. The work is grammatically correct. : //. // ...
Mumtaz. Welcome.
good . Reception and hygiene. The main entrance after 22:00 smoking in the lobby
A beautiful novel ends and confusion fills you and the thrust chokes you ..
Fine hotel in the sense of the word. . The speed of entry and exit procedures .. Nothing mentioned except for the very high price of the laundry.
good . . The beds were uncomfortable and had sounds
Very very cool this book
good. Location. The prices were overpriced and the buffet was not good
Marina view. Good looking. Breakfast is bad
very good. Screen and good manners Philippine receptionist. The hotel is missing a lobby lounge for guests in the hotel or a waiting room from the patron to the street or waiting for money and this is a very shameful and very unfortunate thing.
Honest evaluation. . Weak mobile network, fewer varieties of breakfast
A genius novel and a way of telling events, forcing you to complete it before closing the book ...
Despite the large book and the weight of its size, but it did not prevent me from taking it with me in every interesting place wonderful wonderful new style and rich in cultural information listed in a beautiful storyline I recommend reading it
A first story that we all know ... Are we free to imagine a new outfit? Knowledge and freedom are gifts. You are the first to use them, O Eve, and your offspring must learn to use them themselves, they will always be guilty of you, but without these gifts they will not bear life. Sad and painful This endless space of meditation in the first stage of development and the subsequent phases, it is a symphony that you must read to restore your early feelings about the first exploration that Adam and Eve underwent in heaven and after their expulsion from them, the semi-serial life that they did not inherit for their entire children, that diving In the thought of the first to challenge God .. He regretted .. He asked for his consent and did not prolong it .. He lived in the hope that his offspring will prolong it, at least, even after a while diving, he will not perish until you catch your breath in the spiral of his contemplation. The mythological image of the beginning of creation changes every second before your sight. Certainly, you will read it with great care and eagerness. The relationship between Eve and Adam, by Gioconda Bailey, was emptying my breaths, and making my emotions lock up mental objections ... their different thinking is greater than the area of their agreement, their relationship with the plants, animals, and universe around them ... it was a reading pleasure that does not compete with them. A pleasure, reading in Eve’s thought, curiosity, behaviors, and her desire to be independent from Adam and obeying Him, Eve’s concerns grow and branch when she becomes a mother… a novel that reads voraciously… a vision from the heart of the Holy Books with a philosophical nature .. It carries with it the reaping and transgression that It raises the astonishment of the Muslim reader .. And the philosophy of existence remains a taste of difference in every religion Maoism and lining accumulations of that philosophy left abnormalities here and there .. The end was surprising to me, as the descendants of Adam were trapped between the disobedient Cain and a region or Buda which lost the characteristics of the children of Adam and followed the instincts of a traveler that returned humans to a lesser image of Adam and Eve .. to the waiting point of evolution The first who formed her mother and her father .. and remains dependent on the descendants of Buda, Cain and a region is the task of restoring Paradise .. This will be undoubtedly dependent on the intellectual sophistication that the minds of this or that descend will reach ... it is difficult not to integrate with your spirit into the folds of the novel, it is difficult not to You react and cry and feel the loneliness of the earth receiving Adam and Eve, it is difficult not to break anything in your arrogance and you feel a few Adam and Eve, and not to be strengthened by their resolve that springs from nowhere, and the most difficult thing for you after reading is the breadth and emptiness that your humanity will occupy in yourself, a philosophical dialogue how much he ignored and the interlocutors outside and inside you will ignore .. Therefore, you will return to it whenever you need axes .. But it is not the complete interlocutor that relaxes you. If you had ended up in another way ... you would have had more saturated details .. I read it with the translation of Ahmed Abdel Latif.
A story that brings us back to the world of magic and imagination, as if you read one of the stories of the two brothers Grimm, full of surprises and what gave them beauty is the use of cooking recipes as a main material ... Despite the tremendous pain in it until the end, but beautiful Special ..
The Almighty said: O you who believe, whoever turns away from you from his religion, God will bring people who love and love them. God does not fear those who turn away from their religion by throwing them into the fire, or pouring molten copper upon them, but rather by them with love, by replacing them with people who love them and love them ... that apostasy is polytheism..and not in existence being more severe than the corruption of reason, and God fights Polytheism with love..the thinner thing in existence, which is love .. He did not tell them that he would replace them with faithful people..or righteous..or godly..there is a distance after all this .. it is the distance of the lovers
A beautiful novel, which I concluded in a day when I was traveling in Minya, but the heroic valley was provocative,
Its conclusion caught you, Matar: The time is at night, and I have a sense of revolution. It will not make me sleep ...
Beautiful and wonderful. In general, great, I liked a piece of cloth on the floor of the bedroom next to the bed to keep the feet clean when sleeping. nothing
Repression then repression and nothing like repression, the icon of Zakaria Tamer glowing in most of his books and the most glowing in this strange group, I still remember the story that carried the title of the book and she talks about imprisoned tigers that feed the jailer with food from vegetables so they erupt and irritate and do so every day until If the tenth day comes, I will be deceived and eaten in the calm of cats. The language of Zakaria Tamer does not resemble only Zakaria Tamer himself and his sharp, shocking and attractive style at the same time is the result of real suffering and struggle rather than reading and reflections. A book worth reading
In view of the interruption of electrical current in all parts of Egypt, I decided to read this book. So I lit my path with these candles in this dark darkness. The book is well organized, the language of the writer easy to read and encouraging. But I did not like the seventh candle, and the male is not like the female. Because I felt unjust to the woman, I felt like being a female offender. I also did not like the use and repetition of doing too much
Excellent and very appropriate and thank you for your great effort that you have done and you are doing, because of the ease of access or the arrival of the goods to comfort and safety
When all your prey move for your work .. Wonderful:
Tender Branson sits quietly and tells the black box the story of his life, or in short the story of his transformation from the obedient Kridashi kid, the humble servant who cleans the floors of pigeons every morning, to the global religious leader, the biographer, and the best-selling book, then to nothing at all .. Tender Branson A routine and bleak person of the first degree, who used to take his orders from a certain person, never accustomed to freedom .. She used to walk according to a timetable determined by those who work in them to clean houses, then the commandment unfolds and my affiliate is, or Adam Branson is his twin .. My Fertility, A girl foretells of future catastrophes, and that&#39;s her biggest problem, she knows everything In advance, she inherited this problem from her mother, and she is the reason for her brother&#39;s suicide, too .. The book explains the impact of capitalism on the individual and especially, if the last survivor of the sect of death is Kridishi, it is he who transformed him into a religious symbol, and injected him with infinite stimulants that distorted his entire body, She assured us that freedom is truly a fun thing to do with all his concern for a summit, and also her ability to manipulate even religion, and what relates to the spirit .. And events follow up with his twin Adam Branson, the true mass murderer of the Survivor Group, and Vertelty Hollis, the predictive girl whose brother helped commit suicide.
The first novel that her readers read with the path of books: I met between the books of our house, which have always been purely scientific, to structure her village by stealing in us.
The strange times of time in which destiny turns to make the same person who was a blessing not long ago an eternal curse. The worst that could happen to one of us is to exaggerate his emotions, so that he no longer suffers a wound and does not dance to joy .. All his emotions turn into abstract names for a lost name. Very beautiful :
Wonderful book. The first thing I read to Agatha Christie. A lot of suspense and excitement. Whenever I deduce something I encounter it is not the correct conclusion. I highly recommend it:
Home not all of this happens. I know Haifa, but she denies me .. Also Khaldoun denied it. And man is nothing but a cause. And I used to tell myself what is Palestine for Khalid? He does not know vases, pictures, ladders, nor Khaldoun. However, for him, he is worthy. If a person carries a weapon and dies in the path of her, and for us, you and I are merely searching for something under the dust of memory and see what we have found. New dust, too. We were mistaken when we considered that the homeland is only the past. As for Khaled, the homeland is its future. I hope Khaled has gone ... during our absence
Excellent choice . Peace, mercy, and blessings be upon you. Frankly, it is more than excellent. Before reading, I read about the evaluation. I felt that if you wronged the services in the hotel, on the contrary, it is a hotel more than five stars in all respects. So I advise everyone to choose it, breakfast and everything in sweetness. God bless them. Nothing and forbidden to be wronged
Exceptional. Cleanliness staff is located near the mall. the breakfast
The novel is fascinating .. The writer Damascus is portrayed in a very beautiful way with all its details and customs .. The novel is interesting with the fictional girl’s adornment and her childish adventures, so I loved this novel very much.
Very beautiful housing, whether for families or singles. Calm, rest, and not to disturb. Good sound insulation. You sleep comfortably and without disturbance.
Ahmed Murad is a talented writer with an enormous ability to tell, narrate and show without feeling bored even for a moment. Interesting to the point of fascination, surprising to the point of not leaving it until after it is finished, it is a very realistic novel that has all the features of beauty..fashion, lively, interesting, comical and dramatic..the idea of killing with diamond dust itself is a genius idea. I liked several phrases from them. Hours we have to make small mistakes, and we can make them bigger. Killing may become a side effect of a drug that heals a dying country. The darkest times in the history of nations are the times when a person believes that evil is the only path to good. The same faces that wanted to save us one day from the king, and she became a thousand king. Every prophet descends to the people ... except Moses is the only one who descended to Pharaoh ... so that he will not be refreshed. The most loved character was Yasser
good. . Delay in bringing the bags upon departure
I hesitated to stand long before an Arab novel .. I read it or ignore it for my repeated disappointments with these novels ..... As soon as the novel started, it attracted me to her with her thoughts of her struggles with her sentences that cause sadness with the following sentences that cause laughter .... a wonderful novel that made me remember the exceptions and their number
I read it for the sake of a curse that I should have left me ... ??
A Utopia novel by Ahmed Khaled Tawfik ... a terrifying truth for the future. We are two peoples, two peoples, two peoples, you will see the first, where and the second? Where is the literature of the line between the two
A novel with a very beautiful narration that draws you to the end, especially if you are interested in the history of the Caucasus region, if it seems to you that it tells the story of Nino and Ali, it is. Much more than that, it tells the story of Baku, a people, culture, and crucible in which several doctrines, religions and races fused. A happy offering has brought us close to the picture and brings together all kinds of conflicts and relationships that have defined the Caucasus region ... We find ourselves once in Baku and then Karabakh, Armenia, Iran, the Caucasus and Georgia. . The novel is one of the spatial narratives that gives the place a heroic importance no less than its characters .. Baku with all its aggression, confusion, and transformation was the first hero in the novel .. The bride standing on the Caspian coast is very confused between Asia or Europe between Islam or Christianity between East or West to form Identity and affiliation between two enormous continents, one is different from the other by its customs, culture, religion and forms. Its residents are the most important issue raised by the novel ... I still remember a phrase that was made by a sacrifice by one of the characters of the novel. We would like to kill the Russians and the Russians would like it if they killed the Turks and the Turks wish they had killed the Armenians and the Armenians would like if they killed us. A phrase attached to the mind because of the severity of what was summarizing what happened and what is happening political conflicts tragic and painful conflicts that left their impact in Azerbaijani society ... There are rich scenes in the novel that reflect the culture of that multicultural society such as the scene of betrayal of the Armenian friend, and the scene of Ali while in Iran stains his blood and scenes Nino while she is in the Haram, washing her husband&#39;s father&#39;s legs and others ... The characters wrote professionally and masterfully from Ali, a descendant of the wealthy family, who tried to stand in the middle, but his roots are drawn on every side. To Ali&#39;s comrades who have fallen victim to a war that is not their war. There are also scenes mired in Raqqa, despite all these serious issues, political conflicts, and the identity and affiliation crisis presented by the novel ... worth your time:
Beautiful texts all love paper and beauty
have a good trip . everything. nothing
good. Cleanliness, Wi-Fi. Towels are very expendable and there is a new building next to the hotel which causes a little inconvenience
There is nothing wrong . Breakfast is good and rooms are clean. There is no gymnasium for women or at least a jacuzzi and the pool is not equipped for swimming and bread was dry
In my opinion. The staff are very clean and the location is beautiful. The room rate is very overpriced and did not include breakfast
Too thin to express her love. Her love may have turned twice because she did not find anyone who deserves this deluge of beautiful feelings
Enjoyable stay. Close to the hotel, the hotel lobby and its fresh and comfortable aroma, tidy breakfast and elevators are immediately available. The rooms are a bit narrow, looking at my family and children, and the view is muffled. We can barely see anything around us.
Hotel renewal of life. I liked the room spaciousness and equipped with all the amenities and hospitality, and overall the hotel is very nice. Thank you for caring about the place and the guests.
Clean and friendly The hotel is beautiful and clean, my family and the staff are friendly and the beach is clean It is recommended for families more beautiful activities, but in the period that I was staying, the free drinks and events closed at night and there was no entertainment even next to the hotel, forcing you to sleep early:
We are two peoples, two peoples, the first is where, and the second is where the thread leads between the two.
good. The location of the hotel. The lighting control system does not work
Excellent. . Car services
Excellent. . When entering, we were late because there was only one employee, only at reception, it was not enough for the number of visitors, and when entering the room, we were surprised not to turn on the air conditioning and the maintenance came, and I didn’t tell them to change the room, so we tired until they changed the room, so we entered Morocco so this time is late and also we paid more money
I give little stars to a book, but this book is well deserved. A book that you should return again. Personally, I took many wonderful quotes from it
Let life be the best guide
Wonderful book from the Islamic thinker Mohammed Al-Ghazali. Combining contemporary management and development movements with the Islamic soul. The book gives a strong impetus to those who suffer from monotony and boredom.
I recommend it to the site and view the Kaaba..the reception staff is very helpful..the rooms are spacious but the implementation of requests from room service is very slow..the lobby is spacious and beautiful .. breakfast is very varied and delicious and I have never seen a varied breakfast like breakfast Swiss hotel
good. The bed and the room are comfortable. Sofa chairs in front of the TV are not comfortable after a hard day&#39;s work
Exceptional. . Strangely, he had maintenance and was in a disturbing voice
good. . Taxi service not available all the time
I love the end
Calm down. The place is beautiful, charming and quiet, and the chalets are all sea view, in a very beautiful view. And they have a very good restaurant similar to the major hotels. The crew is distinguished by its speed of response and speed of service. Lack of interest in renovating furniture and not providing things in the kitchen and providing them. The prices in the cafeteria are exaggerated
The address of luxury. The location is great, speedy welcome procedures and a permanent screen of staff. nothing
A man asked them one day: Can Zubair, Talha and Aisha meet in a falsehood? He said on God’s generosity of his face: You are dressed on you, that truth and falsehood do not know the fate of men. I do not know a more wonderful answer than this answer, which does not protect from wrong to anyone, regardless of their status, and does not monopolize the right to anyone, regardless of their status, after the revelation is silent and the news of Heaven is interrupted. People thought that the war had ended and that victory had been written by Ali and his companions, and he had authorized his companions not to prepare for a wounded person, not to flee, to enter a house, to have no money, or to harm a woman. And that, on some orders, he thinks that the war has ended, and that victory has been made available to him, and if he hears a great noise and noise. He asks: “Aisha is inciting people and cursing Uthman’s killers, and people cursing with Uthman’s killers. He says to: Cursing Uthman’s killers, and God does not curse themselves but they killed him.” O God curse the killers of Osman
A hotel worth choosing for a stay. Breakfast is excellent, air conditioning is excellent, the hotel proximity to the sanctuary is reasonable, the staff treat a fine meal, and the dinner from the restaurant was delicious. Weak internet signal, underground parking is not free The hotel is located in the west front, so you find the sun is hot on the way to the campus
Beautiful . The hotel is very nice, clean and close to the sanctuary .... no
A wonderful book in which I attributed the intellectual battle to lead the life of societies from the beginning of the messages to the end of Islam and how the Islamic religion has completed religions and the seal of the messages. Muslim
My experience in Ramada Town Dubai. Excellent location and apartment space. Services provided by workers
Very suitable . The location is good and the price is very competitive. The room is rather small
Location and rest. Location.
A wonderful novel ... The creator of Bahaa Taher in describing the conversations and nature of the human soul and in this novel specifically the disclosure of the soul and its accountability ... What it has political projections that make me personally wonder how history can be true and who is responsible for that .. What we got today is that Orabi was a popular hero and that What a revolution did, despite its failure, was proud of the forehead of the history of Egypt .. How they described it at the time as ungrateful to the blessing of the Khedive, and how he and his revolutionaries with disobedient brethren brought us occupation by their stupidity and betrayal. It reminds me of the widespread campaign of defamation, treachery, and defamation that we are living in today ... And will the truth really be clear or is it one of them making a detailed detail ... the novel raised many questions inside me about the extent of our sincerity with ourselves before we believed around us ... Bahaa Taher&#39;s unique method of showing the human soul to its reality is devoid of any forgery or deception dazzled me He sent doubts inside me .. I have to repeat my accounts and organize my thoughts .. I have to read this book again .. one is not enough
Milan Kundera builds his narration on the idea of an eternal oud, and it conceives that everything that we lived will continue to be repeated without stopping ... and explain to us the concepts of lightness and weight through four different personalities closest to my heart Franz, despite the small size of the novel, but I loved him, perhaps because he is the most honest and pure .. the novel Philosophical of the first degree ... in which Kundera presents his outlook on life through his personalities that made me see it from the inside and feel its emotions and see even her dreams .. I admit that the novel so exhausted me in reading it and absorbing it so that some parts did not fully comprehend it .. I am still taking my first steps in The world of reading .. But I am very happy that I read n Different Amos novels .. sort may change my view of things and see the life of more than one angle ... Thank you Kundera
Sweet enough to cause mental and psychological disorder. Beautiful depression. Her village at night, this increased the rate of terror and the rise of adrenaline. In the last chapter. I felt overwhelmed when I was certain that everything that happened to the hero was just delusions that his subconscious had deluded. But my psychic disorder returned again when the end came. Almost ,, I suffer from psychological disturbances now after reading it. Or, more precisely, it reminded me of outdated turmoil:. I have to read it again. Despite what I reached, but it is very enjoyable
Interesting . The rooms are spacious and quiet, and offer a washing machine and kitchen.
An interesting and light book on the soul ,,. I felt that I traveled with him to different regions ... I would recommend it to anyone who loves to travel and adventure
very good. Cleanliness, Wi-Fi, price. The buffet is very modest and not worth a dirham
good. The hotel is new and I liked it. Not providing sanitary ware in the bathroom, may God bless you
Wonderful however. The staff was very friendly and their service was great. The room was large, great and clean for an excellent price. Close to Emirates Mall and the rest of the tourist places are suitable for families as it prevents visitors from entering from abroad so it is quiet. Lack of breakfast buffet, lack of taxi cars, as they do not pass in that area
good. The bed is comfortable, the room is spacious, clean and quiet. We asked for a room for smokers and they put us in a room other than that, we asked for special modifications, so the room worted perfumes and they spoke to me, so the phone confirmed me and the day I arrived at the hotel, the hotel door does not open on Bloomingdale&#39;s, it is far and wide for everything
Is it sufficient to give her five stars without commenting? . Is it sufficient to tell you that I have robbed this borrowed version and will not return it to its owner again ... No .. it is not enough. Here is Radwa Ashour, who will do it with me again ... I started my relationship with her with her wonderful triple of Granada. And now only I realize that my attention at that time may have focused on the era and the time of loss and the first setback in addition to the splendor of the letter and its separation from all that can be classified as a feminist writing despite the fact that the main heroine was a remembrance ... The events of Granada took place in a year and did not escape From Radwa and not a single thread, our hearts perpetuated and read the history of the setback to us ... As for Faraj, although the novel also revolves around one central figure, Nada Salim Abdel Qader, Radwa Ashour .. excelled in moving between three generations without stumbling In her stride, if only for once .. Nada was the central character, but Radwa made us cry for Salim prison, Marilyn’s travel and suicide. Arwa .. and firm death. I was amazed, I snapped my breath, and left me crying on public transportation, so people raised their eyebrows to marvel at what might cry me between the pages of a book ... I did Radwa, what you always do ... She moves quickly after every pain and another so that she does not allow you to collapse and cry .. And if she left you Unleashed I would have flooded the pages of the novel with your tears .. The setback .. She once again heads her from between the lines, is not a setback what I am talking about here and if it smells without mentioning it, but the setback of hopes and dreams .. The imprisonment of teachers and thinkers when they said no and opposed What the government sees .. The government upon which everyone placed its hopes disappointed and it was natural for the setback to come as a result of it .. Suppress students Visitors at the end of the night change the principles, color, play on all ropes, torture the detainees at the hands of the government whore. Oh God ... Why are events, attitudes and pain similar to what we live now, why are the characteristics of the customers and their actions throughout the Arab world and the different times ... Why do horsemen ride on the horses of the government? Did Nada scare me because I resemble her and because I have united with her in many situations and have been cowarded in more? I don’t know .... All I know is that I never wanted this novel to be finished ... and I&#39;m still thinking that I left Nada on the train without knowing the station where I got off .. I&#39;m still telling myself that I might open the novel again and find a sequel ... Radwa Ashour still fascinates me and hijacks my breath and leaves me in a lovable teh .. and he showed me that I was suffering the pain of reading to her in public. I see among her letters what I missed living with in reality. Radwa Ashour ... long as God sustains you
good. Excellent cleanliness.
... Among the most wonderful things I have read in my life ... A thin line between love and ownership..fan. You love, you will wish the best for the person you love in any way, and if you love him, you wish him death without you
There were seven arrows that the writer threw on our minds to remind us of our humiliation and instinct, which should be evident for every Muslim .. A simple and smooth booklet with important issues highlighted through seven hadiths. Away from the straight path and the masculine Arab pre-Islamic societies that the prophetic Sunnah fought by the ritual purification of God from God fought against. Glorified and Exalted be He who knows us more and is closer to us than the jugular vein, and the knowledge of our knowledge, our rights and duties in which we complement each other, so we are all from Adam, we were a man and became a nation ... until when are we in this situation when we return to our glory in the image of civilization .. We do not need the West to guide us with the basis And I have Our mind is to advance our nation and its unity ..
good. Very beautiful and quiet. The room rate is a bit overrated and breakfast is also high for a guest
Whoever wrote the change of the mood ... there are times that you do not want to occupy your brain forever, so you will seek a film of the type of Samir, famous and good .. you are not interested in any plot or details .. Luck ... and I love the articles of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq and Mabazaqh from them, no matter how much her thoughts are repeated.
Wonderful. . Wi-Fi was not free today
Many were reduced to a simple style as usual, with my conviction that some of the rulers who appeared before the Egyptian gods in the Holy Court were worthy of hell.
It is Mahfouz&#39;s basic theme: playing with the strings of existential philosophy and the nature of man; Or created a worshiping world and then chose to forget his instinct? The Heart of the Night is a very similar piece to the Great preserved symphony of the children of our neighborhood, especially with regard to the use of signs for the story of Adam&#39;s exit from paradise. The relatively short novel brilliantly mixes the fragrant old Cairo lanes with theories of Western philosophy in the interpretation of existence.
A book short in its article and with great intellectual value, as it poses questions of atheists and their skepticism about the validity of religion in general and Islam in particular, and then responds to it with the appropriate philosophical, scientific or religious arguments formulated by the great thinker Mahmoud Mustafa, may God have mercy on him
Admiral is excellent for leisure and leisure shopping. . Basin busy with repairs
Of the thinnest and most beautiful thing I read ..
A very sweet, very accurate and comprehensive book that contains many details about the Messenger’s biography, and it cannot be simplified to speak ........ The writer has worked hard to revise the hadiths with Sheikh Al-Albani
Royal style hotel. everything. nothing
Wonderful place and quiet. . Parking and proximity to the campus
The most beautiful read of translated literature:. Of course, this is Marquis, but I am the first pilgrim to read. An amazing ability to catch the threads of the novel and the characters and events and maintain the rhythm that does not get tired of them despite the length of the novel. An epic story of generations and generations of the family and the village, and shifts in relationships and events
I spent half of it when I was waiting for the Hebrew, i.e. the rest of the passengers who would ride with us in the taxi, and suddenly I ran out of battery on my phone, so the world darkened around me:. A beautiful book, I liked the commandment of Luqman when he said: Do not learn what you do not know until you do what you know:. And I am still hoping for the willfulness of preserving the most beautiful verses of poetry, an improvement of my language, and of the best stories and jokes. She was a brilliant man with the writer and writer
The price is too high . The location of the hotel .. calm .. view .. bathtub. Excessive price .. Does not contain coffee making machine .. Drainage of bathroom is bad .. Breakfast is not mixed and its price is not worth it ... Delay in receiving the car from the parking bar
Exceptional. The reception is excellent and the staff is good. The hotel is suitable for young people and suitable for families. There is no
Excellent . Car park service, steam room, and steam room. The staff spoke only in English
Simple to it
I read this book a long time ago, perhaps years ago, that I do not even remember all its details. Perhaps this book is one of the books that made me love to read because it is the style of writing by Mustafa Mustafa Lotfy Al-Mahlouti. It was more beautiful than I read if it was not the most beautiful.
the beginning :
Excellent hotel. The place is clean, beautiful and excellent because of the proximity of buses to and from the campus. The laundry service needs more speed
Void all invalid and invalid wind. The book reviews the Torah explanations ........ The book is divided into parts. The Torah, and how the prophets touched, such as the prophet of God Jacob and Lot, and the prophet of God David. As for the second part, it talks about describing the Torah to God and Malaika, and that the book itself is opposed to some of it. As for the third part, the prophecies of the end of time, and Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud said that he is a political publication against Egypt, because they see that the Egyptians and the Palestinians are their slaves. As for the last part, it talks about the key of the Torah, and it criticizes itself and does not need external evidence ......................
A book that you cannot leave, and if you were forced to do so, your mind will be lost and tell you the importance of referring to it. As the first book I read for Tantawi, I see it as very interesting. Laugh, laugh, and teach me. Most of his articles, if not all, have an amazing feature: the present. As if it was written in our present and time now, not for nearly a year. May God have mercy on you and grant you abundance . It will not be your last book to read, God willing
The most beautiful, cleanest and most wonderful hotel I stayed in. I rate it as the best hotel in the kingdom only because of its distance, but after God Almighty I guarantee that the economic city has a promising, promising future.
The price is not suitable for reality. The hotel is new. The reservation price from Bokeng is not compatible with the reservation from the hotel, the reservation from Bokeng for an apartment of three rooms, and the reservation from the site is real, which makes you move away from the reservation from Bokeng, considering the price difference.
What can we do, when we are saddened to commit suicide? . We go to the sleeping beauty house. I am a fan of Japanese literature, and a novel like this makes me love the weirdness of Japanese literature. While contesting too many sexual details in the story, but the idea and the hero&#39;s Iguchi dialogue with himself or with the sleeping beauties, it preoccupies you with any flaws. At the beginning of the novel was astonishment, in the middle of it a little boredom, and finally, a strange ending. I was expecting another ending, but that didn&#39;t diminish the beauty of the novel
A very good economic option. Calm price, air-conditioning, internet hygiene. Location, hassle-free view, to emphasize Czech out hotel colors, rooms and towels
A horrible book ... mockery:. A horror to laugh ha ha ha. I said, &quot;No, I am not a sleeper.&quot; I said I am entertaining. I read two pages from him. The spirit of the book is very beautiful. And the stars because this book made me happy:
I heard about this book and its ideas of extremism and atonement. I heard that this book is the curriculum that the Muslim Brotherhood members walked on. And when I read it, I understood very much about Islam. Sayyid Qutb explained it well. In a few words, I do not agree with Sayyid Qutb. But I will say again that people may have interpreted Sayyid Qutb’s statement about pre-Islamic society and jihad as a mistake. But the book is very cool
For the convenience address. Very classy and luxurious place, great workers and services.
After reading a novel, Mary, and my admiration for the writer’s style, which I consider to be very smart, I decided to read this novel .. Only the pomegranate tree scratched and refuted the bitter and tragic Iraqi reality ... and I lived with it the sincerest nightmares of reading
An interesting book in a simplified style, and I liked the many examples from reality for clarity and ease of application in reality
Yousry Fouda returns again to stir up the stagnant water and search again for the topic of the dialogues he had with the coordinator of al-Qaeda&#39;s military affairs and for a smuggling trip to Iraq across the Syrian border. Generally, a lot of many are called belonging to the profession of the generalist, but surely there is a big difference between the affiliate and the plaintiff. Thank you, Yousry Fouda, for your wonderful book on the path to harm. We expect more from you.
A wonderful. Painful
The book is literary. It differs a lot from the book of Ibn Al-Qayyim, Rawdah Al-Mohebeen and Nuzhat Al-Mushtaqin Here we find Ibn Hazm describing love as an objective description. Far from mostly personal judgments. And without interfering religion in an unacceptable way. But with a high objectivity
The most beautiful book I have read so far
Luxury .. its luxury .. calm. Frankly, it is one of the most luxurious cleaning hotels in it. It is complete at the entire room level. Quick service. Daily housekeeping really deserves your stay to be permanent. There is no ..
Here I am walking towards the land of the poem: a visitor? Returning? A refugee? A citizen? A guest? I don’t know
Do not reconcile .... a wonderful poem ... satiated my anger .... do not reconcile. And if you stand against your sword all the elders. And the men filled with cracks. Those who love porridge taste. And riding slaves. Those whose turbans hang over their eyes. And their Arab swords had forgotten the years of glory. No reconciliation. It is only that you want. You are the knight of this only time. And only you .. mutants
Wonderful. Everything is good, especially near the campus. The rooms share a locked door between them, which contributes to inconvenience
I finished reading the novel &quot;The Bamboo Stalk&quot; a few days ago, and it was a truly wonderful novel, starting with its different narrative about everything that I previously read, the pleasure of its simple narration, its light language, far from complexity, and the writer&#39;s creativity in moving easily between two lands, two peoples and two cultures .. The novel tells the story of Jesus or Jose born to a father A Kuwaiti married his Filipino maids, who forcibly returned her son to the Philippines to spend the first sixteen years of his life preparing psychologically and mentally for the day when he will return to his original land to the place he belongs to according to her opinion to Kuwait, to begin after the trip of Jose, who carries a Filipina and Kuwaiti citizenship trip Returning to the homeland and trying to integrate and build ties with his family and homeland, and his dreams begin to crash slowly in the face of the painful reality and harsh community .. An interesting journey that brings you with it for research, reflection and meditation .. Are we better than the Issa family that uttered it for fear of gossip? What is the use of all these complications, titles, classifications, and rulings that we burden each other without mercy and without success? But the journey is not confined to the search for identity and belonging to the homeland, but extends beyond it to search for the soul and for God, and I conclude with a quote from the most beautiful phrase Jesus said: In my right ear the call to prayer is raising, in my left ear the church bells ring. In my nose the smell of incense of Buddhist temples settles, departed from the sounds and smell, and turned to the reassuring heartbeat of my heart, so I knew that God..Here ... deserved five stars with merit.
How do you make a novel that leaves all your prayers arrayed on the pages of your heart ... with one of the prayers of Taraweeh .. To find yourself calling all martyrs of massacres the tears of the eye .. Abu Muhammad and Umm Ali .. and all the other names that you do not know .. and that made you carry on your back all this history The heavy .. to find that your history extends with the blood of all these ... to what extent has the brutality of Zionism reached ... to what extent will you carry her neck and the burden of this humanity ... How can we forget? To forgive? How
very good . The reception service is excellent. nothing
A book written in every sense of the word .. It tells the life of the Messenger, the best of creation .. Prayers and peace be upon him whole in an interesting way that makes you feel that you are living at that time and you see it before your eyes .. And it makes you know more about the Messenger and about his life and his generous morals ... in the utmost magnificence and accuracy in the description. An effort to thank the writer, Amr Khaled, should thank him for his creativity.
Ahmed Al-Gashmari. Convenience and cleanliness, as well as a comfortable smile among our employees there ... the restaurant is not good.
The hotel is great. Location, cleanliness, handling. Inconvenience in terms of reminders at the time of check-out ... they call you from the hour in the morning with the threat of paying an additional amount if the hour exceeds
An excellent hotel and close to tourist places. It was a great, great hotel, close to all important tourist areas. Any place you can visit in less than minutes. Special thanks to the hotel manager Mr. Ayoub for respect and great service. I did not expect that this price.
Perfect hotel. Hygiene, product quality, prompt activation of orders. Early cleaning of rooms during presence and sleep
A hard number book, thanks Omar Taher
Exceptional. I recommend staying in it.
He rides his motorcycle. They broke through the gas and lead barrier. Approaching a wounded .... stops. Bend to it, hold it .... they fall together ...... He had two eyes. From a minute, and him. Now one ..... And every bullet chooses a grave for it. Chest or eye ...... Behind the first barrier .... She was standing with us .... She was resisting bullets with stones .... I heard one behind me saying:. We want men from her clay ..... Idiots. They give us glory .... a gift .... in a bullet ...... By God, help and revenge ...
A brief book to describe the prayers of the Prophet in a simple way and, God willing, read the original book
I see him as one of the best books that I have read this year, in which Plato narrates the last days of Socrates&#39; life through four positions, including the position of Euphron and the controversy of piety, and the definition of piety and this Socratic debate that begins from a point and goes through several stages and may return to the same point Once again, which is the continuation of the question .. In defense, I saw Socrates how much if he knew that he would reach the end someday and if it was delayed somewhat, there are many who hate to think about what is taken for granted they want to get rid of him, and claimed that he teaches young people to be atheists With the gods of Athena and the rebellion teaches them about the laws of Athena and the story continues, But despite that, Socrates clarified his idea and defended himself as a philosopher and recounted his life in short sentences. Of course, Socrates was sentenced to death by drinking poison .. The third scene comes where one of Socrates&#39; friends and students claims to be a Qatari who offers to escape from his prison, and has arranged Everything and only keeps the implementation. But Socrates refuses, as he explained to him that throughout his life he has been calling on his disciples to respect the laws and now he is breaking them? And if he escapes, will he be able to complete his philosophical path and give the disciples what is in his possession and talk about the proverb as he escaped from death, where is his credibility? The fourth and final scene is the hours before death, in which Socrates spoke with his students about the immortality of the soul and the mortality of the body, and does the soul perish in the end? He believes that the soul will transfer from one body to another in order to purify or decay, and here it appears that the Indian doctrines are influenced by Greek philosophy. And continues to talk about the soul and opposites and give examples for ease, and the scene ends with Socrates&#39; doses of poison .. Plato managed to show Socrates in the best pictures. A book worth reading.
The first destination in Jeddah. It will always be my first destination.
A book worth reading many times, as if it was written weeks ago and not a year ago.
I will be back there again. The staff and staff are very cool and you will come back there again.
More than a wonderful novel. I was amazed at the writer&#39;s ability to photograph with words. And eloquent portrayal of the characters by some insects and marine creatures. Essa&#39;s writings were greatly influenced when he spoke about himself, directing his words to Kuwaiti society. I liked the likeness of Laissa&#39;s fish to the small fish that can freely move through the fish net. I learned a lot about the Philippines and I knew nothing more about them than it is the first country in exporting trained butler services
Many have described this book with a very comprehensive short sentence. How to make a terrorist. And the sentence actually describes the book well. Where the events revolve around Fakhr Al-Din who has learned to think and serve those around him with what he learned and not to walk with the general trend in his time especially if this trend takes corruption as a path and even an end. But it is a country of injustice that fears for itself even just being able to think and make decisions. In my opinion, Fakhruddin in the book did not turn into a terrorist. He just stops thinking. Here, Izz al-Din Shukri created the writer to present you with a very, very distinct personality, capable of planning and management as best he is. However, this character at the same time does not have the queen of thinking. A genius without mind, a sentence without meaning, made the author here meaning and pictures alive. This novel was a real pleasure, and it included a few descriptions of jihadist operations as described in the descriptions of the life of this group, and the author added in the footnotes of the book that some of these descriptions, especially technical ones, are actually taken from studies, data and real confessions about these groups. An important book I recommend
Most interesting simply The Nihom explains how the three Abrahamic religions viewed women based on the scriptures as being the only reliable reference in this historical and religious aspect. Perhaps the book missed a little bit of neutrality, as it was a defense in the first place for those successive charges from the West against the oppression of Islam for women. It was my explanation in the first place that the Qur&#39;an is completely different from its explanations, and what I liked most about the book is that Nihum does not have convictions and somehow tries to persuade us of his ideas, but like During his book, the reader tries to reach the truth, and he never knows which result will reach in the end ... The studies touched on various topics related to women, and I very much enjoyed the comparison of the different stories of Eve, Judaism, Christianity, and Muslim .. I read the parts that relate to Eve more than once, I kept wondering, is the pain of the first Already Dah divine punishment? Do Christians and public Jews believe that? When reading the texts of the Torah that were included in the book, it is stated that Eve is the only guilty in her descent with her husband to the earth, and pays the birth pains the price of her sin in urging Adam to take the apple of the tree of life .. In Judaism, Eve is condemned and mentioned this several times in very explicit texts. And that it is less arranged than a man and is dependent on his will, that is, it is a creature that is not integrated in itself except for the condition that it is subject to this will .. I will multiply your pain and sorrows greatly, and you will give birth to children with pain alone, and your life will be subject to the will of your husband, and your husband will continue to be the ruler over you. Frankly, birth pains are a divine punishment for a woman and her rank has fallen to you N is subject to the husband and in Christianity, in the Bible were not Eve is the only condemnable but confirmed what the Bible said about the fact that the pain of childbirth as a divine punishment more multiply fees Hablk, Baloja boys give birth. And to your man is your longing. And it is necessary for you to form: As for the Qur’an, the Qur’an does not mention that it is condemned in any verse in an explicit text as before .. Each of them has opinions on this story, but I believe that God created man is not immune to mistakes and knows beforehand that they will bring the tree closer and that happened by their will I do not think it would be wise at all for them to be tormented by God and the generations following them. The price of this error is due to birth pains or other things, since Paradise was not from the beginning of the children of Adam. And God knows that .. In the impure conversation that the three Abrahamic religions differed slightly in regard to women not purified during their menstruation and in the postpartum period, in separate proportions ... where it is expected that the Jewish religion was the most extremist in their assumption defiling everything that sits or sleeps on it as a dog or more impure From the dog. I do not think that it is reasonable for a person to be considered a sin if he was subjected to a normal menstruation period, or in the Qur’an, so God mentioned and ask you about menstruation. Say it is harmful, so they will retire women in menstruation and do not bring them close until they purify ... God did not suggest that a woman is an unclean being and keeping away from her is hate in her uncleanness. Cohabitation with them in their menstruation is harmful for them and for them ... The evidence that purification is by intention and valid even with tayammum if there is no water .. As for life matters when referring to the conditions of vow in the Torah and linking its acceptance with the consent of the man is clear evidence of the lack of confidence of the clergy in the woman and her mind Considering that she does not know the limits of her ability and is subject to taking steps Emotional impulsive, unless the man to tighten control of these steps. These laws protect men and their inheritance in the first place and do not protect anyone else. I mean the explicit contradiction between the three books in these matters is nothing but a sign of a distortion that has happened with certainty .. Then that the inheritance is clear evidence that the racist laws in the Torah have absolutely nothing to do with the sky, in which the inheritance of God&#39;s Jewish children is fertile fields, and that he blessed them and They were forbidden to mix with other barbarian races, and that travel was emptied, which is sixty-six chapters to distribute land among Jews only. And women, because they are condemned by the greatest sin, have been permanently excluded from inheritance in a terrible racist way ... except in the absence of a brother for them, they are divided equally among females, i.e. simply, they are divided among male children only, or only by females. The Torah also grossly tried to preserve the inheritance by seeking the woman to marry the closest of her cousins, meaning that she had no other option to marry by choosing her. It is not permissible for the inheritance to be transferred outside the tribes of the chosen people. How can a mind understand that these laws are from God .. Perhaps in the Qur’an and this is another positive point for it is not a bias but it is the first heavenly religion that called for the sharing of the inheritance between males and females together as even the Church quoted the system from the Torah And in addition to the fact that the Qur’an did not forget the parents ’share in the inheritance, too, with unequal shares, but it thus called for heavenly justice. It is known that equality is not justice, and justice is not equality .. In my opinion, a male in nature, like all other animals, has a need for inheritance The economic aspect is more than the female . The fact that he is the one who takes care of the economic aspect of providing housing is sustenance .. As for divorce, it surprised me that the Torah is a woman less than a dog, her husband can with a paper to divorce her and has no right in the children or in the house or anything. And it does not seem that these laws in the Torah provide for any heavenly justice between the spouses, but rather to deny women a condemnation of their simplest rights to life which is stability .. As for the Bible: he paid attention to the dilemma in which the Jews fell and tried to save himself by prohibiting absolutely divorce until the fifth century Ten, which made the matter of marriage very complicated and difficult, so it is necessary for the husband and wife to complete their lives together even if their situation is intolerable ... As for the Qur’an: God permitted separation in the event that neither of the two parties reached an agreement, or as mentioned by the jurists By dissolving the marriage contract, they differed on trivial details between them .. The difference in theories of books is clear in my view Extreme Torah women considered the private property of men can expel whenever he wants, the text of the Gospel which goes to the other end linking the couple linked inextricably under any circumstances, the Koran and the lawful divorce and make a final solution in front of the couple. It may show every difference is a reform of the mistakes of previous solutions, as the Bible tried to stabilize the woman and prohibited her divorce no matter what happened, and when they faced problems later in this solution, divorce was resolved as a final solution and it is the most logical solution .. In the end when mentioning the story of polygamy .. I think that The debate on this topic has become boring with time, and a debate is totally useless with fanciers, and no matter how much it tries to clarify an important point that clerics have tried to ignore for hundreds of years, it is negated in the rest of the verse to deliberately brief polygamy because the condition that God put in polygamy is impossible to apply And God mentioned it himself and in the same verse. Because justice in emotion in particular is difficult for the human self to apply, even if it is keen on that. And you will not be able to be fair among women, and if you take care, what does a man want to hear from God more to make sure that polygamy is totally disliked by God? Being fundamentally contrary to human nature. As for if he had taken the excuse of mentioning polygamy in itself, it was according to the nature of the culture at the time when they were marrying ten or more, so God’s message was soft trying to restore man to the nature of his true path .. Then we ended up talking about man and woman, so the idea of equality between man and woman is an idea other than Logical and perhaps unjust to women a little, and I do not disagree with what Al Nihom mentioned about the different goals and functions and their contradiction with the application of the idea of equality between men and women, but I think that there should be a field and freedom for women to choose their own jobs and define their goals without society making them a narrow corridor No doors are open at all. It is well known that the nature of all animals except for some types of fish divides their functions according to their gender, as the female has birth and care, and the male receives it is economic management .. and that matter has nothing to do with religion mainly but with nature and before religions exist at all .. what now? As for the mention of women sitting with men on the seats of study, and trying to equalize and study the same curricula that were given to men, I do not see a defect in which they differed with Nihom on this point, but I think the abolition of religion shares in the West over time, because the Bible has become a retro book has no place between Science and development, I see that they have completely forgotten the moral aspect of religion, which is the primary purpose of religion in the first place, so there was a great lack of morals with the terrifying statistics that were mentioned in that period last century, which indicate the decline towards the wrong direction, a balance must be struck between science and morality .. The situation that they reached Maq Too much gossip, but this does not mean that the countries in which Arab women imprisoned inside that house are better off, I do not think that here it is possible to compare, each of them is bad in a special way .. In the end I repeat that the book is not an attempt to persuade more than it gives information and It reveals facts that many may not know about, the book is an attempt to find solutions by presenting the problems that women experienced as a first stage towards a solution. I advise everyone to look at it, to shorten it and the fullness of its information, my assessment of the book is stars .. In conclusion, I see that a woman should be liberated a little, to have the freedom to choose the paths of her life and focus on the educational aspect .. so choosing to become a prostitute does not mind him even if she covers all Cloaks of the world .. So the solution lies in focusing on culture and ethics in education instead of studying the quorum of camel zakat and the amount of zakat due in it, I mean to give up the Wahhabi hypocrisy and try to contemporary the world a little bit with
Great for families. Quiet and very very very suitable for families and who is looking for comfort .. Nothing
My story with him: that while reading a book that talks about the art of the short story and flipping through its pages, I found a story called the song of rain for a writer named Yahya Al-Taher Abdullah and I did not know him yet and I did not read the story, it was just a passing page during the random flipping .. And after several days I visited the permanent exhibition of the book body I saw a book: Complete Works: Yahya Al-Taher Abdullah. Of course, I only knew from the title of the passing story. I bought the book and read several stories, but I did not find the story of the rain chant that I knew about the writer through and from the index. I knew it was a typographical error. I went the next day to replace the book. Many do not know this creator. And when I returned to the book of the art of the story and read the chant of rain for the second time: I found that the writer mentioned it to include it in the bad stories that should not be followed in the footsteps of its many Kanats and marveled: How the writer got into it for the printing press but stated that Yahya Al-Taher Abdullah of the unique writers in his field cut off his goodness. His poetic style is characterized by being easy to refrain from his distinguished language that harnesses his words to serve his goal in an innovative way .. When I read his two similar stories: images of water, soil and the sun, the old facts are valid for surprising; Humor and what a style similar to our nature we Egyptians .. When we talk about literary works that narrate the rural life in Upper Egypt difficult with its tragedies and cruelty, it must stop before this giant who was able to highlight that difficult life in all its details as stated in the story of the ring and the bracelet .. Pray the prince until he sleeps words that are not enough for me. This is an anecdotal set of stories in which Yahya Al-Taher excelled. Whatever creativity he mixed the folklore with symbolism, then he brought out the most wonderful stories .. I do not know what he would do. But it is the will of God Almighty. These are the complete works of a nomad writer, and he is still in forty years of amazement with her beauty. It is rare for you to find complete works for a writer of this creativity at this young age ...
good. . The tool is bad
Wonderful trip Wonderful trip, lined up excellent, great service, excellent level of rooms, great view, sea service, diving, people and fish are excellent and very safe for children Swimming pools, characterized by calm at night and has a reception to sit with the family Excellent level and feel as if you are At home, I hope to repeat this trip again at this hotel
Wonderful, excellent service. Wonderful in every sense of the word. It is not a hotel for the first row of the campus and its distance from women&#39;s gates
Another creative masterpiece for the glorious Ahmed Khairy Al-Omari. The novel belongs to the quality of fantasia, where it conjures up the story of Wah, peace be upon him, and the society wearing the modern dress. To show the extent of delusion and delusion that our modern world is experiencing
Excellent. the place. nothing
You, reader Shahryar, fall prey to a genius that ascends, and you are not greeted by love from the Shahnameh, Khosrow, and Shereen to Jalaluddin Rumi to Ahmed Shamlo, up to Dara and Sara. love story. Even in the splendor and charm of Khosrau and his Armenian girlfriend, but you read a complete and incomplete love with his deficiency, it remains a land, and the bodies of those who dare to love and dwarf people fall upon it. I became involved with the writer with a passion for what he wanted and did not want to write, even as you are practicing self-censorship over what you read from the lines of the novel.
Istanbul memories and the city. In this book, old Istanbul attends, it recounts its memories and memories of that child who recorded the moments and places of his parents’s permanent quarrels and the markets that he went with his mother and the fields he passed through, yesterday&#39;s child is the novelist Orhan Pamuk Nobel Prize for Literature for a year. He talked about his sorrow, his education, his first love, and many memories .... Quotes from the book:. Self-reflection, even once in a lifetime, leads us to examine the circumstances of our birth. Why were we born in this corner of the world and in this particular time? These families that we were born in, these countries and cities that made our share of our destiny, expect love from us and we love them in the end from the bottom of our hearts, but did we deserve the best? We have to remember that the primary goal of a landscape painter is to awaken in the scenes the same feelings that the landscape raised in the artist himself .. I understood that the place they call school does not contribute to answering the most profound questions of life, but its main function is to prepare us for a life protective in all its brutality Politics .. It can be said that the main thing that I learned in school is that it is not enough to accept the realities of life without questioning about it, you must be surprised by its beauty as well .. the slums are as important as the tourist scenes .. those miserable ruins have now vanished, giving Istanbul its soul. But when you discover the spirit of the city in its ruins, and you see that these ruins reflect the essence of the city, you must have traveled on a long, complex path in which the symptoms of history are scattered .. Those who enjoy the occasional beauty of poverty and historical analysis, who see among us the wonderful scene in ruins .. They always come from abroad.
Yummy Yummy, frankly, the superiority of Hardee&#39;s on Mac and Kodo.
good. Very clean, and the problem in parking lots is very narrow, and you must hit the wall if you want to park a car in the lower parking spaces.
Why did they knock the walls of the tank
If there were above the five stars, I would have given them all the books of Dr. Khaled Abu Shadi ... And this book is especially right for us to read from time to time.
good. . The smell of the bed and the pillows is noisy
Thanks to the staff and especially the hotel manager. The location of the apartment and its area is very nice. The access to the car park is easy access to the hotel. The swimming pool is small, the soundproofing is insufficient, there is an audio leak, the floor tiles will not be up to the standard of the hotel if it is changed to the burki.
He asks anyone who lacks composure, saying: Who is behind this conspiracy? Who will benefit? He must find an enemy, a conspirator, and the woe is all woe to those who cannot find an enemy that he conspires, and he will end up feeling himself guilty. And if you feel guilt, you will invent a conspiracy, but more than one. To face it, you must also organize your plot, your plan. And whenever you invented plots of enemies, to relieve yourself of lack of understanding, you liked these plots very much, and therefore your plots weave the same pattern
Always wonderful adham Sharqawi
Copthorne is awesome. Room and balcony service. Everything is nice, I wish they could improve the menu in the room service and allow for a more varied breakfast
The soul is the subject and it is the battle field and the place of affliction and the worldly test paper and the religion is required to elevate this breath and raise it from the lusts of the abdomen and vulva and from the lusts of collection and hoarding from the fever of the show and arrogance and pride in order to have a superior love is the values and perfumes and one idol is the collector of all these perfumes .. and we Everywhere we meet, we do not agree, we shake hands, and each one turns his heart on a grudge, and each of us has declared himself an independent and sovereign state, and we are clashing every day with the six thousand million individuals who inhabit this planet .. The substance and abundance did not bring us closer, but it blew up in us the love of interest, love of interest Hoarding and the desire to Collection and I blew up the debased self-Emara animal sensuality that wish endless. Each of us has become just an insatiable hunger .. And this idiot turned me into a thick, bitter wall separating us .. And each of us no longer hears but himself .. The dialogue turned into speech from one side because the other does not hear .. How do we rise above this that I do and overcome it To the highest level of our souls .. this is the problem? How do we go beyond the personal interest to the higher values and the most comprehensive ideals .. The formal religiosity ... and faith in the tongue .. and morality is not a solution, but what is required is the belief of taste and drinking and principles that mix with passion and embrace up to the bone marrow .. what is required is debt that reaches the height of the existential crisis that changes The owner and his brother-in-law to bring him out of his animality to his humanity .. It seems that the whole world is going to this existential crisis and is coming to this painful labor .. The next spiritual stage will not be born except through material failure .. and true Islam will not be born from mere formalities such as the launch of the beard Or shortening the dress, but it is a global ordeal Huge people melt in the furnace of torment until their minerals are purified, their membranes dissolve, and their insights open .. and every copy of our souls is created by God as a fingerprint, very special, highly specific, non-reproducible, and not globalizable .. It is the same that is unparalleled in its secret and its specificity .. It shines and glows like a jewel whenever Maintained this privacy, did not melt, did not globalize and did not become common .. It is one of the most wonderful paragraphs in this book. God bless you, Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud
Excellent. Breakfast is excellent. The price of the stay is very high room with lounge supposedly real
Love the messaging style.
The name must be changed to. Shame of the Arabs. Very enjoyed it
A group of philosophical stories, most of which revolve around the orbit of the relationship between man and God and Satan .... My evaluation has stars
Do not remember, in the memory lies pain
He took me away ... some of his words touched me very gracefully ... the touch of her grief and her paper ... and her lack of a clear and sweet homeland. Remove ... impossible possibilities ... confusion ... nets ... all fresh, fast and wonderful. Hand over, Susan:
I liked it very .. The way the idea was presented .. The dialogue between the two characters is very realistic and similar to the realities of our lives .. For some time I have tended to Sinestram and at other times to Yossa .. both are convincing .. Their desires only .. until the concept has become cloudy has no clear and explicit definition in practice ... the story is great. I hope to read you more soon ... continue to reconcile ..
A new reading of articles by Bilal Fadl, most of which I read in the constitution and the sunrise ... Bilal Fadl was one of the biggest instigators against the Mubarak regime for the younger generation with his light articles in its bellicose language in its meanings and value ... his wit helped his writings reach our generation ... a book more than great :
very good. Everything is sweet. The buffet price is very high
good. The rooms are beautiful, the furniture fresh. A little far from the campus, there is no WiFi service for the rooms
good. Not at the required level. Street congestion and no entertainment services
Very cool .. very very realistic .. I liked it very very very .. Despite the gloom, he managed to express it in astonishing and realistic ...
Sheikh Ghazali’s method is great, the style of presentation is wonderful, knowledgeable from Qur’anic hadiths and verses, with a full and easy explanation. Do not tire the readers of this book again and again and want to keep every word in it hard. It is a masterpiece book. . .. .. God have mercy on Sheikh Muhammad Al-Ghazali. And put this book in the balance of its good deeds
good. . The place of the hotel restaurant
good. Good reception and special when you receive your car and return it in record time. The high price of the hotel
The car&#39;s steak size is very small compared to adults.
Set up Chrome news. Tranquility of the place, warmth of the pool, reception staff and spacious chests with free breakfast. Eating the restaurant inside the rooms is very high and the chef is bad
I read the trilogy and I did not exceed the age of fifteen after it blew up great written springs. I love the language of dreams in all of them:
When I watched the Oscar-winning movie, twelve years of slavery. I told myself that this film is a great novel. Druze Belgrade is this novel
The first story I read to Tawfiq al-Hakim was to imagine that I do not understand a need and the method will remain difficult. But the first shock of it when I read the novel and found it very simple. I was shocked when I learned the history of the novel from its capacity and the countryside has problems of its capacity and terrible gaps in the laws and the judiciary of its capacity and in its cosmos and favoritism and its capacity and Ibn Al-Zabal does not stay in the parliament and the people were surprised by the statement of the Minister of Justice. The novel, Saddam, summarizes the reality that exists in many people who do not care about the growth of people&#39;s ignorance
Another form of Hitchcock I knew the director Hitchcock and loved his art through strong fingerprints and put it very professionally, making everyone who watches his works confirm that there is a distinct directing style and a specific artistic approach that presents an art defending beautiful cinematic things through which he was able to mix horror with romance and tragedy with comedy. All of his fans and fans will not disagree with me about that, but when I watched the girl’s movie by director Julian Garold floundered in everything I knew about him; I was unable at the outset to determine the features of his personality, was this genius really the product of a marginally complex and psychologically distracted character, and that his sense and audacity were Just an intellectual hallucination x He flew on him, and through the movie story, which revolves around the actress Tippy Hydrin and her relationship with the international director Alfred Hitchcock and how he managed to train her to act, and the continuation of their relationship at the time when Hitchcock was linked to his wife who supported him a lot, mixing all this with Hitchcock&#39;s strong love for his wife, she managed to reveal some facts Even if it was just personal opinions developed by the screenwriter Johns Hughes when she presented an interesting dialogue that shows Hitchcock in a psychopathic image that his artistic works dominated and affected his personal life, so during that time he covered his filming of films with complex souls, birds and how he exploited the emerging actress Betty sexually protective A mother with a relationship. She managed in a smooth manner and an easy narrative sequence of penetration into the lives of the heroes to present a realistic picture of them, and although the story is interesting and makes everyone who watches it condone the focus in the representative performance of the heroes, the performance of the actor Toby Jones was surprising, and managed with his facial expressions to imitate Hitchcock, and everyone who Hitchcock knows or has heard recorded conversations find Jones&#39; voice so close to him, and actress Sienna Miller has also managed to play Betty in Birds until you imagine the documentary film was already filmed while Hitchcock directed the movie. There may be some loopholes that have not affected work in general, but whoever realizes it discovers weaknesses that have inadvertently fallen off, such as camera movement and clearly affecting faces.
good. Close to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque and good hotel cleanliness. Clean furniture. The suite is spacious and beautiful. High price
Exceptional. The hotel is very great and the deal is more than great. All the staff are very friendly and helpful. Internet is not free. Eating in the restaurant is expensive
Professor Baha, you are very creative and proficient. She waited two years for her decisions. You bought me a long story. Dear Bahaa Taher, thank you, thank you
Although the novel does not contain clear benefits, but I can say it has an attractive genius .. very different. Its events are totally unexpected. Honestly, Damaaaaag
Emirates Palace address of rest and relaxation. Breakfast and service in all the hotel facilities are fancy, and I wish you success ... after the distance from the entrance gate to the rooms, due to the large size and size of the hotel ..
If the opportunity arises, I will return to him, God willing. Beds, room services. A little distance from the Haram, as it is the last of the constellations, away from the Haram
This is almost the best I&#39;ve read to Najeeb:
The first thing you knew about me was an pure age ... even though I objected to the subject matter ... but it was one of the most interesting books that I had the most pleasure while I was reading it ... and who could read it again without getting bored ..
When Sufism takes you from the world to fly in the sky of the Kingdom:
. Fast check-in, cleanliness, distinctive performance of employees, rapid response, comfort and calm, a new hotel, I advise everyone to try it. nothing
Dar Al Eiman Hotel. Location. Unavailability of the room before four in the afternoon, keeping the bags in the secretariats in a rudimentary way
First, the positive aspects:. The novel is more than wonderful, a massive depiction of reality before and after the revolution, and a depiction of the extent of ignorance and poverty that many people lived in. I liked it more than I felt it was touching. Reality with all its internal feelings, and this appeared in describing the inner feeling of each personality, and the idea that it combines thought and emotion is an appropriate way to describe events, especially since it talks about the suffering of a class of people. Second, the negative aspects:. Overlap of characters. It means talking about Mustafa, one time on Issam, and then two Alaa. And this is in my hand a sense of disorientation. But the idea is very attractive and is a realistic drama from contemporary Egyptian life
I will definitely stay again. Cleanliness, staff, discretion and free parking with valet parking. The price is somewhat high. Restaurants and outside cafes are closed for restoration. There is no bathroom hose that does not fit our customs
Really curve of happiness to read:
good. The location is close to the women&#39;s chapel and provides limited underground parking. Pay attention to clean rooms as possible
The book simulates the story of a student at a university and the events of the terrifying room and its residents, and ends up with ........
You need a lot of meditation
The novel summarized the situation of the Arab peoples. The ruling and opposition regimes and their struggle for power and people are increasingly ignorant and poor
I imagined the land of Mendoza. I imagined an embrace of Khawla Laissa. I dreamed of Ali Mirla. I imagined everything was not breathtaking in the novel but there was something that made me not leave it. His suffering and misery. Perhaps we have found ourselves in various places with Jose. ... or my love. Or Jose. Or Jose
I thank Mr. Rami, the front office manager, for the hospitality. I thank the staff, and in particular, Mr. Rami Talal Abu Saber, Director of the Front Office, for the hospitality and the welcome.
Nojoom Hotel, Nojoom. Breakfast is varied and excellent, close to important places such as King Fahd Library and Al Faisaliah Tower, hopefully they will continue at the same level.
Eating distinctive and very delicious, the disadvantage of lack of food intake and high prices
good . The location, quietness and cleanliness of the place. No restaurant
He deserves the experience. Close proximity to the Corniche and the way to treat the staff is excellent. Cleanliness of rooms and bathroom. God bless you. Their breakfast is not that standard compared to the Nojoom hotels where the breakfast is considered average
Abdallah . Everything is excellent especially for the cadres. There is no kindergarten or games room. We managed to facilitate the method of movement in satellite channels. A deposit is required to know why. Possible because I am Saudi
To bother me in the book, the last pages of it, until after the novel ... if I felt that Issam Youssef, with the police, increased. Uh, they are very honest among them, and they pay the country their blood and life. But the likes of Sharif are the most in the interior, not like Walid, unfortunately. Unfortunately, the internal prostitute is on the bed of any system ... It must be kept as such, a tool of repression. Many hours unfairly like Walid. Unfortunately, the bad is good and good. On the whole as a novel it is more than wonderful. I hope that the Ministry of Interior excels and knows that the system is not the most durable, and in the past you have crossings.
very wonderful. A series consisting of five stories of a very smart computer virus .. It tells his experience in every story with the virtual world of the Internet .. In each story, a new experience with exciting events and a great end will shock you. The series, which is one of the most successful works of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq.
Gorgeous . . Eating them needs improvement
The course of the story carries with it the meaning of the innate human characteristics that did not happen to be touched by the sediments of society and not the limitations of humanity. Through the personality of Zorba, that elderly person unleashes its insides without the slightest restriction, the human species that stands in the face of societal customs and its provisions has been highlighted. The precedent, because his belief in his principles and dedication in spreading it away from artifact, made him enter the category of exclusivity and distinction in order to ensure that for his own particularity that distinguishes him from the rest of the individuals .. And as it is recognized, the stories and narrations, even if they are from the fabric of imagination, are almost devoid of messages He wants to direct the writer to his readers in order to address a specific topic or theme Once upon a time, and what any reader can reach after he finishes turning the pages of the author is that knowledge is important, but the experience remains the most important, as the character of Zorba, who is an illiterate man who does not understand knowledge, is something she was able to subtle and in contact with life experiences to inspire her friend, the narrator who destroyed His youth in accompanying books, which the latter was unable to enjoy, and it is the fact that the writer excelled in passing it to his readers.
It befits you black, and befits all females, or rather let us say that black is worthy of all the beauties. Mostaghanemi, when your pen breaks into my days, I deserve the merit of his patient, crazy, you don&#39;t make mistakes.
Novel novel, exquisite, exquisite, I will write about it later
The vitality of the world of Naguib Mahfouz, who is tired of it A very representative model of his work, and almost a summary of it .. In the end, it is a fun novel
If it hadn&#39;t been for her money, I would have performed stars, I would have saved it in intermittent hours by taking myself from the events. A lot more from Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, especially Fantasia, and I don&#39;t see that this is a pure defect. And what I liked most is the bad humor that speaks to him with a sense that I will get this cutie and the thing is because I love the old entities or in another novel. I hope the second part attracts me so much
A couple with their young children. The reception manager, especially Brother / Counseling, is of Indian nationality, very kind and helpful with everyone. The receptionist is an Indian nationality, I did not know his name, but he provoked me to impose himself and settle movements on a receptionist who is respected from East Asia
This book is wonderful and interesting in every sense of the word
We wish you from best to best. The reception staff are very courteous and the restaurant is clean and delicious. The smell of the bathroom and the baggage workers were not helpful
. Hotel cleanliness, dealing with staff, meeting requests, checking your requests after completing them by the employees, by contacting you if you got what you asked for or not. Excellent service. Calling you out of the room after the specified time. I arrived at the hour in the morning and did not enter the room except the hour: At the time of the exit I asked them to stay until the hour and they refused. Generally the hotel is by all standards excellent and my family
A useful book, only to some extent. However, the doctor was faulted because he explained all suspicions by explaining them mentally and humanly, as he admitted in the first book, which contains a spiritual part. I liked the topic that the helm of the conversation turned on the atheist in the end
Suitable and excellent especially for men. Away from the entrances to the sanctuary for women.
Exceptional. Dealing. Disturbance and noise from adjacent rooms, toilet plumbing noise
The restaurant is more than awesome .. they ate delicious and the service was amazing
good . The calm. Congestion at reception and delay in handing over rooms, description of cars, delay in their luck
I like Youssef Zidane&#39;s writing of historical reference novels
Exceptional. The location of the hotel is sweet and I am very pleased with the reception from the hotel manager, my brother Auss, and the hotel staff. nothing
Frankly, I read it and this is Leah&#39;s first experience with Mohamed Al-Naghi, but the same topic is what attracted me, regardless of the permissibility and the words, so that he may have wonderful and sometimes amazing considerations from the novels that they do not deserve. Neji&#39;s novel. Your linguistic style is ingenious and masterpieces by all standards. Even in the dialect, when the partial came with the Sina script, it changed the dialect to the people of Sina and the Bedouins. And the language of the narration is chain and not boring at all. The novel is a first to last story, without interruption. The grain was very sweet except for one thing, but. The accident, according to his son Raad Abdel Tawab, was in Sina, because the bandits were in Sina. The hospital that moved the organs and stole them was in Cairo, in the middle of Cairo, too. The road from Sina to Central Cairo is approximately one to hours. And from the Dahab region, about hours. The human heart remains preferable for transfer after death, only hours, not more than that and in the best case. It remains very difficult to catch the heart at the time. The characters were nice and I liked the move that happened to Hatem&#39;s life. The end was somewhat expected. The only thing I like is nothing special. You entered the revolution in dialogue without any need. Other than that, I liked it very much, and I personally saved it in hours. Good luck and awaiting your next work
good. Rest site. The price is high for the hotel capabilities
The novel brought me depression
Shocking, brilliant, honest, simple, spontaneous .. are the writings of Imad Abu Saleh
Mahfouz always fascinates me in drawing his characters. But this novel is one of the best novels in drawing its characters. I liked it and always liked it. It was the first novel I read for Mahfouz and it is one of the best I have read to date
So late. The hotel is very great, the location is excellent, very close to all tourist places, the staff is professional and friendly, especially Mr. / Islam, my reservation has been upgraded to two rooms for free, although I am sure that the hotel was very crowded in that period. nothing
Wonderful, especially its realistic end
Delve deeper into the meanings of Ramadan, and the things that Ramadan brings us to taste, so that we know them and are gracious about them. They are really strong and weak bells that wake the sleepers, and warn the heedless. My favorite quotes. Because he loves you. Because he wants you to exchange love himself ... He wants you to go with him with your feet. just imagine . Among billions of people, there is a certain category which is very limited, unfortunately nowadays, God loves to wake her at dawn every day, to go to him and pray to him. On a secret date, it is almost like the night lovers&#39; dates. Perhaps the mourning will be announced in the seven heavens, and will be treated as if it were a sad love story, which ended in separation. The alarming time clocks do not believe the Fajr prayer .. It is only present for the reasons. It exists only for the comfort of the heart. If they do not wake up, you will not imagine the sorrow and depression that they will face for the rest of their day. And do not be stingy about your life? It is determined and divided, and after that you only read one part every day. The important issue is: Will Ramadan leave a mark on you, ... or will you return as you were to your previous campaigns? ... On its door is crowding, people are born again, and every year they are born again. All Ramadan and Ramadan are really Ramadan, my friend
Good services, especially transportation to and from the Great Mosque of Mecca. Service in general. nothing
good. . It is forbidden to smoke in the rooms, so that I felt like a teenager. Every little smoke
Wonderful. Calm and location. Unorganized parking
The writer puts her hand on the wound and hurts you, slapping you strongly to reconsider your life that started to sneak from between your fingers and telling you to watch that you are reaching time instead of wasting on you to take advantage of every moment in it to achieve the goal of your victory .. Forty to re-screen our lives and our decisions and think about our successes and our failures .. came at an appropriate time with the start of a new year to put a point and start.
A hotel considered suitable for the price and location and suhoor was ok. Hygiene and handling.
Exceptional. Wonderful stay and excellent staff.
Exceptional. The reception is good and the service is also good. Car service and parking
It hurt me very, very ..:. But it is a supplication of Abdul Rahman. It has some dramatic imaginations but it&#39;s generally great:
The seed of evil irritates, but the seed of good is bearing fruit, the former rises rapidly in space but its roots in the soil are close. Even to obscure the light tree and the air, but the good tree remains in its slow growth, because the depth of its roots is in. The soil makes up for warmth and air .... When we touch the good side of people, we find that there is much good, eyes may not see at first sight
Excellent. . The lack of a business room that includes computer service and printing together
very good. Reception ends the entry and exit procedure. the service
The beginning of my marriage. I liked the quiet and quiet rooms and room design and adaptation. nothing
A very deep intellectual work, very beautiful, very impressive, despite the small number of pages. I was hoping that the book would go on to reach volumes and volumes to enjoy the beautiful work .. Wait for more creations of the writer Wael Al-Khatib
A new kind of arrogant literature ... I search for the idea of alienation other than in very few parts, unlike the clear part related to autumn life, love in autumn life, and the way to deal with things. Pedro and Sabra and Shatila massacre part. Conclusion: This is Bahaa Taher, which means:
Assumed star hotel. The services are comfortable, quiet, food, quality, and delicious privacy. If only the disco door would open from outside the hotel narrow lobby
The first book I read was for me and he who fell in love with reading and knowing its beauty .. I related in his personality a bokeh to the point that I was sad for her death in the story .. I opened my eyes to what the Iraqi people were suffering from the occupation and did not show you terrible events such as some accounts and this is what distinguishes them. The novel was based on the main character from the first time she entered the school to her marriage .. The term betrayed me in describing her. One of my favorite novels
Excellent . . Lighting and dining
The hotel is more than amazing. Staff treatment, location, cleanliness ..
I loved it .. very much:. And they are not as bleak as they say. It has a lot of tenderness and beautiful containment ... I was able to let me get a tremendous amount of information without what I felt in the form of telling a story from almost five generations. Really, I changed .. I loved it .. regardless of the historical content and thinking about what has to do with the extent of adherence to belief, faith, halal, forbidden, doubts and questions in the origins of religions ... because I want words and not a month before. And there will be different opinions and paradoxes in it to the point of the dry debate ... but I liked the accurate description as if my soul was blessed with them and saw a sound view of Saad ... and the embrace of Umm Hassan ... the voice of Umm Jaafar ... and the tension on me as he spoke or silver and the eyes of bliss when he shines with joy. Aisha&#39;s moment of death. .. and many more. I was amazed that she almost gathered all the feelings in me in the whole world in the novel de ... socially, I liked the instinct to stick .. people like to love each other and do not give up on each other and no matter how many of them have qualities that are not his second impetus, but at the end he is angry with him two days and salvation:. It is true that this is not in the absolute .. But mostly .. I have very many descriptions. I would like to say it… Thank you, Razavi Ashour .. You are beautiful.
A very realistic narration that made me cry when I was reading it, and made me very sympathetic with them, and it really shows the reality of young people and reality in its addictive circle. More importantly, I stayed in her village in two days. I was reckoning the role of Salah. I felt that I was addicted and my soul was annulled. I felt that I had a mistake.
has always been. Lost is the most tired of the door of our rigidity and our existential stagnation to put us in a confrontation with the question about. Meaning, purpose, and quality. Likewise, the epic that I see did not really begin except with love and death, and it will never end unless they end. The human cry filled the vast space and then extinguished it as a fire under the ashes. With acceptance of loss and love so that he can live and implement all the limits of what is possible and that is difficult to accept death and to touch upon what exceeded the limits of the possible if possible. Let&#39;s read in their epic past. That the possibility was an assignable day and that the assignment would come a day to be possible. It is life between rejecting the end of a lover and accepting sailing in meditations, cultures, ideas and questions that are dictated by the conclusion of wisdom and knowledge that has evolved on its surface throughout human history, but it remained as it is erected with all its majesty. And her pain and its fruits in the unity of content and substance .. To her and to lose her credit and with it I will try to start clearly and transparent and purity as it was to Ankidu tears and journeys Gilgamesh and then return to a reality that still carries from the available and possible what sings him from searching for the possible and diving into nothingness .. The lines are summarized in what Sidori said. The life you are looking for will not find it. The gods did not create humans. I made death a share for them. She held life in her hands .. As for you, Gilgamesh, fill your stomach. Rejoice night and day. Make every day a holiday. Lahay dance at night and during the day. Most dangerous clean clothes. Wash your head and shower in water. Spoil your little one who holds your hand. And make your husband happier in your arms. This is the share of people in this life
My reading of the books did not go beyond the book, but the writer Paolo Quilio knew the way to reach my mind and my heart. He sails inside the characters of the novel, making your heart move and wakes up while reading his books. You find yourself in one of the characters whose story is similar to your story. You feel as if you are the person. His novel Veronica decides to die. Waiting for death to come to you, so you decided to do things you did She thinks one day of doing it and even feelings that she did not feel started to take part in this adventure, and she does not know that it was a reason to change the lives of many people around her. Madness is to resist what you hold within you, to resist yourself, the truth, to reach the level of unconsciousness, to not find yourself and the reason for your coming For this life, we are really crazy when we resist ourselves and our desire and do what others dictate or do for fear of difference, so even the foliage differs from each other from the inside, we really have to erase this fear and think for only one moment what if this The last day of my life, what would I do? Everyone is really crazy, but those who do not know that they are crazy are the craziest thing ever, they are constantly repeating what others say to them .. a novel that I strongly advise.
The book is designed in a way that makes you enjoy reading, which increases your assimilation to it, in addition to containing very impressive quotes.
Unfortunately, I see that we pass by the same conditions, even if with a less severe rhythm in the speed of events, may God cover up and do not reach the same path because unfortunately the ratio is in the number of the population that we have, and there will be bloodshed .. A sweet book and stars because I forget the names:
A beautiful book .. Easy .. It deals with the relationship as it should be between the spouses in their sweetness, softness, and love away from the contract and the pronouns that society enjoys and which our current relationships have .. You can consider it as a reference for your relationship with your partner and has a rooting for the meanings of preserving human privacy and that this does not mean at all Not to love, if it was from a conscious awareness.
In a post of a friend in which he wrote that he did not laugh while reading a book as he laughed with the book of Hilla, I did not believe him at first, because I know exactly how much the writer exaggerates when describing something. But his words aroused curiosity to read me. Laughter is a rare and pure coin, and it is like a boat in a suit that helps you to move from green to green, even if it is temporary. After going through this life, I made sure of something. It is easy for a novel to be sad, full of depression, whether existential or poetic, for in each of us is a black well, you are dark, deep, and the bucket is ready to take away the tragedies from within it until you interact with a text The novel, while the difficulty lies in making the novel laugh the reader, and this is what this novel did very well .. When I finished the first hundred pages of the novel I praised God that I read it on the laptop, I do not imagine myself being able to conceal my laughs that transcend against my will and I hold the paper novel in a place Public. As for the percent of the second page, I closed the window of my room so that the neighbors would not hear the sound of my laughter, which has become louder than normal. In the novel, you will move between the alleys of the city and the characters that you will love against your will, you will merge with them, you will understand them, you will feel that they are an integral part of you, their tongue says what your tongue could not. You will laugh a lot when you get to know the garrison of the army and the matches that take place in it, where they end with a good number of prisoners, the duration of their sentences varies according to the crime, for example, causing a penalty penalty is known, which is imprisonment for one night, while unilateral and non-registration leads to a prison for only two days. And you will laugh more when you know about the madmen of the city, the madmen of love, the madman whom you loved, the madman of the prophetic biography, that madman who raised the cost between him and God and his prophets, you see him sometimes the Prophet knocks Moses, and he blames God .. and because in my isolation I read some dry books without a soul, And another book that made me insult the mother of the writer, the son of sixty-six dogs. This novel was a gift from heaven that I did not leave. I took every opportunity to laugh, I did not prevent myself, I laughed as I did not laugh with any friend, I laughed because I know that laughter is a blessing, and it is ill-treatment with God that You repel it ... this laughter was unjust with bitterness, and the harshness of life. Laughter leaked by the people of Medina A T did not stop them anything from laughter, not Saddam&#39;s Baathist regime criminal, and the harsh life that are worsening with the passage of time. If history has two faces, an outward face and an inner face, then this novel presents a part of the inner face with all truth and without any beautification. The face that laughs and all the ugliness of life in its back, laughs so you don’t know is it crying or laughing, one of the greatest ranks is that a person can transform his sadness into something that makes fun of him, and at that time, he returns life disappointed, mocking her, after she came to make fun of him with the pain that he gave him .. The novel will arouse the ire of those who do not know the truth of Saddam Hussein and his Ba&#39;athist regime, and also it will arouse the ire of Sunnis and Shiites together. For the first time, the text puts me inside a Shiite sectarianism, in this city that consists of a mixture of Shiites, Sunnis, Christians, and Jews. Sid. Or that Sunni professor was destined to study in a Shiite town, and one day they chose him for the call to prayer, and one of them said to him: Do not forget about me, the guardian of God, because the group turns it over the head of the one who is Gabon. The professor said to him: My brother, what did we disagree about, but where did you get the most?, Before God or after? Between the prisons of Saddam Hussein, which ignites the jealousy of the Communist intellectual and the depth or the massacres that were prepared for the Communists and the townspeople, to Sami Shandal as he hammered the metal tube that runs along the roof of the bus :. My brothers and sisters continue to ring. My brothers and sisters, please pay attention .. He continues to sound until everyone is silent. Aku, problems threatening world peace :. Some people shout their faces to hear the engagement for the 100th time. The first problem is the crisis of the Bay of Pigs, which God did not walk well. John Kennedy withdrew the missiles, and a free and independent Cuba remained, thanks to us, and we drink tea ... ...... The second problem: Vietnam and General Jaap do the duty, and therefore I hope not to worry, it is in control and global peace From the bottom of the page, there is no fear for it ... ... The third problem, which is the most serious, is the scrap problem on Thursday, which means today ... ...... Of course, whenever I want to go to the one I cut, a card, I will see the text of a dinar, and if His human feeling is awake, he will come out for a quarter, and if four come out of this growth, you will get rid of scrap and I will cry, and shouting will answer the mistake, and the mistake will answer the causes It is necessary to come and see the boksat .. The hour of the hour will be the problem of the Bay of Pigs and Vietnam is a second degree problem if the boks work in this bus carrying a number and heading to the city of Hilla Al Fayhaa .. and accordingly .. here the tone of the loudest voice rises to the end..Each one rises fils Do not increase or decrease in order to preserve friendship, kin, brotherhood .. and world peace.
A trip to Dubai. Cleanliness of the hotel. nothing
Wonderful. Reception. The gym is very weak, incomplete, and inconveniencing children
Fun. Cleanliness of the place. Distance from the campus and difficult access
A very realistic novel from a page, through which the writer discusses the problem of the new racism that we live in our daily lives and is not a racist color, but rather a new racism drawn by the customs and appearances and prestige of some of the world, although all religions say that there is no difference between one person and another, for a problem It is not a problem of religion, but rather it is a problem of society and manifestations that we have grown up with ... This new racism may fight you in obtaining your livelihood, it may strip you of your identity from your homeland, your family may deny you because you are different in form or features and if you belong to the same country and have been created on the same Dirt and my experience with your blood veins blood .... the novel is very realistic and enjoyable, interspersed with situations Revh, the plot is very court thought the first writer Shi Saud hehehehe a Filipino writer can through his style to maintain your passion Belkrah from the first page to the last page. I give the novel a rating /
More than a wonderful novel .. I concluded on a day:. But I am still in my opinion ... even if the society is currently ugly and the morals degenerate .. So the embodiment of the situation was not supposed to be in gruesome details every time the reader clashes with lines carrying cheap sexual overtones and if it serves the story as a whole.
Exceptional. Everything special ... everything
Kempinski Emirates Mall. Everything is very nice, the staff is very helpful, the hotel location is very good, the place is also safe and the service is luxurious. The price is really overrated and you can reduce the price and the hotel has really expensive food and drinks
Beautiful stay. The cooperation of the staff is very excellent. The price and the massage are very expensive
very good. . Not having his seat. Café. melliferous
well . Hadi and Ayli Hotel. Guests do not enter
Excellent. Wonderful. Unavailability of a position
A / Muhammad Sadiq .. You have many respects .. I do not know frankly I speak of the many beauty that I visited .. I personally love the unhappiness and gloom .. The novel captivated me as it really captivated me .. I was tired, laughed, smiled, I gave up .. excuse me, I could not speak About the novel I am not good enough to talk about the magnificence I read like this and indeed the rest of the rest I was afraid to save it with the heart of the paper very slowly so that I could not get rid .. Am I Taha strange? .. Speaking is not enough, but I can say that it will make me happy to be one of the writers of a writer, God willing. His novels will remain world-class, and God willing, one of the best international novels will also be ... A / Muhammad Sadiq, and you have many of my estimates:
Nojoom Hotel needs some change in policies The hotel location is excellent and has its own large and organized shopping center. The location of the hotel is close to other shopping sites and also near the Etihad Metro Station. The restaurants are very sophisticated. There is no receptionist who is fluent in Arabic. May be available upon request. The hotel’s policy deducts an insurance amount against the period during which the visitor maintains the cooling system in the rooms. The complex is also faulted on the hotel.
Is it a personal biography in the biography of the city, the writer mixed them in a very splendid mixture, to reflect what was in his life on the city, or perhaps it was a reflection of it? . What attracted me most about the biography was the great amount of information about the city, literature and art in general, which indicates the great interest of the writer for the city, so that he almost surrounded all that was written about it. The pictures, too, were great, although all are black and white, but they have a dark sense of the city and have given me many details about it. I like biographies in general, they make you live life from a completely different point of view in which you see life from above and practice the role of the wise, you feel the personalities feeling clear about their ideas and their justifications for doing something that makes you live life with your life rightly and in how many descriptions such as that of Orhan Pamuk has lived a life full of right:
The novel of the astrologer. The writer is a genius with every word in the novel. I believed that he was the astrologer and that he was added to the jinn. I was cried by the words of farewell that Osama said in court. Believe in the curse and emotions that I clearly highlight and the faces of the characters in the novel as if I was watching. A movie in front of me
My next trips to Riyadh have them, God willing. . The staff are great, they are all first and two young men in the morning who forget their name. Offering hospitality upon arrival. Serving in the evening, Arabic tea and coffee with dates. The comfort and cleanliness of the place is very very clean and the room service is fast. Its location is suitable for people interested in embassies or the university is close to it, but it is far from East Riyadh. Easy access to the northern ring. Quiet place. All services around you. The mosque is opposite the hotel. There is absolutely nothing Si
Exceptional. Get creative, by all accounts, and thank everyone for this great work. Absolutely nothing
The most beautiful thing that Ali Al-Wardi wrote ... and the most beautiful thing I have read ... This book is a dedication to every writer who intentionally makes his language difficult and promotes resonant phrases and complex words in order to be dazzled by his writing style in order to forget us of the content. This topic may not have occurred to anyone because we believed this legend and made it an axiom that we should not object to. Actually the book is worth reading
good. The place is quiet and clean, the bed is very comfortable and the place is very comfortable. The gym is shared between men and women, so that the times are very narrow in the free time for men
In the Torah the prophets deceive, lie, commit adultery, and some die suicide. In the Torah, Noah called on the sons of Ham the Canaanites and the Egyptians a humiliation and slavery to the sons of Sam the Semites ... the Jews. And he gave them the right to kill and despise the peoples below them. . In the Torah, the Lord forgets and regrets, overlooks, gets tired, sleeps, and fights with the prophets. Almighty Allah treats every deficiency. In the Torah, angels eat and lie by order of God. The Book of Surprisingly, Really surprising Jews were surprised at the terrible misrepresentation of the Torah. The distortion is no less terrible than killing a child holding a doll
A wonderful novel ... Genius ... Inspirational .... What do I say ????. Am I talking about genius in listing the hierarchies of events, even with different countries ??? As if the writer really lived between the Philippines and Kuwait. I loved the manipulation of the writer when he cried and laughed at me more than once ... My tears sometimes descended with joy to his Hausa or Jesus and his companions in the novel ... Sometimes I cry for the excessive racism that he was exposed to in his country Kuwait .... I loved this beautiful young soul Jesus who is a Christian, Buddhist and Muslim. ..I loved his relationship with God with her innocence ... Abdullah was however agreed ... but it was pure worship ... pure .... the end of the novel is very beautiful ... he won the Philippines and Kuwait together .... unhappy and misery of racism .. Saud Al-Sanousi ... I have created:
. The furniture is excellent, the rooms are spacious, and the rooms are very white, fun. The history of my stay at the hotel was the Asian Cup, but unfortunately it was not there
good. . Parking is not available and you have to wait for the reception to come to your car as the pool cannot be used by guests if there is a wedding party or any party and this is not right for the hotel because the pool is a public property for all guests
Beautiful . The breakfast is delicious but the head pillows are not comfortable.
If you like psychology, mystery, and suspense, read this book.
A wonderful novel .. In the name raised a problem of linguistic and graphic dilemma, does the name of the novel utter an annexation, indicating the meaning of Istihala? Or pronounced fracture denotes strength and despair ?? Or pronounced conquest denotes the meaning of places and the word singular is the place of the individual ???. A story in which you enjoy traveling between the various countries of the world by land, sea or air while you are at home: learn more about this country and see what you cannot see except when you visit it yourself ... from Aswan to Luxor to Alexandria to Omdurman in Sudan to Khartoum to Sharjah to Abu Dhabi to Uzbekistan and then to Qatar Afghanistan and finally to the prison. She gracefully travels between the dispersed shops and the various feelings of innocence for the aspiration of love for longing for the disgrace, reassurance for pain, despair for death, then for life, for contentment for joy, for sadness, for surrender ... and this is life. Really understands that you are in the hands of a unique writer with extensive experience and culture .. In your hands is a book that contains you .. with his accumulating ideas and information .. and his many diverse experiences..and his elegant and unique phrases O God, his disgusting missteps that occur only as a denunciation and amazement at the cause of these dark excesses of miserable lust Unfortunately, it has become, as usual, for writers except God’s mercy .. But the novel in its entirety is undoubtedly a useful narration that stands for her silence. Unfortunate
Never go back to him again. Nothing draws attention. The breakfast buffet is right for you, with grills, tables are bad, and clean.
Distinguished hotel in the courtyard of the sanctuary, opposite the King Fahd Gate. Everything in terms of cleanliness, close location and upscale handling of workers. The reservations department, where I kept calling them in order to reserve for the month of December, but no one answered, and the other is the car reservation office, as I reviewed it in order to book a car to go to the airport the day before and I agreed with the office employee to pass it after Fajr prayer to confirm the reservation and take my room number and at my passage in the morning I found an employee Another who said that there is no reservation and no cars they have today
Exceptional. Very close to the Emirates Mall, near km or less, and close to friendliness of Wadi to km. I was in trouble communicating, even when I moved another room after the extension, two more days, I took a studio other than the apartment, and it was the same problem.
very good. The rooms are spacious and comfortable as well as the hotel is clean and excellent location. The positions are narrow and little
Jamil. The decor is in elegant colors and the hotel looks fanciful. Thing
This novel is all I needed to go beyond the boundaries of time I was the first time I read this crazy poet Scarmita and I think he completely amazed me I liked the narration and got involved with it a lot because the first thing I felt when I left the end is sadness but the short journey that I spent in this story is the most passionate, anxious and aesthetic Mario Jimenez takes me with him with the Sony record machine, and he is so mad that he records the sound of the doorbell of Neruda, the gulls of the beach, the sea breaks, and the movement of the stars because even with the glow of Paris all Neruda felt was the yearning of the ordinary poet to a late morning at his home on the beach .. this story is very beautiful I loved Neruda and all the poems Which have not yet read and I&#39;m sure I will visit Chilean times Latin literature after the courier Nerod mail and narrator movies that these less beautiful
I will be frank, the writer spoiled his novel with the conspiracy theory that he inserted at the end of the novel. Perhaps I am pleased to make like Abu El Fotouh and write a new ending for her. Regardless of the ending, plot theory plot beyond the five stars. But the writer by doing that spoiled my pleasure and the end came to hold my last pleasure. Why did you do this? This novel is a song of beauty, a song of the dream and the exceptional human spirit ... a song of the creative Arab character, a verse of chaste spinning, and an endless passion for all causes of life .... My smile and sometimes my rude laughs were not interrupted while I read the words of Hamdi Abdel Rahim, they are wonderful by all accounts. The first chapters took me with the splendor of narration and photography ... a passion for discovering life, the first time to get to know the vocabulary of life, and the first time to weave a picture of the world around us in the imagination and awareness of the child within us. Then the following chapters in which consciousness grew and expanded, in which the narration mated with the wonderful dramatic construction of all the characters, the endless possibilities that each presents in my imagination as a reader: what happens to each of them, then the people withdraw one after the other, and our friend, Abul Fotouh, remains alone on the stage .... Then the absent persons return to seize a string of strings to pull our hero in a new track, so the story as a whole is not disconnected from the reader who sees it as if it is a painting that integrates something by bit, not like a movie that misses a scene from it so do not realize it again .... It was from The most according to the author. Then the last chapters come, they come from Taqi al-Din, Rajaa, Samir, Lillian, and Ali ..... you think it is a new life after what links it to Cairo has passed, but that is not ..... that serpent pushes him towards Cairo as part of a wonderful magical plot . I will be as I want, that sentence that attracted me to the novel when I first met it in the university library .. not for its genius, but because it reminded me immediately of the mural of the genius Mahmoud Darwish: I will be one day I want ... After the hero found what motivates him, he wrote. And the ensuing victories over the loss, the diaspora and the rupture ... the victory over life itself ... here was the beginning of a more than wonderful end ... in which the writer maintains the melodies of the beauty chant that he started in the first pages. But he inserted the conspiracy theory, which was indicated by a simple reference in the last scene of Abu al-Futuh with Taqi al-Din, and then pushed it to be a pivot of the end ... He broke the weights of the wonderful chant and stimulated the melody .... and turned off the stage lights in the face of the crowd in a crude manner. I expect from Hamdi Abdel Rahim a new song ... fully formed, from the first sentence to the last. And I have the belief that playing tunes will be as I want able to create the most beautiful and similar. His next novel will be as I want. :
I will repeat the visit, God willing. everything. nothing
Great hotel for elderly people. The breakfast is excellent and varied, and the breakfast buffet is great. The adaptation is hot and needs to be maintained. The old carpet was a little grilled. The room was next to the equipment in the side building. It was annoying. The 10th floor was a room.
Overall pretty. everything. The cleanliness was not complete
I saw Ramallah, I heard about it a lot and hesitated before I read it and did not know why, Marid Al-Barghouthi wrote about his westernness and his experience as a Palestinian expatriate. But he did not know that his book touched the hearts of thousands of Palestinians, and perhaps millions, I did not think that a book would hurt me and make me waste my memory to recover many memories. I was not surprised when I read his creations, paragraphs by Radwa Ashour and Tamim Al-Barghouthi before, so I was not surprised that the writings of Murid as his horror were the writings of his wife and son. For the Palestinian olive oil, it is the traveler’s gift, the reassurance of the bride, the autumn reward, the family’s wealth over the centuries, the pride of peasants in the evening of the year, and the vanity of the jars actually reminded me of olive trees and the season of harvesting and squeezing it, and reminded me of the words of Ahmed Bakhit that I do not carry olive in exile with me and buy humiliating olive oil . I could not judge this book with my mind like the rest of the books, because in short it touched a part of me, and the writing about it will be longer because I will explain each part and why I like it. This is the case of Marid, and the situation of thousands of Palestinians reminded me of a large number of relatives who could not enter Palestine. They grew up in exile, and people were working outside Palestine when the setback occurred and lost their Palestinian identity. I couldn&#39;t write a review well, because when I started writing about it I never listed some of my things
Rest and relaxation in a privileged location with a staff that seeks the satisfaction of the resident. The staff is excellent, the location is close to the services, far from the inconvenience, the cleanliness is great, the comfort is a relaxation.
Excellent. Wonderful hotel. Nothing excellent
Exceptional. Most of the stuff. Room service and eating is available this time
I expected more numbers and statistics, but the result is good, and after thinking I find that more numbers come out of the book from its content
The end stunned and hurt me ...
The book is undoubtedly wonderful and seeks everyone to understand it and is characterized by being perhaps the first of its kind in criticizing this cursed phenomenon and has depth and deals with the spirit of the issue right, whether from the architectural side or the human and religious side, but for me the book is flawed two things the first thing is the weakness of editing it perhaps so that it is easy It is difficult for the researcher to read it, but it is very difficult for the researcher. His reference to the references is a poor, poor signal, and it costs a lot of people who want to go deep and research the effort a lot. You do not find the book a margin. Jabal Omar, Al-Shamiya and others, appalled and talk about what will take place and what will not take place from them .. As for the second defect from my humble point of view that it did not elaborate on explaining the architecture and spirit of the mosques architecture more than this and did not separate in architectural minutes it would not harm the ordinary reader if he suffered like decorative patterns and Islamic architecture Which was carved out of its context and attached to the projects of the skyscrapers, such as the towers of Jabal Omar, for example .. If he lengthened a little in the second chapter and elaborated, the book would come out in a picture that is closer to idealism and perfection.
Luxury to Ivory Grand. In fact, Ivory Grand is awesome with all the word, all what I will say Ivory Grand will not fulfill his right for the first time that I travel and I do not want to leave the hotel ... My reservation was a studio and was promoted for free without asking the hotel simply is your best choice very close to the Mall of the Emirates go on foot Duration of only two minutes .. very new and luxurious furniture and new room cleanliness is very very excellent integrated kitchen of breakfast is very wonderful Restaurant in the hotel is serious I advise you to try it. The hotel does not speak Arabic only in the daytime with the presence of Brother Atef and the Tunisian sister I forgot her name. After five in the afternoon the official language of the hotel is English and they did not blame them. We hope that they put those who speak Arabic and there is nothing that I did not like. The whole hotel is complete.
To be honest, Grillo restaurant is one of the tastiest restaurants in Jubail Industrial. It is light food, they treat them well, and the cleanliness of the restaurant is excellent. May God grant them success.
I liked it very much, the first day that I started and I am committed to her prayers in its time, thanks to this booklet and its writer who motivated me with his style and the hadiths he mentioned, I did not know before that the morning prayer is better than the night of the Night of Power ... I ask God to fix me on his religion and facilitate me in order to perform it On time and other prayers on time.
The book talks about me, about you, about it, and about every person who sorts this article, which the writer put out as the title of his book, and he only mentioned it on the last two pages. Really, I was touring the pages and quickly moved to the next one to know what the adrenaline hormone has to do with the textbooks that we took in the past until I found my desired goal in the last two papers. The writer says how often did the adrenaline produce anger, jealousy, pain for God? I think this author&#39;s question can guarantee whoever intends to read the content before he does. A friend who grabbed his hands to save him from the fire was writing and I do not know if this friend extends to extend to all of us, so is anyone guided after reading, if we are all friends of the writer who are enraged by the fire and angry for God and secrete the hormone adrenaline in the place that should be excreted for
Exceptional. The very Sudanese receptionist is modab, good manners and service ..
A good hotel for business or government interests. . Only few positions
The site is very dangerous because cars cross the speed continuously. For me, the fifth floor is always special. Only the location of the hotel
Exceptional. Its proximity to the sanctuary, calm and cleanliness. nothing
Very nice, beautiful and cooperative hotel with the guest and deserves praise and praise. Good services, wonderful, very comfortable. Quality of all drinks. Good quality morning breakfast is close to the central market. Services are available and close to the hotel. thank you .
The method of intermittent narration makes you longing for every part, but for every character, including a more than wonderful narration, and even it was conveyed in the life of Muhammad Sadiq and a beautiful style.
The book tells the story of a struggle of a girl half of whom is Kurdish and the other Arab who escaped from stability for the struggle in defense of her principles towards her cause and endured a lot for that, but in the end, despite her courage and what she made, and the sacrifices she made did not violate the rules of instinct and motherhood migrated to secure a decent life for her son in order to live a life of stability ..... The novel, even if it tells about the struggle of the Kurds, that it reflected at the same time the suffering of the entire Iraqi people, the challenges it faced and the kinds of torture they were exposed to, despite all this showing its interest in education from a long time ago and even under bombing. The novel is fascinating to the extent that you can finish it in one day, despite its length. The historical narrative style and distinctive wisdom in each chapter has increased strength and durability.
Genius deeply ... the inspiration that the doctor carried in the black time zone immediately before the revolution ... whether the concern was embodied in his articles compiled in this book, or perhaps utopia as well ..
A novel that does not read but does not read. It does not read about it .. wonderful .. The writer caught its strands as good as it is .. The idea can be repeated, but the treatment and the way of handling make you feel that the idea is completely new .. we are racists .. we are not Arabs .. no .. we As human beings .. not only racists against races .. no .. we are racists, even in the same country and the one people .. we always judge people from its religion .. who wears it .. of its form .. of its accent .. we classify people as less than us. From our classification, this is a true clause for ourselves. We treat them as animals and forget that they are human beings and they have a life of adornment. What is his religion? And his search for belonging .. I enjoyed it very much.
Exceptional. Everything, and the best hotel apartments in terms of comfort, providing all kitchen supplies and near supermarkets, restaurants and retail stores.
Exceptional. . The only thing I did not like is that you hear the car sounds outside, and this thing made me unhappy in my room. It was very annoying for this. I was silent two nights, but I only had one night rest, but the room changed, but without help, I think that the problem in the windows should be double glass. Thank you very much.
Luxurious place with excellent value. Everything is beautiful, luxurious place, quiet area, and the price is excellent. Nothing
Nice when you find the book speaks logic
it&#39;s recommended . Great hotel we enjoyed staying and advise everyone in it ...
We or Cancun book for the martyr of the word Faraj Fouda is one of the forbidden and forbidden books. : //. . / ...
A book that is more than wonderful, worth reading several times, it delves into the human psyche to a depth that calls for reflection and reflection, and its summary in the last two chapters, the sermon of the mountain and the conclusion of the book.
My humble opinion. Tranquility, location and good hotel staff treatment. Having a bar and serving alcohol in the swimming pool
Valuable and enjoyable information despite its magnitude
Not known. Providing the best services and good reception. There is a cooking smell in the floor
The title of the book is not closely related to its content, but it is undoubtedly a beautiful content that has the courage to ask the question that someone might be buried in someone’s mind and then answer. Of course, with reservations on some points that any book reader may disagree with.
The country does not happen all of this
I knew her ... and she was denying me ... between Khaled and Khaldoun a big issue .. and in the end, a person is an issue
A fun Ramadan atmosphere in the lobby. Saad Asiri, the reception manager, had a great role in the success of my stay in the Alhambra Pullman..Thank you from the heart. The location of the hotel behind the hotel is a laundry and a barber, and I marked the first floor again. The service is very slow, there are some bugs inside the rooms, there are no beds, and I sent a worn out duvet
Nice stay. The apartment is beautifully furnished and indicates good taste and kitchen facilities are very good, but unfortunately there is no microwave.
good. The reception staff treated is great and they are very decent ... Wi-Fi is very poor, it must be improved. There is no shaded parking for the hotel.
Very beautiful and I recommend it especially for couples. The bar is amazing and its evening is one of the most beautiful Royal club in the round, it is beautiful and it is clean. At the end of my stay, I paid more than the amount that came to me in the B bookings, even though I read the entire reservation details from the reservation. You can receive guests. The spa has very long appointments, everything is overpriced.
In my opinion, the information is not abundant. However, it does not detract from the content of the book anything
A great location. Welcome. Karnak Hotel is located a few minutes walk from Karnak Temple in Luxor ... It is a very safe place and it is located in the quietest area in Luxor ... especially the beautiful garden area which includes the area of swimming pools Brilliant. The rooms are all clean and the staff are nice and helpful. The food is delicious and very reasonably priced just like the rest of this hotel. It is really worth the money. Strongly recommend it.
The Book of Intelligence and Istiharam .. Speaks briefly about the concept of intelligence, which means consciousness, and it is two types of awareness of the self and the purpose of creation, and about the place of man in this universe .. And social awareness is the awareness of man about the dynamics of events around him, his society and his role within this society. And imitation is the exact opposite of that .. It happens that the dear person is educated or ignorant because the intelligence is different from the knowledge and the testimonies and when a person indulges in meeting his material needs consuming what is produced by other civilizations .. not a product ... Modern and modern media. In general the idea of the book is very valuable .. And our minds open to things that we have overlooked in the midst of our daily preoccupations. And be aware of what is being woven around us, whether from the outside or from the inside, the religious inheritance that he called in the title of both sides of the religious, Isthmari. And what distinguishes Ali Shariati is his freedom from the religious and intellectual restrictions on which he arose and which he believes And of a revolutionary thought of regeneration against tyranny, colonialism and imperialism in all its forms ... ......... but some remarks remain that need understanding. For example, glorifying Him to the Dora of Divinity ?? What does it mean specifically. He mentioned some methods of colonization, and among them, specialization included philosophy, art, science, poetry ... and others, but these methods are a double-edged sword, and it cannot be generalized, and he did not explain why they classified them as methods of colonization. He considered women to be the most active player in consumer culture, and it is they who contribute to the spread of consumer culture. The question here .. Why only women ..? If consciousness is absent in a man, he also contributes to that ... many of the ideas in the book need more detail .. and supporting evidence ... ..... all these notes do not drop from the importance of the book because it is an independent research field on its own ... Most of the notes are dropped because they were a lecture and certainly will omit mentioning all the details ... unlike if it was a separate book ... the book is important ... and I recommend it ..
very good . . Unfortunately, the procedures before entering the rooms take a long time
Saudi Arabia Qatif. Close to the speed, speed of fulfillment of requests, high ethics of the buffet, variety of speed and adequacy of the number of items. The absence of connected rooms, there is no bathtub in the rooms, contrary to the announcement of Bouquetk, the carpets are old, especially in the corridors.
Greatest
Here is my first reading of my life. Something really special, and a rare thought. It establishes a new and exciting meaning for prayer, not only as worship, prayer is the pillar of life, and anchored for change.
A beautiful novel whose style is interesting Each page pulls the other draws a terrifying reality of religious extremism ... fun and frightening At the same time it takes you from the nineties to
Really great product. He has more than a year with me and his quality is constant
I mourn for you, my friends, the old language. And old books. I mourn for you ... our punched words, like old shoes ... vocabulary for prostitution, spelling, and insults. I mourn for you .. I mourn for you. The end of the thought that led to the defeat. . Poems are salty in our mouth. Saline braids women. And the night, the curtains, the seats. Salty things in front of us. . O my sad patriot. Turn me in a moment. A poet writes love and longing. A poet writes with a knife. . Because what we feel is greater than our cards. We must be ashamed of our poems. . If we lose the war, it is not strange. Because we enter it ... with all the talents of the East. Antics that did not kill his flies. Because we enter it ... with the logic of the tabla and rababa. . The secret of our tragedy. Our screams are bigger than ours. Our sword is taller than our stature. . Summary of the case. Summarized in the phrase. We have worn the crust of civilization. And the soul is ignorant ..... With the flute and the oboe ... victory does not happen. . It cost us our improvisation. Fifty thousand new tents. . Do not curse the sky. If I give up on you ... do not curse the circumstances. God gives victory to whomever He wills. And you do not mourn .. making swords. . It hurts me to hear the news in the morning. It hurts me ... to hear the bark .... What the Jews entered from our borders. Rather ... they leaked like ants ... from our faults. . Five thousand years ... we are in the basement. Our chins are long. Our money is unknown. Our eyes harbor flies. My friends:. Try breaking the doors. To wash your ideas and wash the clothes My friends:. Try to read a book ... to write a book. To plant letters, pomegranate, and grapes. Sailing to the land of snow and fog. People do not know you .. outside the basement. People count you wolves .... Our skins are dead sensation. Our souls complain of bankruptcy. Our days revolve between visiting, chess and drowsiness. Are we the best nation that has brought people out? ..... Our oil could flush with the deserts. It is impossible for a dagger ... from flame and fire ... but ... and ashamed of supervision from Quraish. And the shame of the free men from Aws and Nizar. Shed under the legs of the slave ..... We run on the streets. We carry ropes under our armpits ... We practice the coast without insight. We smash glass and locks ... We praise frogs. We swear like frogs. We make our dwarfs heroes ... We make our supervisors bastards ... We improvise the championship improvisation ... We sit in the mosques ... Tumbling ... Lazy. We split the verses, or compose the examples ... and we sharpen the victory over our enemy ... who has the Almighty ..... If anyone gives me safety ... if I could meet the Sultan. I told him: Sir Sultan. Your dogs predators tore my robe. And they always tell you behind me ... their eyes are behind me ... their noses are behind me ... their feet are behind me ... like the inevitable destiny, like the judiciary. They are interrogating my wife. And they write to them ... the names of my friends ... my Sultan. Because I approached your deaf walls. Because ... I tried to reveal my grief ... and my misfortune. You hit the shoe ... your soldier forced me to eat from my shoes. Sir ... sir Sultan. I lost the war twice. Because half of our people .. have no tongue. What is the value of the people who have no tongue? Because half of our people are trapped like ants and rats ... inside the walls ... if anyone gives me safety. From Askar Sultan ... I told him: You lost the war twice ... because you broke away from the human cause ... If we did not bury the unit in the dirt. If we do not tear her soft body with bayonets. If you stay inside the eyes and cilia. When our flesh took possession of dogs .... We want an angry generation ... We want a generation that works for prospects. History shrinks from its roots ... thought shrinks from the depths. We want a future generation ... different features ... mistakes are not forgiven ... they do not forgive ... they do not bow ... they do not know hypocrisy ... we want a generation ... a pioneer ... a giant .... Oh children ... from the ocean to the bay, you are the ears of hopes. You are the generation that will break chains. Opium is killed in our heads ... and imagination is killed ... Oh children, you are still kind. They are pure, like dew and snow, they are pure. Do not read about our defeated generation, children. We are disappointed ... and we, like the watermelon rind, are trivial. We are sworn ... swept up ... like slippers. Do not read our news. Do not track us. Do not accept our thoughts. We are a generation of vomiting, syphilis, and coughing. We are charter generation, dancing on ropes. Oh children: O rain of spring .. O ears of hopes. You are the seeds of fertility in our sterile lives. You are the generation that will defeat defeat ...
there&#39;s nothing like it . The site is second to none. Wi-Fi is weak in some rooms
Excellent . Close to the place .... Breakfast is varied and satisfies all tastes ... Reception employee / Abdullah Al-Harbiqamah is sophisticated in dealing with the provision required, a special thanks to him ... Only the movement between the Asancirat and especially between the ground floor and the basement and
This is clean literature.
: I love his sense of the heart
The book is light and beautiful, depicting the prophetic day with its simplicity and flexible routine. I think it focused on the last and stable period of time of the Prophet
A very delicious book. It is true that it is more than two pills, and it is full of yachts, and this needs:. But funny, fun, and contrary to my expectations, because I felt that I did not like it, but I am happy that my feeling was wrong.
My review is more than five stars The novel deserves more than five stars Thanks to the author of an interesting narration style and useful story
One of the most beautiful things I read to Youssef Al-Qaid, but the end was very disappointing
More than wonderful .. Naguib Mahfouz can be from the few Arab writers who feel that he writes what I want to write, which the reader does not want to read .. and because of this he is one of the few writers who meet in every book whose books are valuable
In the name of Allah, the Generous, kind and friendly. A very fascinating book of Swedish literature takes place in the mid-nineteenth century, telling the story of a people who left their homes from one of Sweden&#39;s provinces heading to America, who were at the forefront of immigrants leaving behind the distress and hardship of life, the events of the story attracted me with its details about feudal life in that distant spot and how In those people lived generation after generation under the yoke of humiliation, priestly and feudal slavery, then after that the suffering of immigration, the separation of the earth and the exhaustion and hardship of the road .. Description, style, characters and the general atmosphere of the novel is attractive and captivating, and the transfer to Arabic is beautiful but wonderful .. I recommend reading this beautiful literary piece, And if he wrote a God has a lifetime for me and I will read it again, God willing.
I read it twice and smiled twice. The commandments of Qandish were facts: nothing can hurt people more than the truth, and nothing will please them more than delusion.
Unconcern . Cleanliness, location and buffet for breakfast as the items vary. nothing
It seems that the homeland is not an issue except in the Arab countries. This book describes my feelings at the present time, but I do not think that I will leave one day my land to strangers, as it is the only thing that I have. This is the homeland for me, if I lost it I no longer have anything.
Beautiful stay. Quiet, clean place, tempting prices. Lack of enough dishes for cooking
A wonderful book ... reviews some of the supplications of the Messenger, may God bless him and grant him peace. Which in his prayers and other life situations. Through which the writer broadcast myself: Inevitably, there is no more beautiful and greater than the supplication of the Prophet Muhammad, may God bless him and grant him peace ..... and that he who wanted words..to help him in full contact with the Lord Almighty ... He must imitate the words of the Prophet, may God bless him and grant him peace ... they are comprehensive in Praise, pray, praise and request. Al-Ghazali senses the supplications of the Prophet, which are gentle ... I think it is possible to produce a book ... better and teach the supplication of the Prophet, may God’s prayers and peace be upon him, in a more systematic way. Stars
As much as this book contained some racism .. But I think it calls for adherence to the principles .. This book makes you look from another angle, it makes you see the reactions of others from our actions ... The narration, it is true that it carried a lot of suffering, but there is hope In the end ... hold on to what you want as much as possible, enjoy it, hold on to love, perhaps it will not happen again
The beauty of the place is everything. My suite overlooks Aqaba. The price is very exaggerated by Hassouni, who lives in Paris or New York. A delay when we ask the worker for bags or help is late for an hour or more.
I give it, not only because the idea is outside the Arab-Muslim community context. Unfortunately, this is a dream problem crossing barriers. But as a writer, she has a pen, a raaaaaaaaaa .. Removing her words, her description of events and her ability to simulate, and introducing us in the event of horrible heroes. This novel I find the crown of her novels and the most beautiful .. Despite her unhappy ending in one of the cases:. Also, the wrapping is terrible, I adore the tulips, especially if it is lilac like the cover.
Sleep, sadness, there is no room in the chest, and there is no time for another time.. sleep, and do not panic at the end of the night on your window, and do not fear the silence that dwells in the joints of the night .. distance..
I liked more than that, on the last page of the book, I did not know how to separate, it is I who sleeps on my soul and is lost, nor does he live, who is lost and drunk, and I read like a fool ?? :. But I don&#39;t like the end, Khaaaaaaaalis, not that he entered a part of imagination, jinn and demons, nor that the end came very blatant like this, and he missed the awareness two years and stipulated their condition
good. The restaurant and the gym. One of the receptionists treated it
One of the most beautiful readers of this book was a great deal of pain with Ayman Al-Atoom, but the end was the most beautiful .... The beginning of imprisonment, abuse, torture and coexistence with what happened and what is happening all came in a painful context and touches the enduring heart beautiful pen Al-Otoum even in describing the tragedies ..
One of the best purposeful books, and in his psychological impact what the heart desires and what you love the ear can hear and I recommend reading it
Kuwait&#39;s capital. Nothing worse. Cleanliness, tranquility, market and Bin Dawood center
Comfort . Everything .. especially the location on the sea. Parking is slow
Write a brief summary of it. Because the public image that Al-Qossabi found a satisfactory answer to the question of how to become a terrorist? It directly depends first and foremost on the frustration of certain groups in society. The causes of frustration are variable and have their own conditions such as what was mentioned about poverty. This frustrating search for change through any window you initiate .. The blind fish will be the most hungry for the hook of anglers who portray themselves as loyal. These loyal people, and in the pursuit of their interests, are the mass movements in which they completely melt the frustrated ones, and they are the true believer who must follow and be loyal to him. It is the false image of the group and one hand to the extent that absent-minded facts from the minds. Accept this on this, human energies explode in an improper and rational manner that finally ends with a reckless result such as terrorism. What is below this data should be considered: religious sanctity, time, and psychological convictions beyond belonging to such movements.
thank you . the bed. The price in the reservation is different from the payment, while attendance and taxes must be better explained
Wonderful book wonderfully, explained and polite
The first time I read in Korean literature a very human story that gave up one who takes his mind from his actions before he regretted after that. Usually, I missed it, and I liked it. When the girl thought that the mother would give her the gift she wanted, but after some time passed, the mother actually died, the one does not know the value of the need, except after what is unfortunately lost:
The author is familiar with her narrative tools. Iraqi history. Iraqi character. Brotherhood between Christians and Muslims for a period of time. Prison, on the one hand, the American soldier. Iraqi origin for the sons of her country. And his treatment of the American soldier to him. Attractive and somewhat new subject. Because of the political circumstances and changes. On the land of the Arabs. She deserves her candidacy for Poker. And if she got it, it would be worthy of it. Reading is fun for everyone
Very beautiful ... but they hear her sensual most beautiful and richest:. Philosophical expressions of the novel ... very deep .. and very rich. And all regret for homelands, their youth spend the flower of their ages in prisons and prisons ... all regret
Damascus is the most beautiful of it, the most ancient of it is .. full of its people, its bounties, and its remaining civilization .. It is well known for its goodness ... entrusted to it to rise from every predicament ... from every crisis and obstacle ... The description of Tantawi does not match him with a description as if he describes heaven on earth. It makes you think and remember when you visited this city one day, did you feel what you felt? Did you realize the status of this ancient land? Did you taste her good things? Have you seen its effects with all its stories, stories and stories? Did you walk in her neighborhoods and follow the steps of her grandparents? How sweet is this story .. The beautiful, smooth, interesting style of Tantawi increased my love for the city and my passion for its civilization. I highly recommend reading the book. .. challenge the list. . A diary book
Scientists are interested in a subject that threatens the fate of man, which is the pollution of the natural environment. But none of us thinks of the role of modern poetry hippie in polluting the literary environment. I do not understand how a poet can talk about the ideal and not apply it, and sing about beauty and himself haunted by ugliness, and write about purity and his tongue is steeped in mud. . The true writing is the antithesis of transcription and the antithesis of transmission, and the antithesis of zenographic or typographical simulation .. A good poem is the first version that does not have a second copy previous to it or subsequent to it, meaning that it is a single time escaping from all times. Private time is completely separate from public time. Bad poems are poems that are unable to form their own time and are written in general time .... Every doctor I go to treats me like a tree .... examines my trunk, my leaves, and my branches ... it ignores my nervous system ... it ignores the glands of tears hidden in the eyes of the trees ... it is thought that the trees do not cry ... do not suffer from the separation of their migratory birds in the early fall ... thought that the trees do not remember their children .... trying to explain to me that modern medicine considers the lacrimal glands as appendages. It has no value in the human body ... sir doctor. Can you explain to me, then, how the rain will come down, the grass will sprout, and the seas of the world will be filled ... Can you tell me if my tears seized me, how will I write poetry? ... Wonderful is the human Nizar ... I was surprised by his human side, far from the poet Nizar. The genius of the language and its unrepeatable specificity is what makes his words so magical ... The articles are humane ... sarcastic. Tart as usual ... it was a pleasant read:
This is the first book I read for Kierkegaard. The book is rather difficult. The writer relied on his existential philosophy here on the story of Ibrahim, peace be upon him, and his son who was required to sacrifice it. He approached the story and tried to analyze it from an ethical as well as aesthetic point of view and concluded or perhaps it began that Abraham&#39;s faith and his relationship to God is the only one that can solve the moral dilemma in this story. For me, it deserves the stars. I mean, the book I liked
A very wonderful book that teaches you success stories and gives you hope in life and how to strive for happiness .. full of optimism A light book that teaches you the experiences of others and how they reached their lives and faced challenges .. How to reach the summit and change your way of thinking .. Books make you live with friends you do not know them but ambitious learn a lot from them
Really
Excellent hotel in the full sense of the word. The location and view are excellent. Time to go out back and employee did not respond meaning
Rhetoric: It hurts meaning and praises its wound
A new and very convincing vision in the interpretation of one of the strangest personalities in our Islamic history .. As usual, he created a lot of puzzles as is the case in most of his plays, I advise everyone to read it
A book that reaffirms the concept of citizenship by recounting the truth that has long been manipulated. Include everything with pinpoint detail detail. Coexistence between religions under the shadow of the Islamic religion. Real coexistence with its advantages and disadvantages. I highly recommend it as it reflects a lot of our reality and is not only concerned with what has gone by
Wonderful. Excellent room cleanliness and space. Yes, the call was made to turn off the air conditioning several times, and on the fourth the technician was sent
A very important book dating for a period and a period that many were not exposed to in terms of the emergence of the Islamic group ... Al-Aqri in the matter was how she led a primitive student movement all this .. and how this student movement formed and developed and how it expanded to all these different ideas and ideologies Inside it ... and how sincerity and selflessness were ... and how they carried Islam are real and action ... And the most important thing is how their thinking evolved ... or most of them amazingly ... actually I asked myself weeks ago about the intellectual confusion that I live it personally is it healthy or not and I found different responses from my friends .. But after reading this book I discovered that this confusion is very healthy in order to repent Lower the mind once and for all in a sound way, with firm convictions, pure intention, and a calm mind .. I am surprised by those who said that after reading this book, they find that Dr. Abu Al Fotouh is not suitable for the presidency, and I think they are satisfied with themselves because most of them are Brotherhood or hostile from the beginning to nominate Dr. Abu al-Futuh and did not leave objectivity and reason to rule .. Because quite the opposite of those who read it realizes the maturity of Abu al-Futuh from the beginning of his founding of the Islamic community and realizes the extent of his open mind and how he developed and the extent of his love for his homeland Egypt and his devotion to the causes of the nation ... I hear the eyes of the book in Some of his last pages when he talked about the horrors of torture to which he was subjected. Abu al-Fotouh and his colleagues .. and even those who were arrested on charges of assassinating Sadat despite not mentioning any details of the types and colors of torture .. But because I lived among the folds of the book with the story of the Islamic group, the last chapter cried a lot .... In something, he is sincere .. soft-hearted and sentiment .. loving his country and the people of his country .. he carries the concern of the whole nation .. open-minded .. pregnant who are Islam in his captivity and not a call made in a group denounced in the pun for those inside the Muslim Brotherhood who treat the Brotherhood better than Other than the Muslim Brotherhood, the Egyptians have the same ... the upbringing and development of the Islamic movement made me more aware of Omar Tlemceni and I loved it through the pages of the book .. May God have mercy on him, a broad mercy, and Husam Tamam, the editor of the book, and I live in their spacious gardens .. A historically important book .. And for this period it is important to read ... Sincere .. Thin .. Carries with much certainty and hope.
Despite the exaggeration that the writer talks about the presence of forces that affect our generation, we need to review and re-understand what is going on around us, the word &quot;Isthmmar&quot;, despite its strange connotation, but it is not the anti-intuition, but rather the result of lack of attention and acumen .. The writer says: When a fire breaks out in a house And someone invites you to pray and pray to God, you should know that it is a traitor’s call, because caring about something other than extinguishing the fire and turning away from it to another job, is imitation, even if it is a sacred act. It is unfortunate that we do not realize what is meant by us, and they distract us from what we should think of the fate of our society or I think of it as my destiny as a human being, until we think about things that we consider very fine, great and honorable, and they strike the goal without feeling and for this I said in a place Another: If you are not present in the situation, be wherever you want, the important thing is that you did not attend the situation, so wherever you want: standing for prayer or sitting for the winery, both of them are one
In short, between the lines of this novel lies the madness
In order to know the difference between Abdel Nasser and others who want to complete the image, he read Haykal’s books on Israeli documents and two memoirs of Moshe Dayan and Kissinger, in order to see the difference between what can be described as Nasser’s man and his consistency with his principles and with other traitors who rule us in Egypt and the Arab world. God have mercy on Abdel Nasser and his sins forgiven him
A book you love to read many times. Whenever you feel that your vigor and acceptance of prayer is decreasing, read it so that it may help you and return you to the straight path. Of the most beautiful and most valuable what I read ..
At first, I would like to divide the novel into three themes. The first axis. Subject, plot and communion. In terms of the novel / story, I think that the children of our neighborhood are the most wonderful work in the history of modern Arab literature at all, at least in the field of epic literature, to which most of the religious texts are affiliated in the narrative part of it .. the plot was good and I think that if it was available to Nagib Mahfouz another time or recipient Another without judgments, backgrounds or nervousness for religious texts would have been more wonderful, more coherent and perhaps more identical to the subject .. As for the handling of dealing with more than wonderful, Mahfouz talked about the idea of biblical creation and individual characters based on the biblical text, so the novel came to this form. God, who is the main character in the religious event, in the image of Jablawi, is the strong, stubborn, tough, and tough person who deals with me with others, but at the same time with warm, calm, calm reassures. He who has his closeness will never live happily, not occupied by them or a cloud, where he is blessed with a beautiful life to the extent that his activities are limited to meditation and singing. And the comfort sought by most souls .. The big house, which is paradise, is a hotbed of comfort and happiness that everyone desires .. Satan, who is Idris, has dealt with it from the Christian concept, where Idris is close and dear and he is. A son of the Jablawi, like Adham, nothing less than himself is the tendency to clamor, greed, and conflict .. Adam, and he is the most beautiful person who was from Idris, where he was the son of the brown woman who had no authority to manage the endowment due to his calm calm and soft character, but the curse that he enjoyed with that Prestige is the same reason for his expulsion from the big house where his weakness and his generosity were the tendon upon which Idris played, as he enticed him with curiosity and knowledge of knowledge of the future. The bond was a sin and it is a curiosity in the future and the idea of eternity is always and never and bliss .. In the story of Mahfouz she was Omaima and she is the wife of Adham a catalyst and not the reason because she encouraged Adham to curiosity and supported him and then cursed him throughout her life .. Hammam and Qadri are Cain and Abel has killed his brother&#39;s fate Because of jealousy, and then he saw it at the order of Adham, and at this point Mahfouz took the biblical viewpoint, even though Al-Gabalawi had nothing to hide from him, but he did not know that Qadri had killed Hammam. Al-Jabalawy was far from his family as Kehuwa and was deaf to their suffering and struggles until he finally had mercy in the last days of Adham and promised that the endowment for his descendants and he finally gained comfort .. a generation who is Musa Kalim Al-Jabalawi had eaten as a honest person but nervous fast angered but fairly .. Rafaah is the most beautiful The characters of the novel in terms of handling and construction is Christ and its eating is hedged from the point of view of the heretical Christian narratives, such as the Abyei and Nestorian, which deal with the killing of Christ that he was killed, but his companion transferred his body after the burial ceremonies .. Son of Its in the Christian heritage as it is the only one that resembles the Jablawi, and here is another projection on the idea of the three Persons embodied God the Son the Holy Spirit. Qasim, who was Muhammad, was eaten by Mahfouz from the Shiite point of view, as he only made him one daughter, Fatima, and his personality was balanced between the tendency of the untamed mountain, the refinement of refinement, his morals and his pure spirit, so he was an ordinary person who gets angry, loves, and rejoices wise in his reactions and pragmatic in his thoughts, he loves women a lot and is preoccupied with them as he Mahfouz was dropped on the lineage of the enigmatic messenger in history, but with a short sentence that came from the mouth of one of the fatwas .. In the last part and the personality of Arafat in handling and magic and I think that he was brought down to modernity and science and the modern trend in abandoning the idea of religion and endowment and the promised paradise and Arafat tried as much as possible to eliminate the bullies and For greed and greed in an attempt to turn the neighborhood into an earthly committee and dispense with the endowment and the big house, but his deadly war method was used against him because of human greed and the death of Jablawi in this part is the death of the remaining idea forever. The last Jabalawy commandment is a hidden message from Mahfouz about the satisfaction of the Jabalawy idea of the person who abdicated the idea of Paradise and tried to turn the neighborhood into heaven regardless of the waqf or the luxurious life full of nomads and meditation, which he considered a somewhat boring custom. I was a message of paradise on the ground. The second axis. Writer style. I think that Mahfouz style in my view is not charming or interesting style and often my view in Mahfouz is that he is not talented but he has a high degree of intelligence in the art of the story and the novel and he has mastered writing and developed himself and we note that Naguib Mahfouz is the richest and deepest of all in his career. The third axis. Evaluation . I wished that if I had given the novel the five stars, but I could not and I think that it is not possible more than it would have been had Mahfouz had more than that, he would have excelled and continued to rise in the context, but there has been a breakdown in the narrative context, especially since Qasim to the end, but from my humble point of view and I assure her that the children of our neighborhood The most fascinating literary work of all time in the modern era in the literature of epics and lessons ... Let us give Nagib Mahfouz his ability and what he deserves. He died and ended and I think that there is no room to accuse him or defend him as well as his point of view is already clear and unambiguous, he tried to confront the epic religious narration and tried to fall on it in an attempt To draw a more tangible reality Ka and a more livable life and I believe that he succeeded in light of his environment left behind and reserved with a hidden desire in the big house and the tendency to heaven.
excellent . One of the most amazing things I&#39;ve seen in Riyadh hotels for the money.
very good . Very interested in hygiene and good reception. Two tiny water bottles in the minibar. The toilets are small
For me, the book was a shock when I studied at the school that Socrates was a philosopher who faced the deceitful Soviets. The truth is that the Soviets until the time of Socrates had a decent position in the city because they taught the middle class politics for a fee. Some of them had good issues to defend, such as someone’s defending slaves. The book revolves around the circumstances and reasons for the Socrates trial, including: He despised democracy because he saw the judgment for who knows .. Socrates used to say that no one knows, not even he, but the difference between him and others is that he knows that he does not know. Not participating in many political issues in Athens. His admiration for the Spartan system. He was not opposed to the coup against democracy in the year BC, BC. One of the most important leaders was one of his disciples, Alkipads, and this is one of the most important reasons for the trial of Socrates. His negative dialectic destructive style. . But the author ultimately decides that Athena was wrong in her trial of Socrates ... because she violated her system and imitated the dictatorial regime in keeping the thought silent even if it was against it. He also decides that Socrates would have been able to obtain innocence if he faced Athena in this way, but he refused except to provoke the judges and jurors ... as if he had a desire to commit suicide, but at the hands of his opponents. It also sheds light on the poor and tormented wife of Socrates with him. . The difficulty of the book for me was in its many names, which I do not know much of it. Thank God I hardly memorize the names of my close friends that I deal with periodically
A very cool book and a new idea with a wide imagination. The idea that he knows that the date of his death is approaching, he begins to prioritize, and cares about his family, whom the world has occupied for him .. How do we fight fearful, we die until we discover that death is chasing a precious end on us, not we? And the end was very sweet, one of the most beautiful endings that happened and read it.
Light and beautiful, fun reading in a two-session session, a lot.
This is the first book I read about the October War .. But I don’t know that I knew a lot about the war, the loophole, and the cease-fire negotiations .. The book worked hard. I knew a lot of things I didn’t know .. And since my previous information that I knew about the war was the official government information. I want to review every word or information that I learned in my life .. His betrayal happened to this betrayal.
Exceptional. Despite the few breakfast options and options, it is good. Proposal to increase the items in the breakfast breakfast authorities.
very good. Fast internet, the staff treated very nice, comfortable place, and the location is beautiful. Delayed process of entry procedures in an exaggerated manner, the absence of close taxis, architecture has only one floor and four elevators, she has a lot of pressure, she took a two-room apartment, but unfortunately the other room her bathroom is not very expensive
Wonderful and brief research and an invitation to diligence and the realization of the mind. God have mercy on you, Doctor
Khairy Shalaby gives up the usual style of narration and lengthy description. And moves to write in graceful style with an accelerated rhythm. It is monitored through the life of a family that was wealthy and wealthy and with the passage of time lost everything and left nothing but its glory and good reputation .. The events were carefully drawn which makes you live the bitter reality of their life from within. The family does not have any money, and two of its children develop a strange disease that causes one of them to die and makes the other subject to death. Despite this, their father refuses to borrow or help because of the same pride .. Despite the misery of events, the end is unexpected and happy and gives you the impression that hope can come from the simplest things .. Four stars for the distinctive narrative style despite the shortness of the novel
One of the books that makes you think about many topics .. It is not strange for Eric From in general. : //. . // ....
good. The surrounding area and its proximity. Easy walking and access to several adjacent facilities. Staff Service Reception Hotel Restaurant
Bebek, the restaurant is great, the service is great, and the service is excellent. In particular, it is great. I would recommend coming to the restaurant, because the food is delicious, and we asked for kebabs and feathers.
Wonderful. Location and hygiene. Parking is limited ,,,
Excellent. The site is very beautiful and directly on the marina. The price is overrated as there are better hotels and the price is lower
Exceptional. Everything is sweet. Room lighting is associated with the living room when choosing a suite
Ibn Oman. . nothing
One of the first things I read
good. . Windows service
A book that is more than wonderful ... one of the most wonderful things I have read ... shows you the culture of abnormal return and the smoothness of easy, refraining writing ... and between the lines you discover the hidden things of return and the hiddenness of yourself.
It is one of those few books that steals you around you every time you open it and sink between its pages. It is a magical journey with literature and art, with great writers and poets, a journey that will live all its atmosphere, moment by moment. You will never tire of it. The choice of the translator was very successful and wonderful, touching your soul in every text and article you read. A charming language with which I never felt that these texts and dialogues were not originally in Arabic. Those translations that preserve the spirit of the text and even make you fall in love with it and feel every detail in it are truly rare. This book is one that you will definitely return to read again
Beautiful, light brochure. End it in one session. In which his author spoke about reading, he answered two very important questions: How do I like to read? What do I read ??. I think the book is important to all those who are lost, like me in the world of reading, and floundering between books and ideas. Beautiful brochure I recommend. This is an article by Dr. Abd al-Rahman Zakir al-Hashemi in which he spoke about the jurisprudence of reading, and here is a very, very important supplement to the topic. : //. //
Perhaps this is one of the orphan moments in which I did not decide to write about a novel until about half a year after its publication, as I got a signed copy of Joseph&#39;s shirt by its writer Sultan Al-Rumaithi while the publisher was organizing her signature party in a café book, and the reason is because the novel overwhelmed me with an experience that necessitated the return To her again before writing about her. In fact, Sultan Al-Rumaithi&#39;s narrative experience was marked by remarkable sobriety, and although his experience did not exceed writing in the forums and Emirates newspaper today as described, we do not, without any doubt, stand before a skilled writer of the novel’s interesting tools .. In Joseph’s shirt, the reader sails in a storm Consistent with the overwhelming feelings that sweep away a lover’s entity at different stages of his life, Youssef, who loves his first wife, had to marry another after moving to work in a city far from his hometown, as if one love was not enough to sweep away his being, but that was not the main problem that the novel addresses. Joseph’s love became pregnant with secrets that no one understood, neither his wives nor even the reader, so the latter walked with him with the impression that it was based on the course of events, to surprise his crash at the end when all secrets are revealed to him, and that Joseph’s shirt was only a gateway to mysterious worlds covered with greater blackness that did not see the light Never, but he realizes in the end that the text is not what he expected, even if he thinks that he did so in advance .. In fact, I was confused in the place that Sultan Al-Rumaithi hired to form Yusuf’s troubled personality, whether he was the detainee who started writing his dark biography on his shirt, or his house that In it was his love for his first wife, the hidden mother of his apartment who witnessed his malt heroism It, or is it a computer that narrowed his schemes hatched by his mind troubled with the vast majority. Attention to Al-Romaithi drew my attention to deepening the various aspects of Joseph&#39;s personality and encapsulating them with the intricacies of the conditions leading to his erosion, in a way that the reader can easily associate with any person whose shirt can reduce these painful memories. The fact that my enjoyment of Al-Rumaithi&#39;s literary masterpieces was not disturbed other than his dumping in describing red relationships in some vital places in the novel, which I do not doubt is a good employee to serve the literary text. Perhaps what is forgiven is the keenness of Al-Rumaithi to present a literary feast that does not hide behind the ideals that some are convinced of in describing virtuous societies that do not exist except in Plato&#39;s dreams.
Exceptional. Everything was lovely especially the cleanliness and staff. nothing
A wonderful book .. It is possible the first book of his village .... very precious to me .. It is true the first of his village are things that I did not understand for a young age .. but it is wonderful in it wisdom and lessons ...
Never miss it. Upscale handling, calm and fast room reservation and room delivery. I do not have membership, and I stay more than once
A wonderful book deals with authoritarian thought from several sides:. Tyranny and religion. Domineering and science. Domineering and glory. Domineering and money. Domineering and morality. Domineering and education. Domineering and advancement. And the most moving part of the book is how to get rid of tyranny. One of the most excerpts I liked in the book:. Domineering, if he was a man and wanted to be affiliated with he said: I am evil, oppressive injustice, illiterate offense, treacherous brother, poor sister, blind blindness, empty humiliation, poor sons, daughters of unemployment, my ignorant clan, and my homeland ruin. As for my religion, honor, and my life, money is money. A nation whose majority does not feel the pain of tyranny does not deserve freedom. The tyrant does not rejoice in his mighty power and his extra precaution. If there is no justice in us, we are a government that will change its destiny. Commoners often do not get angry with the tyrant, except after specific instances of irritation, including: After a painful bloody scene that the tyrant imposes on the oppressed who wants revenge for his law .. After a war from which the tyrant comes out in a defeated way, and he cannot put the shame of overcoming the betrayal of the pimp .. After the tyrant pretended to insult the religion an insult accompanied by mockery that requires the severity of the public ... It is not possible to give it even to the people ... in the event of a famine or a general calamity in which people do not see a consolation apparent from the tyrant .. After an act of the tyrant provokes immediate anger, such as his exposure to the law of display, or the prohibition of funerals in the east, and his contempt for the law or honor inherited in the West. Following a harassment incident, a large portion of women must demonstrate in their hire Victory .. After the emergence of intense loyalty from the tyrant to whom the nation considers an enemy of its honor .. To other things similar to these conditions in which people ripple in the streets and squares, and their voices fill space, and rise and reach the sky, they proclaim: true truth, victory for truth, death Or the attainment of truth .. At the end of the book, the solution to get rid of tyranny becomes: the only way to cut off the tyranny of tyranny is to elevate the nation in perception and sense
Mom share mice. A novel by Kuwaiti writer Saud Al-Sanousi. Al-Sanousi won the Poker Prize for his previous novel, Bamboo Leg, in General. Everyone was waiting for the new novel of the owner of poker, so the writer told us about this wonderful thing to prove his high heels and his firmness in the world of literature and the novel. In short, the novel raises the alarm of the rampant danger in Kuwait and the region in general, the danger of sectarianism .. The novel was unfortunately prevented in Kuwait, although it is supposed to be celebrated because it denounces sectarianism and leads to patriotism and coexistence between all parts of society But it seems that the censor prefers that society stick his head with dust instead of facing the problem. The writer has dated the roots of sectarian intolerance in Kuwait since the events of the bombings of popular cafes in a year in which members loyal to Iran were accused in protest against Kuwait&#39;s support for the Iraqi regime in the first Gulf War, then passed through the events of the Haram bombings and the events of the invasion of Kuwait, then the events of September and then the invasion of Iraq ... Through the main character in the novel, the chick of what Kuwait will reach in a year after all this sectarian shipment, and he had established years ago a group of children of Foadah to promote patriotism and reject sectarianism through radio and social media. Foada Sons group consists of the characters: Chick, Fahd, Dawi, Fawzia Sunna, Sadiq, Hawra and Ayoub Shiites. Choosing the name of Fouadah belongs to the character that appeared in the series On the World. Peace is fortunate. Congratulations. She was a resident of the Mental Hospital and she was carrying a mousetrap and walking in the corridors of the hospital and calling the mice to come, protect the people from the plague. I wonder, will the children of his family, including Otto&#39;s media, succeed in influencing society and reducing sectarianism?
Exceptional. One of the most luxurious hotels and suitable for families.
Excellent. Cleanliness, room size is excellent, good location close to Mall of the Emirates, Ibn Battuta and JBR, the bathroom is divided into two separate parts ... one part contains a shower and a bathtub and a sink..and the other part contains a chair and a sink ... the breakfast was not good, the iron and toothpaste and toothpaste did not It is available in the room and can be requested through the hotel.
Fadi Azzam summed up the story of an entire region with all its details, and its specificity in the story of three women whose destinies intersected in one way or another .. a novel that opens the door to the Druze world, which remained fraught with mystery and secrets, to reveal their history, their beliefs, and the details of their lives .. The novel was written in an interesting historical sequence, Sequentially.
Not satisfied with the time of receiving the room. . When I booked the hotel on your site, he gave me a time to receive, and when I came to receive the rooms, I waited for the end: and the last room was at night in the evening, as I always booked in the bokings and what happened to me was a bad experience. My journey took hours and I had to wait more than four hours and when I spoke to the hotel he said to me we will compensate you for a meal tomorrow and then I changed to tea and I could not come because they linked me to a specific time I called a person named Evian to order for the appointment because he ignored me and did not give me to consider this my story with the Meydan Hotel
Exceptional. . Attitudes are narrow.
A very excellent book, we can call it naked atheists. However, the writer began with the text of the book adopting the theory of directed development, and evidenced evidence from the Qur’an on it, and then JF ended with research more in the Qur’an and the interpretations of scholars that there is no contradiction with the theory of directed development and special creation, and its evidence from the Qur’an and interpretations of Shaarawy and others. A book in its entirety is very beautiful. It provides you with physical, chemical, biological, and geological information in a simple way and provides your faith in religion and the Qur&#39;an. It makes debates between opinions. It is not possible to direct your opinion with the opinion of the writer.
A comfortable hotel with all that the word means. Very beautiful and worth a visit. There is no
The novel is very good in its entirety, had it not been for the emotional accumulation that made it to a lower level ... the philosophical dimension in the device H.A. raised the level of the novel, as well as on the side of Abu Kashouf .. who is occupied by the idea of mythology, this novel is good for creating a state of no stagnation.
I was unable to comment at the beginning of this novel because it was impossible for me to comment, but there was no way I could surpass it without taking into consideration the feelings inside me. I have all the admiration for the novelists who explored the depths of the human soul. Here, Youssef El Sebaei focused on the most intimidating of a person in life, and he was very terrorized. And the second need that focuses on it is faith in the judiciary and destiny, and this is really difficult with all that we see from injustice but this life is not clear, there is no clear limit between white and black, otherwise the test remains a strong easy .. more than something that affected me, come The story of love in the novel, although it did not exceed one chapter, but it expressed feelings of years, a love story of shaking Not for a single woman who was not satisfied with her instead, even after her death, and he looked forward to meeting her day after day without getting bored .. The novel may seem at first a story every day, but it left the deepest influence inside me. The same feelings I had, let me be dazzled by the kindness and humanity that the society of the simple and without whom the evil of the world would not have endured.
Azazel made me lost in other worlds. Often my darling comes to me and rarely leaves me. I think that Yusuf Zaidan used the oldest name of the Devil when he was worshiping among the angels to prove that in the case of Heba Azazel, he does not necessarily drag him to evil .... I think that the great suspicion does not lead to evil but rather is the dark tunnel that leads to one place from which the light emits, soaking the soul with reassurance and taking Faith is home to .....
Some people may be surprised by what I have to say here. I am not a fan of Gandhi&#39;s personality ... and while reading this book, I made sure of it. His introverted personality, very shy and I would be bold and negative say I achieved what not much has accomplished and created a new concept of resistance. Why if the book was awarded stars? Because the book falls under the classification of books that rank on the throne of my favorite type, the biography, and also the book is beautifully written .. .. More importantly, Gandhi&#39;s positive influence in the world by his negative resistance is impressive, whether you like it or not.
I am Abu Qalamoun .. in every color I be. Choose from the Donna earning..If your age is below. Foolishness of time .. Time is a customer. Do not lie with a mind .. The mind is mad. A masterpiece of Arabic artifacts and an affirmation that Arabic is the first language of poetry
Zidane devoted this book to narrating on us the history of the various religious groups that have now formed what he called the wonderful Alexandrian mix. He also talked about its conversion from religion to religiosity and drowning it in its swirls. It dealt with the history of the Jews and Shiite groups, the history of the Hesba, and finally the history of the Sufi groups and he spoke in detail about a number From the flags of Sufism and the vision of Sufism to the world in addition to some of the texts of the Sufi texts .. In this book it appears that Youssef Zaidan has lost between history and the philosophy of history, and this is what can be seen clearly in the way Zidane narrates the events in which he relies on making many of the historical novel false accounts S Based on his own vision of history, in spite of this, I still give him the greatest confidence compared to others in the field of history, as he is a researcher who is a researcher, who is an avowed and passionate about his work.
One of my favorites, very good as always ... The Hillside Beach Club is really good for people with different expectations..Although it is an active club with lots of activities, you can always have the opportunity to silently calm or silent beach or you can take Dinner quietly at an exceptional camp by the sea.
Damac is a great hotel. Ease of dealing .. and provide everything. The site is a little far
I recommend everyone to the hotel and I hope to visit again. Nice, comfortable and quiet hotel.
I had the pleasure to stay and it was as planned. I was impressed with the cleanliness, service level, and speed of check-in. The prices of restaurants are exaggerated. Prices for drinks inside the rooms are high
One day Talal Faisal will know that we are robbing him:
The worst that may happen is to strip a person of his dreams and aspirations. The book is a literary masterpiece, but it is very sad, depicting man in his worst brutal situations
Of course, if you like to eat and satiate, you should try this place with good decorations and a comfortable chair so much that we ate an Istanbul kibbeh and an Antioch kofta and a mezza problem. The most important feature in the restaurant is generosity, where we are used in non-restaurants to take small samples. Stars, I want to tell the violin ... I was hungry and I am writing .. A lot of restaurants are honestly excellent
I read it voraciously and from time to time I re-read portions of it every time I find me amazed by the style of Alwan and the way he describes feelings, events and destinies creates words in a surprising way. One of the most magnificent things I have read, even though my short soul does not have to read long novels, but I have completed them with an excess of my desire to complete them. Even though she is mired in sadness, pain and soreness, I loved her a lot. All appreciation to Muhammad Hassan Alwan
Very sad, I do not know if it is a distinctive feature of the birth of the same year? . The book is delicious in its entirety and the smoothness of its rhetorical expressions at times and colloquial times ... on my own I liked the rhetoric more because it is completely new. About the content of the book. The title may be very similar to you and therefore it is expressed in your name. If we take the spirit of criticism, the title will express the contents of the book. Q will find its first chapter, which stopped me severely and its last chapter, which is clearly and clearly linked with the title. As for the rest of the two titles, I made them worthy of the spirit of the diaries that the title conveyed to us ... I would have liked to have diaries telling about the life of this elderly person, even if he only highlighted what he had gone through ... but your story start is wonderful:
Excellent. Good deal.
good. Cleanliness, quietness and very helpful staff. You need a taxi to get to the Dubai Mall and regular taxis are not available there
To be honest, my Nawras experience is very good for the second restaurants .. I see that it is not unique in the region .. Even at the level of several regions .. The shawarma have a delicious pass .. Hummus is their right known for it delicious .. The kebbe is not vacant and the grills have a good .. Al-Sayadiyah, they have a delicious pass .. This is, however, that they have a section for families and it is the only restaurant in the region in which there is a section for families .. Honestly, it is a distinct restaurant and good that there are restaurants like this as we have in Muzahmiyya .. Of course there is nothing complete: .. Their prices are very expensive, sometimes eating Many .. all but a hero to each other .. And I expect that if he succeeded in Riyadh, he would succeed and walked his market .. because the workers who are in it Discrimination and their work is distinct .. Just:
This continued work I read to Amr El-Gendy .. He says that he was influenced by Youssef Zidan, but I see that he likened him to Dan Brown closer to me, at least I. It is very clear that the method is developing with a need that deserves a star .. The idea of work is essentially what I deserve, as well as a star ... The work team, the way of narration and references that he came back to, and the information was presented even though it is not fun like Dan Brown and feels that it expanded a grain of it or I need more plot, but I am tired of it and his efforts are clear, and this is almost the first time I read an Arab work like this, and I also want a star. So we got to. Personally, I listened very carefully and made me read, and I followed him and signed him, not even once, so I want him two stars:
The real meaning of the word hotel suites. Everything is as it should be, clear attention to every detail of the most beautiful accommodations I&#39;ve tried. nothing
Excellent. The site treated the employees. The price is especially expensive in fluorescence
My favorite hotel constantly. Everything I like in the hotel, starting with the staff and ending with the excellent and excellent location ..
Beautiful hotel. . Lack of safety for one of the reception staff
good. Excellent. Old .. away from the campus ..
A deep book that deals with the most complex issues that may lead its owner to lost and atheism, and compiles it under the title of the right on which minds do not differ. How to meet it Sewn in a unique way and the most beautiful in the book unique narration method. One of the books that will remain on the shelf for generations.
Excellent. High-level dealings from reception staff, especially the manager, Mr. Mahmoud, where there was an electrical failure in the room, so he replaced the room for me, offered me hospitality, discounted me, and provided free cards for the enough
The first thing that started reading this book was my intention to add it to our star, and then read it, but after a page I found it excellent. .... its title is also totally inappropriate for its content, so it includes other things. If the writer had to stick to the subject literally, it could have been written in about or a page only.
My stay in Golden Marina. I enjoyed my stay in the resort and liked the beauty of the beach.
Delicious and light: She brought me back to the childhood atmosphere:
It is a novel about love and fear. The love that pays a thief like Abd al-Qayyum is evidence that he leaves the robbery to remain only next to his lover, the father of the Eritrean refugee who came to his country fleeing from a homeland that does not show mercy to the weak and no place for dreams. She came to beg for a lost dream, and found a present no less harsh than her past to discover that a dream must have a well-known start signal to follow it .. And out of fear only she remained next to Abdul Gayoom as a tea seller in the car park .. Then came the others who did not stop being forced to misery by insisting them either by words of covetousness The poor or either behavior indicates the size of their whims. . Only an experienced writer can transform a painful reality into a creative action full of suspense that ends in one session.
Beautiful hotel. The location of the hotel is beautiful, a back tower and Zayed Street are very close, as are the metro as well as hotel facilities. Some furniture just overlooks it
How to choose a template and a heart for you in prayer If you want to know more then rise or go deeper into a dimension of several dimensions and make sure that you will arrive
There is nothing wrong . The staff treated the cleanliness, the location, the parking is wide, and I will repeat it. Breakfast is modest, the internet is for two people, we bring it to the industrial area, the apartment overlooks the main street, and the sound of cars is audible and a little annoying.
. Comfortable bed and excellent breakfast ... excellent location. There is no
A very important book for every working Muslim. But to the general Muslim. Corrected a lot of misconceptions. And he took me from the illusion of science to discover the fact that I am ignorant. However, it is encouraging to learn. Some people may have difficulty reading some of his first slaps, but it is getting smoother gradually and you end up discovering that the book is over without feeling
Comfortable and quiet accommodation, but the price is expensive. I have not tried breakfast for its high prices, the bed is comfortable, the place is luxurious, tidy, and the hygiene is excellent. Prices are very high. It is assumed that the reduction in the lobby is a nuisance to the many meetings.
good. . Inconvenience at night beats drums and psalms
Learn from Ramadan what you will do with your life after Ramadan ,,, religion is a way of life and not a temporary period in which we push for a period of one month per year represented in Ramadan, it is the motivation to continue and not an occasion to celebrate it to return to what we were before Ramadan
Wonderful. The cleanliness and services are excellent and the buses are close to the hotel and there are shops nearby. The only problem at the time of going back from the Haram is crowding at the positions of the prison of the jinn to the campus in Ramadan. I would not advise anyone to rent a hotel in the prison of the jinn at the time of Ramadan.
The first novel I read, seriously, a masterpiece, and my dearest love in narrations, and deserves more stars and more
The hotel is a world of imagination. The hotel is a peak in beauty and splendor .. Raaaa .. .. unparalleled luxury .. location .. service, reception and facilities offered at reception .. I certainly hope to stay again in it ... wonderful story from a fantasy world. Only the delay in receiving the room .. Please take into account the early trips that require getting to the room early despite my note.
Great book, I found it difficult to understand some things, but like the whole book, I understood what this revolutionary meant for my law. I liked drawing attention to who is the revolutionary and that he is not the one who participates in the activities of the revolution, I liked his trilogy. Worship, work, and social struggle constitute the entirety of the way of life of all reformers throughout the ages. Discuss the problems of the intellectuals, or as we claim we are the elite who have only theorizing through books or newspapers. My attention is drawn to the fact that consciousness and mobility always start from the middle class, so the poor masses do not wait to own. Consciousness and you start to move .. Rather, you have to move and control it emotionally, to go with you on the path of the revolution. May God have mercy on my law and God’s forgiveness, and we ask God to bless us with the sensitivity of guidance
Excellent. . The bathroom does not have a bath
Good hotel. The staff’s treatment is excellent, the rooms are clean, the location is good and closer to Sharaf DG station than to the Mall of the Emirates station so I see that the Holiday location is much better in terms of proximity to the station as long as the prices are close, the hotel is suitable for families. I booked my nights, but after the first night, I got a circumstance and had to leave and tried to recover the amount of the remaining two nights, but the hotel policy does not allow the refund of amounts for bookings through booking even though there is no season and many hotels estimate such conditions for customers, however the hotel offered me a free night in case Reservation once again and they are thankful for the offer, but as I said, Al-Holidayi said, it is much closer to the Mall of the Emirates and the DJ station.
God is beyond description. By God, the hotel is very cool and new. There is no
As a breath of good air, the sun blessed my soul with its forty rules of love ... a breath that we need from time to time given for us to supplement our paths in ways that were emptied not from love alone but even from the fragrance of love .. a book that I will always return to when the soul descends into a breath that revives it..felieve with our spirit Mawlana
One book reading is not enough
Oh the joy of what happened. . Bathroom plumbing repair was not done despite being reported and there is no hospitality fruit dish like the Hilton and no one is interested in following the room’s cleanliness as we booked two rooms for four people one cleaned and the second one did not and did not attach a special sign not to disturb and search for cleaners we did not find and most important thing please take it Considering I had to leave and leave my wife and her family and my work sent me a car to take me and my sister and her husband to the airport as they were present in the hotel and they are residing in the Netherlands and I asked about the entry permit for the car to the basement and they said his cheek from below and when we got down the security man told me that they are laughing at you so they have the permit Palas Accept. So I went up again and said we would call him and that was the hour. Sunday evening / I got off and did not call and the security man on the counter in the street did not respond and did not enter the car and said: Go to the end of the street and wait for the car there and actually we walked there but we will not go to the airport and we went to the hospital because my sister fell in a big hole located on the cover of a broken sink and caused Full foot fracture
This book was issued more than a hundred years ago, but it is suitable for every time with a tyrant ruler. If you are looking for true enlightenment, start with this book ... Prefer to read it more than once because it contains many information and to consolidate it in the mind.
Excellent. The hotel is quiet and beautiful, the furniture is new, cleanliness is very good and the staff are very helpful and in general the hotel is excellent. Wi-Fi is a problem of cutting it in some times, even if the advantage is that it is free to get away from the women’s door .. Whoever has an older woman let him take precautions .. The hotel is his place with the hotels in front of the mosque’s mihrab and thus it is at the farthest point from the women’s prayer room and I found a needle in the secret cover
Excellent. Great hotel and great service.
Shahama Abu Dhabi. Speed of actions.
How I wish to bump this heavy book in its value and size into the mouth of all those who philosophize, prosecute, criticize, make fun of or underestimate the right to restore the land of Palestine or the right to return to it .. to every spot in it without exception .. I do not like novels and literature does not move my feelings usually But this story is very different from all the above that I have read. Sad? Yes .. depressing? Certainly..but there is also a feeling of oppression, humiliation and weakness. Even if I am not a Palestinian or a refugee, or if I have not seen war or want. The stories of the displaced, who were killed and those who were not killed, those who were arrested and those who were not arrested, those who were raped and those who were not raped, those who were burned and those who did not burn, those who were forced and those who did not ... I do not think that there were no people were not forced. The novel revolves around a sophisticated life. A girl from Tantura, one of the villages of Palestine. During her years between the ages of seven or eight to seventy, she witnessed many events of wars and massacres from almost a year until the days of the liberation of southern Lebanon ... About a sweet time, or any of the refugee camps comes to mind a picture of my closet full of exorbitant clothes, I feel disgust with myself closing the book, I will reopen it after a few minutes because I want to complete the story..read more about the massacres, I bring my picture and I put a man on a man, I comment on Political events I think, as I sip coffee, that I analyze it in all logic, I hate myself and revolt M. More. Close the book .. I re-open it again. Read a page or two and then I am thinking .. Will you come back? Can we? What do we do? what should I do? We were in Palestine .. We have become in Palestine, Iraq, Syria and Egypt on the way. Is there anything that can be done in the first place? Going back to the pages of the book, I am looking for anything that inspires hope..there is reason to rest..I think..Rakia and her family and friends are still laughing despite everything that happened to them..they are still shouting, but they are still singing, oh the length, stop your mind .. They still believe ... and if they did not witness the fruit of their patience, they still believe..a strong..dear and if they deny injustice and aggression from everything else ... if you have children or young brothers read to them or make them read the novel. May God have mercy on Radwa Ashour, a thousand mercy and made it from the people of Paradise ... How great is her narration
Exceptional. All the hotel workers are great, especially for children. Provide a place to stop and download taxis, change your password daily for Wi-Fi, the swimming pool exposed to the sun, and its time is short.
A thousand and a thousand sharp-minded question .... Is it enough for him to spit out hatred and anger on paper ??. As for his suffice, what sadness did he dry ??. As for his sufficiency, his feet did not follow a long path? Is it enough for him to count the fault of those who followed the path before him ??. As for their sufficiency, they did not suffer from the trees of the fields and the olive branches in a country that was his. As for their sufficiency, the blood of the deceased was swept by the earth ??. As for their sufficiency, what did the bereaved put on the martyr? From the Diwan. Greetings and before and after. Where did he start ... and where did he end? And the cycle of time without limit. And all that was in my west was made with a dry loaf, and it was found. And a notebook carries some of my load. I spit in his pages the hatred of me. Where did he start ?? Greetings, kiss and after. I tell the radio .. Tell her, I&#39;m fine. I tell the bird ... if you encounter her, bird. Do not forget me and say okay ..... I am fine. What did we gain, ma until we die twice? Once we die in life .... and at death. Do you know what made me cry? Hebei fell ill the night before the dead body. Does the evening mention a migrant who came here and did not return home. Does the evening mention a migrant who died here without a shroud. Willow forest, will you remember? The one who threw it under your sad shadow, like anything is a human being. To whom did you write these papers ?? Any mail will be loaded. Road, sea and horizons were blocked. My parents, my brothers, family and comrades. You may be alive ... you may be dead. Maybe you like me without a title. What is the value of a person..without a homeland ... without knowledge .... without a title. But Mahmoud Darwish&#39;s words did not come from the depth of the same anger and revolted. But. Even if the trail is longer than dark at night. And that lovers and dreamers perish on the long road. The end of a beautiful olive branch trail The path is dark, dark. Those who sacrificed their lives will die for the redemption of the earth. My question remains. As for what they did to restore the land and collect their olive leaves ??
The first book I read about the Brotherhood and I liked it very much in style ... but in boredom in the last third of the book, but I continued it to the other
Since I am looking for a positive letter with an optimistic view of the potentialities of the human soul, I was happy that I chose this book to open the challenge of reading .. It inspired me a lot ... Thank you, Professor / Abdullah Al-Maghlouth for this edition. Thank you for your effort in highlighting these simple and smooth features .. I would recommend reading it.
Wonderful. Excellent location, beautiful hotel and very good meals.
Even love and the two may be considered a crime
very good. Quiet and comfortable hotel. nothing
Time. Ruby deserves to come back. The rooms are spacious and clean. The speed of finishing the entry and exit fees. The crew is excellent and good in dealing with the internet. Good parking is available and available. nothing
Very beautiful and distinctive, I liked their wording and the messages between them as well as the writer&#39;s language, and the end I did not expect.
Excellent . The crew and breakfast.
These stars in the sky are the souls of our loved ones who have gone, its fire the torment of separation and its light of longing for connection and convergence. Radwa Ashour .. God have mercy on you. A small novel like a dream that summarizes our reality in a big way with a smooth style and a beautiful description. It is not strange, of course, to Professor Radwa Ashour. OS is hope trying to penetrate the darkness of injustice and tyranny. Beware, slaves, Naaman, they are half of the island’s residents. If they rise up against us, our king is lost and lost. To dare to act, and thus grow old from their souls and spread fear in their hearts and ensure their submission to your authority
A good place for families and nice to be honest. The location of the hotel and the view are excellent.
. . The rooms are not soundproofed
A wonderful anecdotal set that exceeded my expectations, after reading two novels by Abdo Khal, the first is very medium and the second is bad, I do not know what motivated me to read this collection even though I had promised myself not to read to the man after his last novel, the important thing is that the beginning was not encouraging with the first story, The second story and what followed was a wonderful, rich literature, deep story, and a terrible and very interesting narrative building. I heard reading each story as if it was a world in itself, even though the stories shared an environment and people who look very similar .. I remember that I commented on his narration of the pain of the Ghawi and I said If she had been brief, she would have been in a much better picture Because it was short in which the literary sense of Abdo Khal emerged and he actually succeeded in formulating powerful and shocking stories on a few pages ... he exposed the entire Saudi society, he did so in other narrations but here I think he said everything in a few pages was sufficient, especially in the last story, which was Its title is nothing to delight that story alone deserves the full mark. The Saudi society’s chapter is very cleverly detailed. Here corruption emerges in this society that we have long believed to be a religious, angelic, and authentic Arab society, empty words, nothing different from other societies, but almost worse. The important thing is that I wondered at the end of the book, if one of the officials in the A country that works these fortunes and steals the state’s money and the poor for amusement parks and prostitutes and building luxury palaces, so how if the ministers and those in the kingdom with the highest status of the royal family and the princes and ......, this question ran in my mind throughout my reading of the book ... deserves stars And a half ..
Sweet experience in the Pullman. Quietness, close to city center, room design, cleanliness, breakfast. Heading for breakfast from building to building passing through parking lots, also the pool is very small, delay in handing bags or delivery of requests, lack of a clear sign to infer the hotel entrance from the parking lots,
very good. Breakfast is fairly good and the bed is comfortable but I think the bedding is not of high quality .. there is no
Nice . Away from the city center.
Among the most beautiful novels I have read .. His servant had an empty hidden strong ability to play in the reader&#39;s psyche with his words.
I cried two hours after I finished reading the novel and not while reading it..then silent..I am still in an abnormal state of interwoven feelings..I would not exaggerate if I said that this novel represents the same revolution for me..So it left me like I did with many in the same situation Of the intertwined feelings..S sadness, frustration, depression, disregard, indifference, absolute pessimism and cautious optimism that does not exceed one ... Dr. Ahmed plays on the details again..Details of the characters that many may not care about..Even in Egyptian and international literature are addressed The marginalized characters are monochromatic.. either white or black..or the good poor who raises the value of poverty or the poor poor He who has taken poverty as an excuse for his evil..Here this does not happen..All characters are gray in color..All of them can love and hate them..All of them came across her a lot and did not bother to notice her hidden misery or even her apparent roughness..I know places with the same description of Dahdara Al-Shinnawi in my country Tanta..Perhaps for this I had a good idea of gliding the train, the bridge, and the garbage on both sides, the bean wagon standing, and the men who relieve themselves and their backs of the bars in front of everyone ... the opening of the fence that allows passage of two streets, their misery is separated only by the train bars..but I lived A period in a street very adjacent to such a place in my grandfather&#39;s old house ... I know exactly what the doctor is talking about ... so it was I committed double adultery..I might have met Afaf at the place of offering, coiffures, or the chicken cleaning place already..Maybe, I did not pay her attention, but rather inappropriately spoke of the flashiness of her veil, the tight skirt, and her constant frowning .. Maybe I did not care to know anything about her sorrows and permanent oppression The hidden behind a word and its variations..Singa Al-Sranjah Al-Sijja Al-Sarjah ... I liked the Ibrahim Abu Ghasaiba line a lot..I read the same line in a short story of the doctor published in the old constitution titled Taaf Tilq wa ... This story was the most terrifying of all ... perhaps because of its extreme reality. It was not published yet and no one has read it with appropriate attention .. I was waiting for a day for the doctor to republish it or publish it on n. A broader expectation and he did .. In my opinion, it is suitable as an independent novel, but its existence as a line in the story of Al-Sanjah did not detract it .. The man who lives two lives does not know which reality is from his dream..But if we were all like this, then we have this universe..this is one of the most horrific fantasies of the soul and not I know how Dr. Ahmed could stand the idea without getting chronic depression as it happened to me ... This is a great novel..tiring story, reading and reading despite its easy and reflexive style as the doctor&#39;s habit .. a novel that deserves to become one of the most important novels written about before and After and during the revolution, although it was not fierce or melodramatic, as others did.
Please, time. Hebei, Almighty. Dhulmah Barah more than light. I thought that .. I choose. Before I know either, if I am forced
There was neither a stray nor a sign in the Nahd, which was not mentioned here, but he closed his office with sermons:
The book is great and the writer has excelled in his thoughts on verses and hadiths, especially the hadith of Al-Urabi and Surat Al-Kawthar and the propagation and the aid.
Great hotel and great possibility to re-visit. I liked everything, starting with the reception and the distinctive aroma of the elephant, passing quickly. The cooling is high, the aroma is quiet, the place is quiet, and the elevators provide forever. The refrigerator is very small
Room cleanliness. . Unfortunately two nights they did not clean my room though I called them and asked to clean the room
Childhood of the heart of how much I was excited about this book, perhaps because of my intense enthusiasm for Dr. Salman&#39;s writings and opinions and his high humanity. Of dreamy idealism and his biography contained chapters in which people who enriched his life also praised with a certain idealism then the book returns to shine brilliantly when talking about his imprisonment period in which he did not explain the reasons and did not blame or criticize anyone and my feelings greatly touched his imprisonment period Solitary and depriving him of all means of communication and how some people abandoned him and even harmed him, and in return, many of those who loved him sincerely stood beside him. Only here people’s minerals appeared, I cried for the death of his son Abd al-Rahman and prevented him from burying him. Years of imprisonment were not enough to punish those who disagreed with them, and after his release from prison he describes wonderfully the meaning of freedom, whose meaning is known only to those who were deprived of it, with different forms of prisons.
Excellent for the family. Quiet comfort, location and breakfast. Unavailability of positions
A very boring start. After part of. The novel is bits
Because I am not allowed to enter Jerusalem ... I said to a woman who lives there: Be my eyes. This is lost in Haifa with an almond memory
The hotel is excellent. The location is close to Al Jaddaf Metro Station, and the service is excellent. It is located between Festival Mall and Dubai Mall. The room overlooks the pool and is not suitable for conservative people and there is a bar in the hotel
Mahmoud died because he approached the truth too much. The second reading is by Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq. I salute the writer, as he has not found the easy way, and it contains a novel that talks about the technological future of the planet. The writer tried to take the idea of the future and turns the table on the reader. My favorite is almost terrifyingly realistic. What I sensed that I read novels in some not one novel and its strings are homogeneous with every story in it. The novel talks about darkness and its seriousness, and for me it was a shock, I always know that ignorance or darkness is the permanent danger to any extent and any society, but to read a novel preferring darkness from The truth is this really shocking thing. The novel de Ayza proves one bleak need and darkness is useful even if for a short period we will spend it on the planet the novel raises an issue and we all want to reach the truth in order to relax but it is a lie that no one reached the truth and was comfortable or remained with his entire mental forces. The truth is very painful and difficult for us as humans and very few None of the people who could tolerate it. The novel spoke about the theory of evolution in a very beautiful and new way. The novel spoke about political corruption. The novel talked about the difference of thinking between East and West about the future. The sweetness of the novel is all in the description .. The story can be good and narrative, the events are terrible, but the accurate description and the zoom camera that are running along this scene are in which part of the novel is the one who has a very beautiful depth. It is possible that the only negative thing is that I knew the end the first time that I reached its text, but it was also completed to the other, because of the wonderful method of description and narration. The novel is strange and very creamy
Exceptional. Cleanliness and room size.
Finally, I got out of the castle for many days. I lived with heroic heroes inside her walls, between conspiracies, seas of blood, and betrayal .. At first, the story did not attract me to the style of writing based on Sajaa. I felt that I was reading a text of literary texts scheduled in the secondary class of Abbasid or Umayyad literature. But with the past, and exceeding a few pages, this method was the reason for continuing to the end because I felt it that I really lived next to Shams, Banban, Hafeez, Qamar Wanija and Al-Bahha in Mamluk Cairo. The novel is generally good, and worth reading, which is the first thing that I read to pilgrims of Adul. If God wants.
How do you look in the eyes of a woman ... You know you can not protect her ?. How to become a knight in love? How do you hope tomorrow .. Lloyd sleeps. How to dream or sing a future for a boy. As he grows in your hands with a relapsed heart? Hope, hope, hope, nothing else
The book has six stories, the first of which tells of the daughter of the devil and how the devil in his death felt that humans are better than demons because they are making mistakes and ascribing them to demons and that they are doing good and attributing them to themselves. And how did the heir to the throne, the devil, think of the girl who was born in a palace surrounded by demons, not seeing men and not knowing evil, and does not commit wrong, and how did Prince Aquamarine introduce her to all of these .... As for the rest of the stories, they are enjoyable, especially the last story: a cup of water, a lemon, and a starch of reassurance. .. is an enjoyable book of fine language:. Mohammed Attia.
A seriously narrated narration
A novel that explains the slow pace .. An account of the memoirs of the political prisoner Aziz Benbene, who found himself in the midst of a military coup, is definitely worth reading.
Wonderful. Tranquility, comfort and cleanliness are excellent for families. Away from the vital places in Dubai and there are no services nearby
Omar died ... yes he died ... was stabbed to death ... but you have not died yet ... or did you die even if you were alive? This is the difference ... Raise your head and extend your neck, because Islam is not sick, our religion has not died for us, God bless you. I salute your religion, may God protect you. If you allow the Qur’an to do what Umar did for you
Tact, polite, very practical procedures and comfortable stay. Breakfast is ok.
Comfortable stay. The reception staff treated all the sophistication and development in the hotel restaurant in addition to the good handling of the staff. The knock on the door of the room is nine in the morning by the washroom, which is an inappropriate timing
We have been in constant amazement from the moment we arrived until the time of departure, this was our sixth visit to Egypt and the first time for this particular hotel. Certainly, this will not be the last time that the staff, from the manager to the cleaners, were friendly, helpful and polite. Workers seem to enjoy spending their work, looking and smiling all the time. The entertainment team was something else, they have unlimited energy and enthusiasm. The whole place seemed fun to be a part of. The whole gardens were very clean and looked after. The beach area is well kept and watched with enough beach deacons for everyone. We could not see a paper thrown all the time. The rooms were normal but clean and well taken care of. We were told that we can get a mattress to put on the bed if the first mattress looks solid and this is the first time this option has been given me over the past years during which we traveled so we ordered it immediately and indeed it was set at a time Standard. The food was not the best at all but perhaps due to the circumstances of the turmoil, the food was normal but it was prepared in a good way and in large quantities as well as drinks. There are some expansion work in place, but in a way that does not cause much noise and only during the day.
A wonderful book the size of the pain that beats in his letters How much is this mighty teenage girl with all that she went through and how confusing the behavior of parents I think a lot if I was in the place of her parents what should I do? If you were a teacher in that school or that is what is right ... Life is difficult a lot, it does not facilitate things for us, so there is no right and wrong always there are challenges in every situation and loss after every decision has an easy life with a classification of right and wrong so that we can easily experience it
A really useful book and it keeps you out of any monster you are in for happiness
The title of the book will be expressed more than any words I can say. He is really very hard. Difficult to read: The rule is to read and laugh to the point that my sister gets away from me .. light and quickly finishes
good. Location: room size. Pay more attention to housekeeping, uncomfortable bed mattresses, easy-to-open balcony
Les Misérables is a novel that expresses its name and content, as Farad Hugo expresses the oppressed classes in French society at the time. Fate would only have combined Jean Valjean, Fantin and Cosette in the crucible of poverty. Here, Hugo wanted to revolt against that reality and rebel against him through this novel and through its events. It is the man who was imprisoned for a loaf of bread that he wanted to support his family and save her from hunger to that lady who was unaware of her lineage and also gave birth to his child whose father did not recognize her and never knew her. The girl lived a life of misery and misery, and did not know the joy in her childhood title except when she met someone who drew her a new destiny. However, the thing that Hugo did not know is that the events of his novel did not die, as it is still today, but with new characters and names that are alien to each other, and they are not restricted to French society alone.
Emma enjoyed listening to my reading of the novel, Guantánamo, which shows the extent of the effort made by its author, Dr. Yusef Zidan, who confirms to me from one novel to another that this man is one of the most contemporary writers, if not the best of them, who are able to use their tools with the utmost skill .. I am skilled at taming the Arabic letters and words to formulate sentences of them with the charm of the benefactors and the splendor of the style, which makes him distinguished among his peers, Finally, literary jewels deserve to occupy their distinguished place among the masterpieces of Arabic literature .. In spite of the gloom of this novel, the suffering of its anonymous hero and the concentration of events in one place and around one person, which can make some people do not like this composition .. However, the writer was able to impress me with his narration To the feelings and thoughts of the imprisoned hero who was unjustly imprisoned in a chilling place just because he was mentioned by the body like the Guantanamo prison, and the writer brought me to a degree of integration and mixing with the protagonist to the degree that made me live with him, not only inside the prison, but inside the prisoner&#39;s mind with all his thoughts, feelings, concerns, sense of injustice, oppression and faith The strong in God and his trust that was not shaken by him, namely, faith and trust in God are among the most important reasons he endured the horror of hell in which he lived for more than five years .. I. It is a distinctive feature of each works d. Youssef Zidan, which makes me amused, relaxes me psychologically, and increases my focus while reading .. The novel is great and deserves to be given. From .. And waiting for the third part, light is hot than embers
A unique experience. The hotel family treats very comfortably and is eager to win the customer&#39;s loyalty.
I don’t find time to write a review .. but this is an honest novelty
How can he accept this? That ring ... unjust. To be far from your body and heart ...? To be dry? To look at the woman, you only realize strange features that you examine in a strange way, denounce everything around you, so your liver transforms into a robotic organ that does its purely protein diary that does not cost any effort. He does it gracefully because he is separated from her, as she no longer has a problem with his mind. It became an easy part of the careless act. If he was disturbed by his free being with his mind and mind, Walid Al-Hurriya and the disapproval of a mind that no longer cares except for what he was fascinated by, such as chocolate and reading stories. There is no world for life for a LaPette car, nor for children, who are all part of the impulses from the arguments, from the life supplement that transforms you from a discovery child into a routine being. But I do not accept that the end of the mindfulness is death. Being awake in a parallel world remains you. With your full concentration and free awareness of that parallel world ... no no. No death would have been, but I would not give him the right to define a life he had not seen. But to weave from the world a thread for the Hereafter, as if death is the result of true knowledge, with a new weaning after a long concentration ... but here it ends the psychological problem, or in the sense of the true truth of his soul with complete darkness or complete awareness similar to death. But I fear this. The angel throws him a date, wean the heart from life and turn the world to an appointment. To one truth? If what I thought, there are demons as well. She does the opposite ... I think I met her .... an unusual novel that brought me to death
Where did the unexpected delight remain?
Saber, a destitute young man, hours before his mother’s death knows that his only hope so that he will not follow the path of sin in which his mother was penetrated is to find his father who was previously believed dead. So he goes to search for him with the money left for him. He moves to Cairo, where he finds himself in front of two paths: his mother&#39;s obscene path, which is represented by dignity, and the path of love and life represented by inspiration. He flops between them until he loses the logic integrity and even the reason he went for Cairo becomes even more distant from him. A beautiful story that represents the psychological struggles an individual faces in his life in a unique and seamless narrative style.
Humble . Close proximity to Deira City Center Mall. The staff is very diligent, especially brother Sharif Edward. The furniture is old, the internet is not free, the smell of bedspreads is very expensive compared to the furniture in general
For the second time I read to the writer Mona Al-Morshoud, and from the most wonderful and longest novels that you have read to me and the shortest story I also read to her, even though I do not prefer the stories, are the lame properties, but they were beautiful, realistic and light, Muna Al-Murshoud is one of the first writers who proved the extent of their proficiency in two different types of writing style A short story and novel of the long type has always failed so much in the quality of writing for one type, it was brilliant, I hope to read more to her and at the same wonderful level.
Excellent . The staff was excellent and thank you for the room upgrade.
A wonderful book that every person needs to contain in his library. The book contains among its folds the history of Islamic nations and their interactions with other nations from the start of the call to Islam until the contemporary time. Advice .. read it
His father, mother, peasant life, death .. death .. death ... Imad rewrites previous concepts in poems .. prose .. in which he pays attention on the idea and the content and adapts the language to perform the desired meaning ... so that he does not care about the wonderful or aesthetic word Or Al-Fakhim ... as much as he uses them all to perform the best possible image of his poems ... Imad Abu Saleh, a true poet ..
I liked the story in terms of philosophical depth, scientific details, and literary style. My only disadvantage is that of the reincarnation. I hope to read novels of contemporary writers of such strength
Visit trip to relatives. Its location, cleanliness, children&#39;s playroom, room size and hall were suitable. The positions were few, far from the room, and the average buffet cut off. The location of the air-conditioner in the bedroom was noisy
Excellent. An elegant and distinguished level in terms of the luxury of the hotel, access to the available and distinguished services, as well as the road leading to the Galleria Mall. Not to use the Arabic language on the iPad and the brochures in the room
Excellent stay. All you have is very good. Slow down in service and not listening carefully from some employees
Today’s stars are not the stars of the hereafter… How many stars in the world walked behind his funeral, five million, and the crying cried and committed suicide on his coffin, then he is now a nonsense, I do not mention him nor a name… . My God, I will not judge you when we forbade fancy and seduction. These are my children’s things that demons decorate with people and give them to them in dazzling clothes of decoration that go to the mind, so the person doesn’t see any hole that will put his feet
Convenient hotel. the breakfast. Slow
Excellent. Chloe Tammam is a respectable hotel. There is no
Quality is different from what I personally read before. The protagonist in the novel is the city of Alexandria in the time period during the rise of World War II. The novel takes you to the city, you live in that period, you browse newspapers, enter the cinema, walk in the streets, and interact with the burning events surrounding and all that accompanies life during that period of facts, myths, hopes, misery and happiness ... a very large number of parallel lines .. political context .. social. Economic .. historical in addition to the protagonists of the novel and the writer was able to spin them with extreme craftsmanship ... although I am not satisfied, I mean it, but it is a strong and important novel ... worth reading
One of the most beautiful novels that you have read. I liked the novel&#39;s name and the name of the characters that were not familiar to me:. Although I know its end, but I eagerly read it to know its end. Quotes I liked:. We only grow when we add something around us. If we board another ship, we should never expect us to reach a place other than what they mean. Anyone who possesses a principle or cause comes whoever bargains over it
Overall excellent. The staff was very classy, helpful and helpful with the inmates. nothing
Enjoyable. Location and speed of entry.
Masterpiece, masterpiece, masterpiece, and I learned so hard from it. Naguib Mahfouz, a linguistic encyclopedia, what God wills .. I liked it very much, and every part of it, and every story was unique, and what distinguishes it for me.
My first experience with Al-Ghazali will not be the last. It contains very shocking and profound information and I believe you by saying that I have read the introduction to the book more than once .. A realistic book that addresses this intellectual decline towards the West and the Communist and Crusader parties. Whereas Islam has its own independent entity. It discusses how the values of Islam are mixed with customs and how some thinkers take only the crusts .. to reflect it wrong to the world ... The book is useful and provides solutions for those looking for enlightenment ..
Alia never disappointed me. .... A really painful novel .. Love, sacrifice and sadness mixed together and drowned in her sad events .. My eyes never stopped crying. Style and language have an effective role in attracting the reader, and this is what I salute to the writer, Jamal Al-Adab, second thing. The stars do not stop, but deserve more and waiting for the new for sure
A very important book, encyclopedic. Wonderful in all respects to me. She touched on her .. a sea of historical information .. and an unusual effort in research and conclusion .. He talks from the beginning about the Arabs in pre-Islamic and their contact with other nations, and analyzed the nature of the Arab mentality intelligently .. the second chapter between ignorance and Islam, the Islamic conquest and the process of mixing between nations .. and Religions and their manners religions and their etiquette and its impact on Muslims .. The Greco-Roman influence in literature, described the scientific movement and explained it with many pages .. He spoke about the Jews who converted to Islam and inserted their doctrine and knowledge in the Islamic religion and had an invalid effect, such as the gift of bin Munbah and Ka’b Al-Ahbar ... dedicated to a whole chapter On religious movements, on the Qur’an, and the difference in Tefsi Rah, and about the hadiths in which we find Indian wisdom, Zoroastrian philosophy, and the Israeli and Christian sermon .. Identify matters that had a great reason in creating the hadiths. Including political rivalry, and verbal and juristic differences. And to legislate any unlawful acts committed by princes and caliphs .. and some tolerated the matter of virtues, carrots and intimidation ... and they found the hadith is the only door wide open, so people entered from it. And they did not fear God in what they did. Chapter seven is for religious groups. The caliphate was the first issue in which the dispute between the Muslims intensified and their opinions diverged and around them are the most important Islamic factions in the first era .. They are the Kharijites and the Shiites and then the deferred ... Each group was devoted a complete chapter to talk about their beliefs and opinions ..
fantastic place . I liked the room furnishing, the bed is comfortable and the kitchen appliances are integrated. The power of the internet connection is very acceptable. Nothing but the quality of the pillows are good and I hope they are better
One of the most beautiful story collections that I have ever read .. This man is an expert suspense
I say to myself, as I read the last words of the book: The writer refused to leave me without the smile that I gained in the first pages of the book .. Thanks:
Thank you for your hospitality . Proximity to the city center. nothing
One of the most wonderful things I read for Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud and whenever I prepared I read some articles whenever I discovered more between letters ... The book contains many important articles that deal with astronomy, the universe, spirit, body, morals and important foundations of life in addition to the religious component that covers every topic it deals with
I was listening to the music of longing for Marwan Anwar while I was reading it .. So the depression was most severe, I mean:. The first story I liked is the mixing of several heroes, even though I do not read the two novels .... the rest of the stories I liked very ... the stories&#39; covers are horrible ... I had to return more than a page because the novel is burning high ... the fact that the butcher is one of the novels that is covered in the book P This loves me in it without anything at all. The book is sweet ... I liked it, and I recommend that it recite after a need to slander ... triple Granada or one lung ... after the distant sorrow Diwan guide ... or read and you hear any song by Amir Yusuf or music by Marwan Anwar .... concluded Seat:
Soil . Cleanliness, delicious food, and garden. I did not like the changing breakfast ... before it was better and more varied .. but its price is good
One of the most beautiful reading. I have been in this world for a year and I have never seen a person change a flag if he hears a better banner and I do not see a commodity whose price will decrease after a rise. Whenever the name of the World Bank appeared, a name was associated with ruin in my important mind that since it appeared in our lives and we are getting poorer .. Just as Egypt is no longer well, then the Good Morning Egypt appeared. The secret of honoring us with sums for the dead is that they will not harm us anymore. Description of Arab idiots: She tells him Zaid, so he writes immortal .. Amr reads it and understands Bakra Genius as usual
Ghassan, you are one of the few to whom the pen stands in front of respect and appreciation. You have a prestige that you can line up between the pages, a prestige that makes me adore this method in which both my eyes, my heart and my soul meet at the same time. No one cares about her anymore. You are a role model for anyone who wants to write and engrave his words in people&#39;s minds, you are something of unlimited value because you have combined them all between your words and that illuminate your soul in everything that is read. You made me hurt, made me cry, made me dazzled, made me unable to wait until my eyes saw more of your words, really you are special in everything. How inspiring and painful your conversations inspire me about what has happened in the catastrophe, and what is contained in the release of the prisoners and the wounded
Dance ... dance ... dance ... Haruki Murakami ... Japan ... I often see the Dolphin Hotel in my dreams, and in these dreams I find there stuck in some ongoing events, everything around me says I am part of this continuing dream. .. between fantasy and real life .. the life of capitalism .. Murakami overlooks us with his wonderful dance .. dance .. dance ... the persuasive man who connects the life of the dead or ghosts to the world of the living .. death and its thirsty smell .. suicide and killing .. lost life. The unfortunate misfortune of life ... all falls under the weight of a Murakami pen .. It moves it as a doll suspended with silk threads .. This only increases you by entering forced, but rather With your consent in the details of his novel, the idea may be normal .. Suddenly and without preludes .. You find yourself in the middle of the strange world of Murakami holding your breath ... Thinking of the next ... With Murakami&#39;s novels, you only have to dance ... close your eyes and dance with the rhythm of his novels Al-Amifa ... / ... The number of stars I dedicate to this book ... Murakami does not dispense with pornographic excitement in his novels ... and this is a star that fell because of that .... And long as you keep the Merciful ..
Calm and relax in the crowd of Dubai. Distinctive and calm and good treatment and cleanliness I asked to change the wing because of the proximity of the elevator and for fear for my children and they gave me a bigger and prettier wing in just one hour This is the third time that this hotel is an option for me in Dubai Great hotel. Nothing, just the price is high
Of course I read it a long time ago. A novel by the creator Ahmed Murad. In his creative name, because he always makes you sure that he will provide something of creativity. The novel made me imagine the story in detail, which is what makes me very much interested in the film, and I compare my imagination with the film, and like what is a novel in which many Z-events are made .. Ahmed Murad has done well
good. . Valet parking services, and they have nearly a quarter of an hour for each car
very good. . WIFI
Logic and religion are no different. At the beginning of the book, the writer says that God poured the prophets and drank jurists. This book explains the history of our people from what preceded us in civilization and greatness in a correct and non-false way, for Andalusia was occupied, and the caliph was drunk, and poverty was widespread. In this book, you become a person who seeks his heart, analyzes and lives a Muslim in his own way or at least not the way of jurists.
A very interesting novel, and its style is beautiful, and its historical events are of the kind that does not exist in history books. This is one of the most important reasons for its success .. But despite its tragic end, it is more than necessary, even if the end is real. But I really enjoyed it .. Thank you Ahmad Murad:
Exceptional. Nice reception. Very clean site.
A novel that is less described as a genius novel
Beauty and luxury is the address of this hotel. I liked the atmosphere of the place, as if you are in a European country in all respects, and the fact that everything in the hotel is elegant and wonderful, especially gardens, swimming pools, and the beach, I highly recommend it. Only the standard of the rooms does not correspond to the luxury of the place, as well as the striptease of foreigners as if they were in their homes
Super cool hotel. The hotel staff is very welcoming and interested in the comfort of the guests and their immediate response to the presence of any complaint of adding the hotel is very good and salutes the house keeping room space and the presence of two bathrooms in the room Chef Ayman is an excellent and friendly person and it is very welcome to have parking inside the hotel Buses for the campus are excellent. Wi-Fi service was available without an internet connection in the rooms The network is good without a connection in the coverage room of the Saudi Telecom network was almost non-existent
A wonderful story reveals to us the paradoxes of the past and tells us about the misfortune of Hanna’s suffering and his long suffering.
The one who lack the thing can not give it to others . This is Aisha&#39;s summary in parentheses. Aisha was not interested in death and contemplated and feel taunted. Aisha was searching for life, for love, for safety and happiness. Aisha wanted to live more than death. Aisha, after the death of the prohibition, was looking for a reason to live life, so that the guilt contract would disappear. The negligence and negligence in its size, motherhood and life. When I looked in the mirror and said I hate Aisha. She was setting herself on the first steps of healing and life, death is a right and life is right. And when we realize the meaning of each of them we live in happiness. And safety and stability. Aisha was lucky because she reached the inner peace inside her, because she knew the meaning of life and the meaning of death, Aisha in his memory during the seven days lived a philosophy of a really bleak type, but from my point of view it was the first steps of happiness and stability. Aishah philosophy we must all live. We realize that we are not victims, as we sometimes claim. And that death and life are linked, and that when we understand life with its concepts, we realize death with its truth and peace. And when we know that death is a right, we live life with its meanings and dreams. Aisha was lucky in my view that she came up with this theory and this philosophy, life and death are linked. Only we can decide how we will live, and why we will die. Wonderful broadcast, as usual, its narration, language, philosophy, gloom, unique and truly tempting world to storm it
good . Excellent location as many services are available close to the hotel, Landry Restaurants Supermarket. The gym is very small and the swimming pool is also small
A very enjoyable agency with many events, really a great novel
Gorgeous . hotel manager.
This is the book that put me on the right path
From this book, I learned many things about life, self-management, and anger, I do not hide that I was very angry before I read it, but I discovered that what happens during your anger makes you regret perhaps the length of your life.
Interesting in my opinion, the best of Omar Taher&#39;s books
wonderful site . Hygiene and luxury and proximity to the campus. The internet is weak
Wonderful. Staff calm comfort. price
There is a relationship between the captives at Abd al-Rahman al-Kawakibi, and al-Harafish at Naguib Mahfouz.
very good. thank you.
No one who wrote this person in his reviews, Mostafa Hegazy, will do justice to a rare phenomenon and his topics strike the corrupt basis. This book and before it, social retardation, are books that should be studied, and they are one of the rare anecdotal Arabic psychological books of weight and consideration ... successive shocks with every page that the reader gets out of. This man&#39;s books should be translated and distributed ... especially for countries with more darker oppressions than us
Excellent. Cleanliness. Not knowing taxis
good. . To be honest, the second floor was annoying again because there were night rooms for girls in the club in the same floor. I couldn&#39;t sleep
good . Cleanliness. She requested a baby cot and did not provide, and I returned with what she requested and sent only his blanket
good. Close to the campus, the large number of lifts and the diversity of the morning breakfast. Small bathroom, lack of personal hygiene tools for two people, lack of a fruit basket or a container in the room, inconvenience from the next room and extending the elevator access
more than great . Romantic ,, very clean ,, sweetheart.
Very excellent one of the best hotels in Dubai
Featured . Honesty The hotel is complete, distinctive, God willing, cleanliness, view, evening reception staff, everything in it is distinguished, frankly, and the next time, God willing, is my first destination in Dubai. I wish Wi-Fi would be free, and this does not detract from my hotel
Excellence and inexpensive brilliance. Everything .. A notable development from a previous visit.
good. Comfortable and spacious room. The bus was not available after Dhuhr prayer due to poor coordination between the drivers
The most beautiful thing in the book is that it is not just a recounting of stories and situations to tell Ooo Wow, but rather it analyzes and explains situations so that you learn from them and can because of this it is possible is many events in the life of our Master Omar and is centered in other events can be many of us
very good. . Wi-Fi is not free of charge in the rooms
His comfort and hostility. The location of the hotel in addition to the screen of employees and privacy and meeting the desire to live in the upper floors, as well as giving me a room where smoking is available.
Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
He answered many questions in a cool and wonderful manner
Well worth a try. The health club is very beautiful.
The location is very close to the campus. I liked having two toilets in the suite and kitchen. There is no
As I mentioned one of the sisters below, it is interesting .. It reads smoothly, but I wanted to mention some beautiful points in the book. His comparisons between America and the Third World countries are funny and sad, and as the evil of misfortune is said what laughs Creation of some strange names and its continued use in the book, such as Edward I, the Supreme Family Council and others. Some nice and interesting analyzes, such as his analysis of the large number of ads on American television. I do not know why I did not like this point, which is that I liked his talk about himself sarcastically, for example when he spoke about obesity and also in other places. The book is very beautiful, in which some benefit is read very easily, not exceeding one and a half hours if your reading is slow:
Very quiet hotel. A very comfortable stay. The size of the rooms is small once
The hotel enjoys quietness, cleanliness and wonderful views of the squares and the Noble Sanctuary. The reception is good and the services are excellent and easy access to rooms to provide a large number of elevators and the presence of dedicated parking. Difficulty reaching the hotel due to the roadblocks and the traffic system of the streets surrounding the Prophet&#39;s Mosque
In today&#39;s technology world, they seem to be talking about an incredible movie narrator. Maria Margarita, the heroine of the novel .. I did not read a novel until after a page, but before that it was a necessary CV. The element of suspense in it is based on the uniqueness of this talent, the narration of films, and how her life went with this talent, which turned into a daily profession. The novel was subjected to a lot of pain and painful feelings from multiple parties. A father, mother, brother, manager, old man ... but what surprised me was that the novelist is a man and the protagonist is a woman. However, he managed to capture the character amazingly.
Novel rules of love for the forty to download the novel from this link. : //. /
Wonderful. Excellent staff.
Cute and cute light tutorial book
Amwaj Rotana. Thanks to Amwaj Rotana for the good reception and hospitality, thank you to all the employees of this hotel. We are the supervisor for Dubai ... the distance between the hotel and the metro station
We miss Jerusalem. An embracer embraces him. A shout in the way of God will flow. We miss a long time of glory. He brings us together. And tomorrow I love you. Just as I dreamed of ... without fear. Or prisons .. or rain. Oh poetry knight ... Say to the hair, excuse me. Hair will not be heard. Those who have been inspired by disbelief. I write on the grave. This is a nation that left .... It was not left of its people. Male .... No trace. O hangman .. between the litter a lame girl ... Shouting at its wings bleeding. You have age .. a red night .. in Munif palace. And my age is ... the smile of children in an honorable homeland.
Different. I used to complete the story of each one of them and know what will happen
Nice story, good luck
It was awarded five stars only for the sake of rebellion for the sake of God. Our Arab society has lost its day, it has lost its freedom ... and today it has slipped into a permanent state of self-satisfaction ... and today it has leaked to it from the inside that the rebellion is an unnecessary luxury ... from within the text
A very useful and brief book.
Wonderful, sarcastic and knowledgeable
The novel was a masterpiece in terms of language and interconnectedness of events ... It was very coherent, and it was wonderful ... but the end: it was not elaborate. My man is left working as a masterpiece of Z .. She rushes to the end like this .. Generally, I really enjoyed it
Wonderful, comfortable, enjoyable and happy stay. Everything was more than great, we enjoyed a lot and we hope to visit the hotel again ... nothing
A beautiful book .. His style is enjoyable and not tired of it ... Resolving a struggle within me about the ruling on the niqab .. Whether it is an obligation or a virtue .. He convinced me that it is a virtue from the book and the pure sunnah and used a lot of books to Albani in this regard ..
One of the most beautiful books is his words that cross the eye to reach the mind and emulate and argue it.
Although I felt bored in its text ... It is possible because of the culture of Kuwait far from Egypt and I am not used to the events of the novel ... However, the novel is really wonderful. The first thing I knew was that Saud Al-Sanousi had a second book other than the bamboo stalk. I decided immediately that I needed to read it ... The information in the novel is very good ... I personally benefited and sympathized very much with the heroes of the novel. God save our Arab homeland
Quality service and facilities This place multiplies the price of homosexual sauna accommodation for single day users. It also contains a massage and gym, which makes it for businesses. The strongest feature is the service of employees. The accommodations are standard rooms and suites, which are actually just large rooms with balcony. The rooms themselves do not have anything special and look expensive due to the price. But the price also includes the use of gay facilities. High quality non-sexual massages. The pool is very beautiful and long enough for some actual swimming. The location is somewhat inadequate, with a narrow driveway, difficult to access. The atmosphere is fine with men, and under the policy of men only and those over the year, this is a safe place to enjoy the freedom and relaxation of homosexual travelers.
This book is a masterpiece. How can this writer combine the three religions with impartiality and respect. How does he formulate the novel with all this ingenuity? And how do I give a transparent picture of all. . Actually this book is a masterpiece. And sorry for my ending
An interesting trip. I liked everything with distinction. nothing
good. . The door to the apartment opens from the outside and I told the staff more than once, I asked for a key to the bedroom several times, and they brought it after I asked for an additional report, and I paid him an amount and they delayed in bringing several hours
What fantasy does Yusa have? An amazing novel
Excellent hotel for those wanting comfort. excellent. Lack of restaurants inside the hotel, but the Atlantis Hotel is very close and there are more restaurants
Excellent . The location of the hotel. Price is low, please drop, and wi-fi does not open quickly
very good . Eating, reception and hygiene and I advise everyone to go to him. When I asked for another bed, asking for very exaggerated money
A very important book. I advise everyone to read it
Among the best in steak restaurants is a respectable restaurant, distinctive decoration, and the crew of young Saudis who are dedicated to work and cheerful eating. It was very excellent and its quantities are excellent and great for me. One of the best steak restaurants I tried in Jeddah.
I love Akad Lai Khan. And who sold ten times. The one who gets to meet me is absent, and the one who left me is free of charge. And who took a profile, then they missed the flash. And who guided the dream when the dress is blessed. I like to confirm that I am satisfied. I am still nice and calm. Cover more and more. Would you like to be surprised?
Novel: Between the two palaces. Written by: Naguib Mahfouz. ..I admire him from a man who permits forbidden fun for himself, and prohibits his family from permissible fun. Perhaps the strong will could provide us with more than one future, but we will have no will, regardless of our past, but one inevitable past and no escape. . .. =====. A novel between the two palaces, which is the first part of the trilogy the most famous ever in the history of the Arabic novel, and the composition between the two palaces is the palace of sugar longing, and all these titles are for places in Cairo where the events of the novels revolve .. The Naguib Mahfouz trilogy is considered the best and greatest of what was written in the field of the novel And still today, despite its approaching the completion of a whole century, it retains the first rank as the best Arabic novel in the list of the Union of Arab Writers .. The truth is that despite what we have come to see, it is the lack of credibility of prizes, ranks, and fictional titles, and their lack of expression of quality always honestly, but that The trio has earned her title from a wall There is no doubt about it, but I also deserved to keep it undisputedly for all these long decades, and I am in doubt of the emergence of my novel that is capable of raising the Arabic version of this extreme peak of creativity and professionalism .. I did not feel the passage of time as usual during reading, and when the novel ended with that The brilliant conclusion filled me with two contradictory feelings. The first is a feeling of overwhelming happiness because I am on a date with two upcoming novels that complete the same events, and the second is a feeling of regret because the trilogy is the best that Mahfouz wrote, and the last thing that was written in the stage of social realism, and that everything that comes after it is from the smaller novels In size, the most expensive in th Symbolism and philosophy, and this, unfortunately, is not my favorite novelist direction .... ... The events of a novel between the two palaces begin in a year, and it moves on to a wonderful history of a revolution, and its course revolves around the family of Mr. Ahmed Abdel-Gawad, who Mahfouz in creating his character is an unrivaled creativity, almost He elevates him to the level of historical personality, as he describes to us with the most accurate spatial, physical and even psychological details, the image of the authoritarian, powerful and powerful father and head of the house, who has absolute authority over his wife and five children, and who carries his home on a course of excessive excessive adherence, and how he is outside the house of another completely different person, and in a way Very shocking. Then he describes to us with the utmost precision the personality of the simple, innocent mother, subject to her husband, an absolute subjection that is difficult to describe, as well as the personality of his three male sons, Yassin, Fahmy and Kamal, and his two daughters, Khadija and Aisha, and how the developments of events related to the family of the master, as well as the political situation and revolution fever, will have implications Certain of the father’s absolute authority, and the stability of his house, which was controlled by an iron fist .. .. A novel between the two palaces, despite its large size, but I wished if it had not ended, and once I penetrated deep inside it, I decided that it was the best that I read from the accounts on The Arab level, and it is also due to be considered The second best thing that I read on the international level, after the novel The Les Miserables .. .. is very eager to start in the second part of this trilogy, which assures its reader beyond any doubt that its author is a writer above the Arab comparison, as we should not deal with literature that is preserved except As an integral part of the masterpieces of world literature ...
Fashion
This novel is truly remarkable despite some of the gloom with which I believe and I think that Dr. Ahmed was talking in the novel about himself as Mahmoud Al Samnudi and this is a personal opinion and the reason for those who follow the articles of Dr. Ahmed was speaking in one of his articles about that woman who sees the future and her people do not believe her and she saw all What I warned of it is happening and this made her live in agony. I don’t remember the name of the article now, unfortunately. At the time, the doctor was talking about the situation in the country in Egypt and warning about what was coming. Icarus, what do you think?
Beautiful hotel. Hotel cleanliness and price. The internet is weak
Comfort and calm. The scent of the hotel entrance scented. There is no
A good place to stay This is a location you should plan if you intend to stay long and near the Jebel Ali area. This area of Discovery Gardens / has three hotel apartments, and the shape of the building and rooms is almost the same for all hotels. I visited all of them and found this hotel offers the best price. The hotel was good with basic home amenities. So that you can cook your food in your room and even wash your clothes.
Very good and excellent. Everything is excellent ... but if there is no alcohol.
Excellent . The location is excellent. nothing
Generally a good experience but breakfast is required within the package in order for the value to be good for the price. Good cleanliness. Lack of breakfast in the package, non-acceptance of late departure, lack of a decent pool
I lived with people, their tragedies, their mistakes, their thoughts and journeys, their slips and their feelings. These stories may be stories for your own life. Perhaps you will also go through situations like this. I do not think that some stories should not be read because they all contain lessons for the first people.
Great hotel. The hotel is great cleanliness, luxury of furniture and lobby, location and restaurant, reception staff treat very wonderful, especially mentioning brother Abd al-Rahman and Brother Hossam, exalted in taste, literature, elegant style and cheerfulness.
Genius outlook
It took place, the first and second time .. The Kondirian novel does not conclude, it is included in a wonderful, wonderful, and wonderful story that was placed in my hands .. This is my detailed review. : //. . /. / ...
Wonderful with its smoothness and beauty .. Many narratives surpass it with its eloquence and eloquence .. But the high coordination of sentences and ideas is what gives it a glow that makes you move between its chapters quickly and enjoyable .. Between simplicity and love and then fatigue and pain and oppression and sadness .. Hopes rise and then tragedies fall to you .. It is a dramatic account of the odd opportunities of life .. But the end is honest, I did not like it, not with the strength that I expected .. meaning the last page.
A long time ago I did not read a good work like this .. Hussein Al-Barghouthi is a very delicious pain writer
What sorrows gathered to stay in one family ... but who among us without sorrows? A beautiful novel despite her sadness ... long with many events ... Despite her sadness, I was smiling whenever she shouted when she was a child and she was old and said: Lloyd. I cried a lot, as usual, in sympathy with the novel, with each of its members, and I was finally happy with an end that pleased me a lot.
Delicious, especially Big Mac, but late delivery is the problem
A beautiful and light book, which tells about a language student studying in New Zealand. The book is entertaining.
good. Location cleanliness. Narrow rooms, privacy of rooms not suitable for families
Farewell, stranger ... Your stay was unfortunately short between us. But your memory will always remain. And forever,. Until the stars burn. In order to catch you there,. And until we all include the mercy of the Creator, Glory be to Him. Then we will not need memory. Because you will be with us,. We will remain so ... forever,. goodbye Stranger ,. Goodbye Ismail raised: /: /
Wonderful and comfortable. The calm.
A book tells about a part of Al-Badari, history, reality, and Al-Badari is that center. The administrative section located in the south of Assiut Governorate on the eastern bank of the Nile is bounded by the Nile from the west and the mountain to the east .. In fact it is the eastern plateau plateau and not a mountain, and the Red Sea mountain range is not as it was the largest boys We were not delusional in the past, when they were telling us that we as children are younger than them that they climbed the mountain to the end and saw the sea on the other side, which led me to assume that they were going to the Red Sea, despite my attention later that we in our country call the Nile a word: a sea, perhaps for a bone The Nile for us, or because we don&#39;t see anyone else, or Because the Qur’an called it al-Yam in the story of Moses. The map shows the location of the Badari Center between the centers of Assiut Governorate, and changes have occurred in the administrative division from what the writer was telling, as Sahel Selim was an administrative subsidiary of Badari, and today it is an independent center. The following map shows the villages and areas of Al-Badari Center, some of which the author mentioned. Look at Al-Badari and Al-Aqal Al-Bahari, so this is in the north. The book begins by examining the history of what we now call Hamisma, and the large villages to the south of which are called Gao, which we all denounce in Al-Badari by calling it the Republic of Gao. The writer mentions something of its history and the meaning of the name and its source, and it narrates stories about its people and what they were exposed to, then examines the customs, traditions and history of these groups Of the people whose social unit was ruling it is the family or what we call in the upper family and it is more like the significance of the tribe than just being a family, as he says this country did not know and until now some of this still exists, the government only knows in the form of a person with effective authority, This may be someone who offends Or it improves the use of influence and power represented by the government’s horses, and these were days as what the writer described in it or wanted to convey a description of ignorance and tyranny that is better than our days, now every government official, and they are often those who have a relationship with the interior or supply, these two ministries are the most In prejudice and seeking the lives of people, every official is a corrupt person. Otherwise, when he arrived, especially after the June coup that still brings us in the darkness and intolerance, as the January revolution showed us of all the potential and potential goodness that needed freedom and justice with a lot of patience in order to reach We were not hoping, but his reckless abortion and the coup d&#39;etat were aborted Diabetes. The writer talks about the suffering that the people suffered, which was a picture of what the era of the king was, and he talks about his hero who left the country to Cairo, so he visited the Al-Azhar period from which we knew how the situation was in this ancient university in which there was little left of God&#39;s mercy, so we knew the Sheikh Al-Jarjawi, and the echoes of Jamal al-Din al-Afghani, and his students like Muhammad Abdo, were conveyed to us, and Sheikh al-Jarjawi spoke about our rulers, what they changed and what they changed. He drew our attention to some of our history that we were ignorant of, such as that the family that was famous in the coast of Salim, which is now an independent administrative center north of Badari and was called the House of the Pasha is the family of Muhammad Mahmoud Pasha, whose name is the famous street in Cairo that witnessed events after the revolution, He refers to the accident of Khedu Abbas Abbas Hilmi, and how people believed that the father of Muhammad Mahmud Pasha would have become the king, had it not been preceded by Sultan Hussein Kamil. With his memoirs, the author almost revived old pain and suffering, from the conflict that has been going on in the aftermath of history, despite our lack of knowledge about it between the north and south of the center. Some kind of intolerance and distinction between these two, drawing in that the natural differences between humans, geographical differences and some Gao people are still in extreme poverty so that the torrents that descended in recent years have been affected by the last damage. And they are still not coming to teach except to the extent that any government job may provide them, even if they are workers as skilled merchants, they travel to Arab countries working and send money to their families that defied the shape of the village, so that you are now walking in the village of Al-Nawoura, which is one of the villages of the center, so you find it better than Bandar Al-Badari, which is the administrative center for shops, expansion and trade. He cautioned about the history and habits of her death, and how the walk to the disappearance was, such as what was mentioned about the impact of employment on the island on the breakup of family ties. The political system in Egypt has been constantly eating away in society with knowledge or ignorance of new customs, so it has broken off from the family ties until no longer is the family but the name, and none of its customs except those that are afflicted and within the occasions of joys or funerals the man works for the wife works, and the wife may find an employee and the husband an employee and their home is like The city&#39;s houses do not have any of the sources of good that were in the past, which results in production related to the agricultural environment, such as field sowing, beasts, cows and buffaloes, to produce milk, cheese, and paint, which is municipal ghee, birds, and poultry to obtain white and white flesh .. As for his talk about injustice and the exclusion of families and the largest share and contract Relations with the government has ballooned, including the families of the sons of the top positions in the army, the judiciary and the police, some even lists the level of arms Pvt use it, taking advantage of discounts in the revenge in that influence and immunity. The writer Abdel-Al-Eqali mentioned that he is often the grandfather of the well-known family, which remains so far in the sea, and among its most prominent names is the Counselor, the Reverend Iqal, and he mentioned the Nawasir family, which is still one of the largest families of Al-Badary Al-Bandar. These are some of the photos mentioned by the author, you should pay attention to them to improve what was and get rid of what is there. For example, the policemen among them were many patriots who served the country and the ordinary without fame, and sometimes even against the orders of the elders. We had habits that kept peace and security, and at the same time, the spread of knowledge was decreasing
Exceptional. I recommend this hotel, but breakfasts are very expensive and exaggerated. Unfortunately, I thank all the staff at this hotel, Mohamed Maghrabyd.
Decent hotel. The hotel is excellent in all respects except that the price is high for some things.
The most beautiful hotel in Minya is one of the most beautiful hotels in the governorate of Minya. A hotel that cannot be described nor talked about, but it can be narrated as a quiet place for the couple and is useful for children and for the family to spend a fun and very distinct time. In which
my favorite place . Everything is beautiful and most restaurants are under the apartments. Need maintenance from frequent use
Ahmed Abdel Hay Kira Nazli Doulat Abdel Qadir
Exceptional. Close to everything in the news. Internal positions
A wonderful book ... reward Sheikh Shaarawi about us all the best ....:
Kaya is the living land ... I have never read anything related to civilizations and history other than the regular educational books .. But with Kaya I was in a very interesting state of history and civilizations ... The way the novel was presented was very beautiful and every line in the novel contained feelings and feelings .. and all Part has a sense .. A very interesting start with our primitive life, the primitive world and the people in it, and how they deal with ... to a tremendous amount of detailed events ... until we got to this world ... the world that is offensive to our ancestors and is offensive to our previous civilizations ... because everything in it has changed and we have become In a completely different world we can say backward. We lost a lot of values, morals and principles .. We lost a lot of Adamic .. We lost how to deal with events and people, even hearts ... I loved Kaya very much and liked history and civilizations until I came to a lot of research in them to learn about the images and forms of the characters of the novel and became in those ancient centuries:. Indeed, any one wants to forget the world and the world, and every need can go to Kaya, because it will leave you in a second world with other people. In permanent progress, God willing:
One of the most traumatic, traumatic novels of her village ..... Oh God, even the words cry and the letters energize anger. When honesty is painful and painful ... When honesty and open souls are among the most difficult tasks ... When obtaining inner peace is the easy and abstaining. She cried, shocked me, and puzzled me ... She brought many feelings in front of me ... Opening the last box of the most daring and fearful acts. And the search for God is one of the most spiritual and wise acts
Very cool place. everything. exist
Exceptional. Everything I liked since I arrived from the good reception and cleanliness, really, thank you all.
Longing for darwish .. a novel written by a poet .. and a lover&#39;s heart..darwish lover There are novels that take you to another world, but its language is fragile .. And there are stories filled with strong language and wonderful expressions, but the content does not rise to being covered in a book, or if the consumption is weak. But here ... with the wonderful Hammour Ziyada ... with Bakheet and Eve, I found my life. Important and different content .. The high-end language that closes to poetry .. The facts and historical information that come alive .. The figures carefully drawn up until I almost see them in front of me .. And the love story that promotes the love of his angels and not humans. My first reading of a novel that is all happening in Sudan .. I have not encountered in the hands of any novel that talks about this near people and its closest history. And he admitted that for the first time, I got acquainted with this Mahdi, who appeared in the country in his era, and about the devastation that the country has gone through because of it. At first, I felt distracted .. I know nothing about this date .. And the writer refuses to sequence his events in the order in which they occur to increase his reader&#39;s confusion and confusion. But after reading a quarter of the novel, I began to pick up the strings and follow them with passion and interest, so I was able to realize what I lost in the beginning. Bakhit took me .. and if Thidora had not realized her love for him except before her death .. except that I was aware of my love and my passion for it from the beginning of the novel. Revenge for love .. for love. Otherwise, your heart will calm down and your soul will not settle until after you take the revenge of your loved one so that the head lifter will receive it .. This is the love of the dervish ... the love of the dark dervish. And the story is not limited to the revenge of a lover for his beloved .. If we look long .. We will find a genuine Darwish revenge from the people of Sudan for his country from everyone who was the reason for its demolition and ruin under the name of religion and Mahdia. Even if Bakhit was not aware of this, Al-Hassan, the owner of the other love story in the novel, believed him, the other dervish, and his sincere love for his weaning. I do not understand yet how the writer managed to combine all these fine feelings with all these deaf historical facts without any boredom or boredom. There is no word or line that is not in its place ... Rather, I was thirsty for more than this, especially in the conversations I had with my girlfriend and about. I interacted with the narration psychologically, mentally and physically .. I almost cried at the death of Eve .. I almost became crazy when I buried her cache .. I almost cried out to her calls while she was waiting for him while she was tormenting .. And I was saddened by the condition of this good country than it was in it and went to . A wonderful novel that does not differ from those who taste the sweetness of the word and its eloquence .. I intend to give it to many and to read it many other times.
The book is suggested by my girlfriend, I liked the satirical and bold style of jitters
good. Close to the Sharjah Clinic.
good. . My remark is that there is no packet in the application of a smoke offense as the smell is very annoying
Good hotel. . Knock on the door by the cleaning crew and the minibar. It is supposed to put a paper in by entering from the lack of permission and not to knock on the door.
Bee disc pain tolerates honey craving. . Your words are your letters. . ..
Very cool . Excellent location and elegant services.
Quranic miracle the writer tries to lip it, a wonderful book, even though I hoped that the first chapters would extend longer, noting that the writer showed a historical medical scientific culture and depth in the Arabic language and an amorphous thought that made the book perfect for me .. Bringing problems that still exist in our time with offering The solutions and the strange thing is that we rarely see those who have implemented the solutions .. One note that I can refer to regarding the book, which is about what he reported on John the Baptist, our master Yahya, peace be upon him, which is that after the investigation, what was attributed to him are from the Israelis, who used to say that they misrepresented the Bible.
Today is like yesterday ... tomorrow. By the way Balbros took over the rule, I thought about him in a way he took Alastben
This book is a treatment for all the problems of life. But it is flawed by the medical errors mentioned, and this is due to the amazing time spacing of the horn. There are also after the projections brought by the author and his fanaticism against Sufism. But the book in general is very beautiful and the style of the author is easy and easy
The third work that I read for Elif Shafak and fascinates me with it, the novel is very, very enjoyable for all these women and all these events and linked them together in an interesting manner and a dazzling plot and the presentation of events from two perspectives at least made the work rich and enjoyable, I did not care to read about the Armenians before so the novel was a beginning for me to know them Up close and know more about the relationship of the Turks to the Armenians
Wonderful. Everything ... with business beside the hotel, but you do not hear the sounds of the presence of insulators in the rooms. The internet is weak inside the room
Very great, I learned what I did not learn in four years ... a rich book and an experience worth studying and reflecting on
Before I arrived for the second semester, I was decided by the stars and the incomplete star because they are not stories of Oi, what are the positions and thoughts of some of them stinging, but real and others are very realistic. But after what started the second chapter, and thus the third chapter, which in my view is more than wonderful and supposed to be degraded at the beginning of the book, it was very difficult to differentiate. But in a new and unique way, it is not boring and repetitive, and encouraged me to read to the writer once, two, three and ten. Well done, princess, I really enjoyed it and saved it in an hour, but from its sweetness and reading it again more than once, because I feel that I will receive the needs of Moseltenich from the first reading
The most beautiful thing. Taif. Praise be to God, everything is mm. There are no notes
My rating is very good because Pepsi is always hot and not caring about a drink other than that, even though meals are normal
The price is overrated. the place.
I am very tired until I bought it and did not expect it to be honest. Bin Bakhit&#39;s lines are really remarkable, regardless of the objectivity of them. I am talking about an accurate description of things. And his ability to draw it in our imagination, as if I were watching, why not read a book? When you start with the first line, you will not leave the book until the last page flips through it ... I loved his choice of the topic, and if I were in his place, I would not have chosen near his funeral pearl. I loved the characters like that, and I suffered a lot for the end of the changhafa and his stomachs. I wished she was happy:. My son, Ali bin Bakhit, attributed a lot of deluge to diseases and diseases. I thank God that I was not in that brutal time period. In short, the novel is great
good. . They made two reservations for me in my name, on the pretext that it was a mistake from Bukenguhasbouni for the second reservation, although I did not use it
Very close to the metro. Close to the metro station, and there is a mall in front of the hotel, a grocery, and a pharmacy .. The rooms are spacious, just like the pictures..the presence of a washing machine..and a washbasin, microwave, fridge and freeze..and they have a free swimming pool ... for those I like Wi-Fi..because we are all out and we have to go back to work .. And for those who like it, they delay their entry procedures ..
Interesting successive events, deep self-dialogue, history and legends beyond the river, a journey that combined two capabilities in some way, despite the contrast between them. The events were really interesting, interspersed with moments of simple boring narration. I don’t forget the contradiction of each of the two characters with their broken past rather than the ending that sparked my little anger .. except that it was fun
good. . Next to a main street and the sounds of cars outside the hotel are noisy
Your prices are fire. The place is elegant, quiet and clean, and the bed is comfortable, but the value is a little expensive .. I paid eight hundred dirhams per night for one unit for two rooms, although it is cheaper than it overlooks Khalid Lake .. There are parking spaces inside the building and the elevator connects you to the floor that has your room and this is the best thing. Breakfast needs more diversification .. When I arrived in the room there was a sheet in the refrigerator that wrote what is in the refrigerator .. But I discovered that the quantity differs from what is written in the paper .. For example, it contains ten juice while only five is present .. I did not care about the topic when I entered, and this is my mistake, because when I went out, I paid the dirham of the expenses of the food that was in the fridge even though it was worth more than one dirham.
Exceptional. Cleanliness and calm. The bathroom water is very weak, the service of the outdoor restaurants is slow
The story is very beautiful, very true ... It is true that it is very smooth and light ... but the very, very wonderful significance was loved by the lecturer Osama. And the beginning of his continuation in the story, and how he does not tell anyone how tired of his style, as if he is also addressing readers. But in a smart way and then delve into the events. The stories are all for one person .... I think the writer is smart and the novel is smart. I read a book of many foreigners, but similar to the story of Muhammad Sadiq. Outperform them in style ... Thank you so hard and I&#39;ll read to the writer again
Great choices that capture your heart
. Room area is large compared to some hotels in the central region, staff cooperation.
Surely, it woke up a giant who sleeps deep inside us .. What is unique is that I read it in one sitting within five hours
The largest amount of prices I read for Mahmoud Darwish. As usual, he is one of the best poets in Nisabali. He benefited greatly from him, his style and his ways, although this was the fifth Diwan he read in poetry, but he is one of the best collections.
The pain has many, many, pictures, in a dazzling way, far from making sophisticated language, in addition to the small parts of happiness, but it is really happy. I was a little bored in the part where Jose left his home and went to live and work with his Buddhist friend. However, she deserved the four stars to excel in the intertwining of events with each other and her language, which did not pass like any other by reviewing the muscles that abhor her.
The fourth star of the terrible end
Sufi scientist. Seriously, much more than just a novel that lives once and for all. .... A novel that lets you think about every need around you, something that you cannot handle from your hands so hard ..... .... We speak in a way that narrates the narration, the narration is mainly done as a history of philosophy and a short introduction to philosophy. But this is not purely from its level, as it is a narration of its many events and magnificence, and it has been lovingly worked hard for a solution. .............. Negative criticism. The translation was not nearly as special in the Descartes chapter ... because I used to have to read the sentence more than once so that I could understand the author, I would like to say what. ..... In the end, the book is hard
The most amazing place. May Allah reward you with a thousand good.
suitable place . Everything ... ====
The hotel is amazing. We would like to inform us when you have offers. Sowat business close to the hotel
good . Calm place, promise to park the car from the hotel&#39;s location. Wi-Fi is not free I stayed in many hotels and Wi-Fi is free
Exceptional. Treat reception and customer relations staff.
Narrators of a masterpiece, very enjoyable, and concluded it in record time: its distinguishing feature is the religious tendency in it
Exceptional. Special thanks to Professor Ashraf at reception. There is no
I finished reading this book in just one day, describing it as a very wonderful book that contains all the issues that our youth go through in this era, but I criticized the last parts of the book as he listed some topics about marital life that were beautiful topics and spread them in a wonderful way, but it is better to list them in places And books other than this book
I liked arranging the events in the stories and linking them together to make the whole story, and he made from one story four stories in four phases. I clarified many needs for the intertwined, changing and evolving feelings of different human relationships and feelings in them and mixing them with the passion of love
Excellent. Cleanliness, calmness and treatment of employees. The lack of change in breakfast and the lack of proximity to metro stations
Rest and calm means the immigration house. All the services of the hotel, especially the restaurant, the diversity of its varieties and the capacity of the wings ... The hotel&#39;s parking lots are very narrow, especially the entry of cars entry and exit.
Exceptional. One of the cleanest and finest hotels I have visited. Ghala in restaurants
A place worthy of thanks. Everything I liked about this hotel and the ethics of all the employees and workers, especially the young Ahmed Al-Maliki.
I did not know. The beginning of your world. The last of them to you. And if we meet as much. Reading touches the soul. Wonderful, Farouk
The first hotel is a name and a drawing. It is the best according to the standard specifications, in harmony and in full accordance with the trade name.
Good value for money. Cleanliness of the hotel. There is a supermarket next to the hotel, near the Rahim Mosque. The name of the hotel not shown in Bukking Taxis, not all of them give it
Few are the narratives that make us sacrifice the only day of our holiday in order to devour them. A long time ago, it was not imposed on the narration itself, as it did love. At first glance, the title appears very tempting and appropriate for this week of love, but what I read was completely different, love in its commercial sense is not what dealt with the novel, and if it seemed from the first pages to the opposite .. Love talks about the necessity of freedom from self-love and running after its desires, about the inevitability of looking Look carefully at what we have and stop the desire for what we do not only satisfy our desires .. Adoration of all its details is a special case, as far as it is close to reality as far as it is far from it, but it still continues in. Attracted you to know its end .. The first work that I read for Ahmed Abdel-Majid .... It will not be the last
Good hotel. Location, lobby, elevators, size of rooms. Hammamet and its system provided the smallest restaurant and the small number of workers compared to customers
You may not solve the problem of governance permanently .. But it suffices here that the ruling is in the hands of the owners. The play was written in a year ... The best thing in the period is that if it is in the book their opinions are taken into consideration ...
I did not get a booked bed room. . I booked a bed room and didn&#39;t get any beds
I am very comfortable with this very luxurious hotel. Everything is sweet. nothing
Today is the third of Ramadan, I hope from God that Ramadan will be right for us and be born from it for a full Ramadan year. The book touched me very much, its explanation of prayer and analogy with the river is very wonderful and realistic. He explained what was inside me and how the attachment to it in stages does not come at once, but the owners of the elite and the people of dawn excelled in their description. The most shocking thing is that he did not talk about anything about fasting, only the spirituality of Ramadan and that it is your door to start a new, clean year and your heart has new locks that your devil cannot. I recommend it
This book began with the power of the Qur’an, that feeling that the public suffers from that fear that afflicts a person at a stethoscope, and then he moved to the specific ones who manage the Qur’an and extract the pearls from it. Examining many verses in various meanings, whether from verses of judgments or stories, shows that the original purpose of them is to build the soul in God by strengthening it by glorifying it and fearing its punishment that the greatest purpose in the book of God
The beginning of my sailing reading was very close .. and reading about books. And I deeply regret myself that I did not start with this book ... which is so full. With a biography of the purest of creation and the highest of creation ... Advice for everyone who wants to sail in reading begins with this book ... and write a brief for him with this book to teach the correct biography far from. What are presented as fake series and fake films.
Never wait for death to live in love, never to suddenly come to you while you are until the moment for you. Do what you really have to do with the one you love .. The usual, as usual, is able to create surprise every time deeper than the previous one.
Excellent for business trips. I liked the very quiet of the hotel due to the lack of guests. I asked for room cleanliness for two days and it was not done
Alzain does not complete I lived in the Mövenpick Hotel from the day of Rajab for five days and everything in the hotel was magnificent and integrated in the best way, but on the fourth day of my residence, which is Thursday, Rajab after the afternoon, there was a big problem in the electricity, which is the explosion of the transformer that feeds the central area, which caused In turning off the electricity from the Movenpick, the extinction continued until Friday prayers, and the electricity between them was running lightly, but I was severely damaged, especially since I did not sleep on Friday night and Friday morning. From the reception For not even after I left us apologize for this imbalance did not compensate Bshi feels like we are reason for what happened and still waited for contact from the official but my two days in my country has not received any official communication from the hotel with greetings Abuabdaziz Saudi Arabia Qassim Onaizah
Very good hotel:. Bed and diversity of pillows. The Maharaja Indian restaurant is very good. The View Restaurant for breakfast is very good .. the toilet requirements do not rise to five stars. There is no bidet in the bathroom
And not after the Holy, but Jerusalem, and not after Jerusalem, but Al-Qassam
When I opened the book for the first time, I entered the cycle of time like someone who found a machine to return in history. I saw my eyesight on the map of the Arabs from Hadramout in the south to the Levant in the north, then entered Egypt, which is a miracle of time with its people who never had a single origin and sank all their types in the crucible of conquerors and invaders. The book takes you on quick successive glimpses in various worlds of our history and makes you surprised, proud, sad and frustrated at the same time.
good. The Hotel Labas had a classic room and I had a comfortable sleep after a working day. The bed has springs in it, and I feel it while I&#39;m on the bed
Sarah Darwish .. Masha&#39;Allah is talented and even doubtful. I loved some of the topics .. and some of the topics were a few, which I did not like ... one of the reasons is the sudden shift from a state of happiness and excessive love to a state of gloom and sadness. But in general, a great and really beautiful and interesting work because he reads to me once without any boredom .. After my husband&#39;s book, my love is still ready to read any new need written by the talented / Sarah Darwish.
very good. Excellent location for the hotel. The transmitter is poor at the hotel
A wonderful. You can never reach the truth I loved
The entire shy person’s vision involves the victim of his mother’s excessive fear and demonstration of him and the victim of his drunken father, the gambler who refuses to lend a helping hand to him .. Naguib Mahfouz’s genius lies in depicting all these complex and diverse personalities: the father, the grandfather, the mother, the wife and the main character. Many questions after reading the novel: Is he completely victimized? Is his mother mistaken for excessive fear over him? Does he deserve betrayal of the wife?
very good. The reception staff is on top of taste and handling. The breakfast buffet is very bad and the room service is very poor
A good amount of information about Guevara in a very beautiful context
The hotel is wonderful and comfortable. I liked the reception, the lobby, the cleanliness and the speed of the response .. I did not like the bed because it is small, it fits only one person, and also the room is very small.
very good. The location is excellent, the breakfast is also great, and another feature is that all sports channels are oriented, as is the opposite of other hotels whose channels did not happen and parking is available in abundance. Nothing
Beautiful hotel. The room is beautiful and overlooks. The number of elevators is few and late, and their services are slow and crowded
And time is the same as what I meant to memorize, and I find it easier for you to waste .... If the predecessors had seen our wasted times, they would have thought our lives closer to death than life ..... O God, forgive us, O God, bless us in our times and help us to exploit them to the satisfaction of you ....
Small family. Cleanliness and comfort. The surprising thing is that I booked a room and a hall, Talaat hall, very very small and forbidden, it says the hall originally, meters by meter, and I could ask for a bigger room to increase riyals ... the fact that I see it is a little overpriced for the price ... what works for large families because it is very expensive for them
The book is not for reading ... it is a show of art that has been lost in society. And he presented the concept of tyranny and how the dictator presents himself before us and the cartoon exposes it with all that simplicity so that we can laugh at our condition ... and if this book is simple in its content then the national page book should at least consider it a day. Instead of making them laugh, the simple man and the bankrupt husband
Sufficient rest. Everything is beautiful..and arranged..the reception staff is great, especially Catherine..The spa has massage specialists who are special..The Indian restaurant is clean and tidy..Biryani offers delicious chicken..The room is spacious and clean and the bed is very relaxing .. The water leaks from the bathtub to the bathroom during Shower and sufficient cappuccino price is Jamaica located in the lobby. In dirhams
Excellent and great for a quick stay two or three nights in a lot. Luxury, cleanliness and honesty, where I forgot my Rolex watch in the bathroom, and I traveled to Dubai and contacted them from there and told me that the watch is available and it was sent to me via express mail and I thank Mister Paul for following up the matter and his interest. Everything is beautiful
A very deep book
great experience . The location, decoration, calmness and speed of responding to all requests. The mere works and excavations of the Riyadh train were a little disturbing
They are in front of the transfiguration do not see. This novel read part of it in Egypt and ended it here in Kuwait. I could have read ten books instead and not make the same reading and research effort. But I have no regrets. I benefited a lot. The writer is a great researcher and a mighty novelist. It teaches the human soul and knows a lot about the spirit of the world. Convey a fantasy based on reality. Reality created by imagination. He entered all corners of the earth and all stages of its history. It made me search and search. I still need to search. To realize the meanings. Great work has everything to do with great work. The important thing is that I enjoyed it. The important thing is that I am still reading
Quiet . Its location is close to the way for Saudi travelers, with good service and reasonable price.
A simple, beautiful and entertaining book:. I love books that you read all in one day, it is possible in one session and you will not feel any boredom, but quite the opposite:
A novel, novelties, beautiful events, and a very interesting style, hard. Muhammad Sadiq is one of the most loved books I love.
A book to read. You see the story of injustice and tyranny soon to be repeated in every country with different names. Struggle and resistance in all its degrees. Peaceful and armed, which are indispensable to each other. There are many laws and lessons that work in all revolutions, not just in the Cuban Revolution. And a note here on the victory for the values of right and justice, whatever it is in achieving the meaning of internationalism as it exists in our religion. It is more than a biography or a history of the Cuban or Latin American revolution and its struggle with American imperialism. The Dominoes fell in Cuba, so everyone was afraid that the rest of the countries would follow suit, such as Guatemala and Bolivia. I recommend reading it, especially in our time
All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others. Also, there is no need to ask what happened to the pig faces. Outsiders look to them, and they look from pig to human, and from person to pig. Then again from pig to a human being. But it became impossible to distinguish between a person and a pig.
Exceptional. The sweetness of an area m is very beautiful on a corner where I advise especially that the price difference is a small amount between it and the room. Check-in was on Thursday, I think, at two o&#39;clock in the afternoon, I encountered crowds at the reception and was late to enter, knowing that there are more than two reception counters, and every counter has an employee, but the number of inmates is very much. I seem to have encountered a religious event or something like that since on the second day That traffic has disappeared
In conjunction with the positive carnival held in my beautiful college, the College of Basic Education, I decided to choose a book that matches the spirit of the positive that I was still breathing. I would like to thank my friend who accompanied me for the journey to find a suitable place to take a picture of the book cover that I attached to the evaluation of the same book On my communication websites, it is worth noting that the effort to capture the image consumed more effort than writing this review:. Taghreed&#39;s book on happiness, optimism, and hope for the wonderful writer Abdullah Al-Maghlouth, and it is not for someone like me to evaluate someone who is like Abdullah Al-Maghlouth, but as a reader, I have the right to express my opinion, this book is on a page, and it is divided into two parts: The first section is about tweets about hope and happiness Supported by drawings inspired by them, and the second section is a lengthy blogging that rose from the seeds of tweets; a desire from the writer to complete the book and encourage friends not to rely on tweets and try to invest in larger projects through which they spread their ideas carefully and performed as indicated at the beginning of the book .. the reason for writing this book That its writer was suspended On journalistic writing, following the publication of an article entitled: How old is our youngest official? Not only did blogging and posting tweets on Twitter find a way to vent himself, it is worth noting that this book was a starting point for his writer, where he said: Twitter gave me great happiness with all her tweets I write, and another I am browsing, happiness has taken me from the bank of sorrow to happiness, is Twitter my view of a lot of things, made me more courageous to reveal, more acceptance of abbreviation, and more distant from death .. The beautiful thing is that the suspension of Abdullah Al-Maghlouthh from journalistic writing was very harsh, except that he returned it to his postponed projects, and pushed him to issue his book like him, Daddy And an antibiotic of despair, Saudi success stories, and here is a message Great for all of us, perhaps we may stumble, or the doors close in our face, or our affairs do not go as we had previously planned, then we complain and complain and rely on sadness and despair, but if we contemplate the words of God Almighty: and perhaps you hate something and it is better for you and perhaps you love something Evil is for you and God knows you do not know that we know that everything that happens to us in this life is better for us than we think, and many of us have different situations that he passed through in his life and assured him of this great rule.
A very important book. Exposed to the marketing of Islam and the manifestations of this marketing. Like the veil and its followers of international fashion and Islamic songs and change its topics and music. Likewise, Islamization of Mangement and Human Development. Individualism and the appraisal of the idea of a rich, ambitious, active individual as a goal for a Muslim. The writer gave examples to those involved in Islam market. Brotherhood groups. Among the new advocates, led by Amr Khaled, he focused on the topic of mangment and its beginning from some of his studies in America from the Gulf countries and their fascination with it and returning to its application in the nineties, the most famous of them being Muhammad Al-Rashed and Tariq Al-Suwaidan. The goal of marketing Islam in this way is to integrate into the global system. The strange thing is that its author is a Swiss researcher. The book places your hand on what we did to Islam, unfortunately, so that the author describes it as becoming similar to the movements of Christian reformism. This reminds us of our messenger saying to follow the Sunnahs before you followed the example of Al-Qudhah. Our hope remains for the rational jihadist movements that have not yet been written
We strive for the best. It needs to provide more services inside the hotel. Unavailability of toiletries, kitchen and bathroom for children and lack of bathrooms in twin rooms
Worthy of all the praise that I read here in values..the calm of the service and all the employees are nice..Our requests are cream chicken soup / chicken caesar salad / spicy dip / fettuccine with chicken / sizzling fajitatable with chicken / account only I highly recommend it the only drawback is ... the amount of eating is less than the price .. I mean, photocene with real riyals is required to be more grilled
The writer is born. God wills it hard .. You have a brilliant future, my God.
The first time I read something like the Egyptian writers, and I did not see it
Draw a smile on my throat .. I salute hope in the heart of my heart ... instill new concepts in my mind .. What a wonderful book
Great hotel and one of the best hotels in Mecca. The young people at the reception are very respectful. nothing
The hotel in general is very comfortable, especially since it is far from disturbing the city. . Difficult parking and cooking aroma are common in the hotel entrance
There is no god but You, Glory be to You, I was one of the wrongdoers. Praise in any case. Alhamdulillah anyway
Good conclusion to Uncle Ibrahim Aslan. Quote from the book:. However, I came back to say no matter what, it must remain from one thing. And I thought that it is not important for you to get old, for the world, the places, and the women you loved, all grow up with you, the important thing is that old age does not get lost.
The book is like a delicious variety of salads and full of vitamins
Excellent. Everything is excellent, close to the sanctuary, but for the elderly, I think it is not suitable because you cross the street in order to reach the sanctuary square. Breakfast is excellent and the rooms are spacious and clean. There was a purl on the ceiling next to the bathroom door, I called customer service and within minutes the room was changed
Excellent. The view of the room is excellent and the location of the campus is very excellent. There are no robes in the bathroom, or God dear to you
Hogan the friend who melted a lot of fear I have when hearing stories of gin and dress:. An easy, fun novel that ends it quickly. It is a shame that it lacks a little bit of cognitive depth, even if this is considered positive for beginners or for those who aspire to read a quick light novel. Arab Fantasy novels .. Thanks to those who advised me
Except good. Everything is good except ... there is no water spray in the toilet
Very beautiful and fun from first page to last page
Light and easy to use
A more than wonderful experience. I liked the reception crew, especially the Egyptian youth, who was very helpful.
nice book /. You start and finish reading it, and you do not know what the writer intended. It includes among its folds in relation to many puzzles, and is surrounded by confusion, his words are short, and his artistic analogies are great, but getting there is the idea that the writer wanted, difficult. I recommend the Puzzlers to read this book
Exceptional. A wonderful hotel by all standards, I thank the administration and all the employees from reception to room service, cleaning and security for respecting the guest and trying to satisfy him in every way, permanent smile, professionalism and enabling workers in a way more than wonderful, a hotel worth visiting, thank all the workers. I did not find negatives without any exaggeration
Exceptional. Accommodation is great. The nearest place is easy to worship.
Regardless of some details, what I did not like. Just as a whole. The state of spiritual imprisonment and symbols in the infinite and the calm that will leave you to the end of the other. She is my favorite
very good. The place is a luxury cleaning service. For the second time in a row, they cancel my reservation without my knowledge, and the reception of the employee to us at the reception desk was poor, and the price is overrated compared to the rest of the neighboring hotels
Tawfiq Al-Hakim is one of the most beloved writers to my heart ... a narrative, details and real events with the harsh character of irony that make you laugh, wonder and contemplate at the same time ... contemplate about the situation of the Egyptian rural community and what the poor, naive peasant is subjected to from all forms of exploitation and imposing laws that are not suitable for him at all ... and the extent of corruption in that society, especially in the class of officials ... Yes, it is the success of Al-Hakim, who is knowledgeable about the conditions of his people ... as soon as you read to him until you fall in his love and love of ridicule, simplicity and realism
Calm down. Quietness of the hotel. The gym is weak
very good. Everything and the resort has grown. Away from the Dubai Mall and the JBR
good. Breakfast in the room, a varied and excellent intercontinental equipped with excellent grooms and comfort. TV options are limited, room accomodations are narrow, average decor. Hotel accessories, restaurants and spa services, are very overpriced
Surat House has become the best Sudanese restaurant after it has been expanded and improved and added another floor. After witnessing a slight and rapid decline in its usual level. Now it is bustling with customers from all over Khartoum.
In the name of of Allah the Merciful. The book, as its name suggests, is a book that simplifies physical concepts for you and links them to everyday life. You will be surprised by the vast amount of physics that surrounds you everywhere, and you may not find a place for which the applications of physics have no place in it .. The book on its feet simplifies physical concepts in a unique, interesting and unusual style. Without going into mathematical details that cannot be understood by non-specialists, you find the book and quite smoothly to convey to you the physical concepts, its general idea and its applications in daily life .. a book that deserves to be read more than once.
The summit of photography in the novel has. It is very important that you read and keep knowing the writer&#39;s background
Exceptional. The car corner is very excellent and the food is great. The staff are extremely helpful.
The book is very interesting, as it presents a beautiful experience for one of the largest media organizations, influencing and contributing to the success of the revolution, which is Al-Jazeera. Al-Dhafiri divided his book into three sections: The first: before the revolution. Second: in the darkness of the media. The third: the year of the revolution. Al-Dhafiri stipulated in his introduction that he does not want his book to be presented as a memoir or a purely personal experience for him, as he was able in a way that deservedly brought out the personalization of the media experience to address the media situation in our Arab reality .. How was it and where did it arrive? And it closely linked it with the year of the revolution ... and the media revolution made by Al Jazeera before and during it. In the first and second sections, Al-Dhafiri discussed his life and how he ended up in the media, and it was a brilliant journey, I did not know that Al-Dhafiri worked on Saudi TV, as he presented two highly contradictory media experiences in his book .. His third section, which I can call the crucifixion of the book, raised things We, as viewers, do not know it about the atmosphere inside the island, through which Al-Dhafiri managed to transfer it with great merit to us as readers, and I lived through it ... My notes on the book :. The first: Although Al-Dhafiri stipulated that the experience is not personal, but I am obliged to mention my annoyance at not mentioning his advancement trip as a journalist after he submitted his resignation from Saudi TV and went to Al-Jazeera .. I was very upset and annoyed that he did not mention this thing, because I felt a kind of complete separation, but Not mentioning this thing is not to blame but I got upset. The second: I wish that he touched more on his personal experience with a program in depth, as it is one of the best programs in the arena, and I hoped that he would address it in a broader and greater way than just hints mentioned in the context of his talk about Azmi Bishara. The third, which is artistic only, the book shows that it was printed quickly and was not reviewed technically, because it directed in the book very long paragraphs, one of which may reach two and a half pages, and this is disturbing to read, not to mention that there are events that may separate from the idea, which requires starting with a new paragraph.
I was reading the book a lot before the first time I read it to each other on Rawaqa. I felt floundering in the presentation of ideas very clearly and many times I felt the words repeated so well if there is a little talk in the text as usual dreams are very wonderful and Millian verdict really. But amused by the book with the same degree of triple for example
Wonderful. I thank the employee Muhannad Maqbouli for his good handling and reception every time we visit the hotel to find difficulties or problems, praise be to God, thanks to God, then thanks to the employee Muhannad, we thank his diligence and interest and cherish and take pride in our Saudis, as they have proven their worth in all sectors. nothing
The book is great .. This is the first time I have read the book by Alaa El-Deeb. I liked his style of writing and expressing his personalities.
This man sees death in the flower buds, so how can we blind the blind people to the sighted
And at the end of the novel, I feel the desire to re-read it and enjoy its impressive human scenes and mental illusion. I will definitely read it again.
Undoubtedly one of the epic novels. He did not like me being biased to a religion without religion, then he did not like me the dramatic images that are painful in depicting the pain experienced by the protagonists. Then I could only say goodbye to the novel and I had finished it in one sitting. Undoubtedly, the writer succeeded in informing the reader of the details of her novel, as if he lived at the same time and passes through what the heroes went through from countries, watching the events of the novel with his own eyes after they embodied live letters made by the writer pen.
And there you, the galactic stranger, will end up in our eternity forever..There will galaxies unite .. and forever will begin ... If you arrived before me and entered under the shadows and you did not find me ,, wait for me ... and if I arrived and did not find you ... I will search more and more..and I will I wait for you ... there is under the shade, I will keep waiting ..... I tell you our appointment there ... Do not be late .. More importantly, do not leave it .... ... the third book of Al-Omari in this series. In order to feel the meaning of what it contains from words, you must recall your feelings before anything .....
Exceptional. The quietness of the hotel and its cleanliness and paperless treatment of the staff. Breakfast is expensive and room rent does not include breakfast
Roooohah. everything. nothing
Twenty five o&#39;clock. It is the hour of worldly punishment that no one escaped from its heroes. The heroes of the novel were all nothing more than mere gears in the wheel of time or the rush of civilization or the great wheel of war and all wars. Our human being turns into a machine, and when he is freed from slavery, he tastes it to his fellow human being, who in turn practices it again. What are major wars and their scourges are not expressions of wars within man
It is not possible to imagine what a book like this might do in a person’s life. Each of us needs someone to remind him of the things that make him happy, but I come in this context within a framework that suits the belief and belief of this person. It is a new and wonderful thing ... Imam Muhammad Al-Ghazali’s style, may God have mercy on him, a style that suits all groups. And all his works are worth the money and time spent on them
For the first time I will write a comment about her village narration, there is a need for this magnificence, there is no boredom and always the heart of the page, and I am very excited about the page that comes after it, and at the same time I am annoyed that it is a page that brings me closer to the end.
The best hotel in Trabzon is clean and excellent ... good luck
Jamiel&#39;s book on self-development. Its language is simple for the reader. I benefited a lot from him personally and I still benefit. Encouraged me to read the book another book. Each page is more beautiful than others. I recommend reading it:
Excellent if you want to go elsewhere with a limousine or your own car. Room cleanliness, free delivery every two hours to the Dubai Mall, Wi-Fi, good view but not the same as the location photos, quiet, excellent reception, overlooking lake, bridges, and opposite hotel only and not Burj Khalifa. Little rust in the sink, water gathered on the bathroom floor, after the metro, and there is no taxi except for the hotel limousine or call Dubai Transport to send you a taxi
Ghassan Kanafani&#39;s first story collection is very impressive and smells of pain and suffering for the Palestinians
I will try to squeeze a few words, just like the olive press in Ain Hod, which has become an art gallery for the occupiers, and their artistic paintings hang on it .. Bombed Ein Hod and after eight centuries of its construction it was evacuated from its Palestinian children. Yahya Abu Al-Hayhah counted forty generations of the life that had been stolen .. The people of Ain Houd were deported to a refugee camp in Jenin, and as the world slept they were taking a farewell look from the hills over homes they would never return to, and to the olive groves, lemons and almonds that were born and grown up on their hands Like their children ... Yahya Abu Al-Hayha and the others marched in the footsteps of grief away from their land, and the rapists chanted: Long live Israel. The child&#39;s hopes wrote her innocent dream list:. Real mattress, life without soldiers, playground, garden, bicycle. A simple list of dreams of every Palestinian child he cannot achieve, while the world sleeps .. Dalia the stubborn Bedouin, guarding roses with a smile, filled her heart with the emptiness of the departed, and settled in her eyes a deep well of tears of separation, with the days her mind betrayed her, and she withered as a red rose in a garden destroyed by war. Joseph, with his sea-like smile, was forbidden, imprisoned, tortured, insulted, and exiled, devoted his heart to only one Fatima woman, who plundered him from him as they plundered his land ... hopes were still building around the walls, to pretend that she is a woman without feelings, despite the fact that her heart is filled with love and longing for all Around her, she was imprisoned by war as her mother imprisoned Dalia, she saved all her feelings for a second moment, bringing her together in the soil of her homeland ... children with their laughter and dreams, mothers with their tenderness, young men with stories of love and war, and the elders with stories of the past were all buried under the ruins of the country, while the world slept .... How many times do I have to stop when I choke in tears? I don’t know, but I said to myself: Whatever you feel, put it inside you, and finish ... When did you wish everything would stop until time? When the girl’s hopes sat on her father’s lap, Hassan Ali Al-Shorfa reads her, and at the moment he told her. : I love you with the size and thickness of the sea, the sky and its birds, the earth and its trees, and I love you more than the universe and its stars .. When I penetrated my heart with the smile of Dalia, and the hopes and hopes of Joseph, after their last meal with their mother, I said how can life be so cruel, suffocated with my tears, and I wished That the time stop at this moment, that their laughter will continue and that their mother will remain with them .. At the moment of Yusuf&#39;s embrace of his sister Amal, and after many years when I met Ismail the second brother of her for the first time, I also wished that the time would stop so that they would stay together forever .. As if I was looking for no use About a moment that brings them together and they never separate again ... Tales of time intertwine with each other with transparent and close threads, even if the place stops an obstacle to it, will not withstand a torrent of grief, and no matter how the walls come, the salt of tears and the bitterness of sorrow will dissolve everything that hinders the intertwining of the tales .. I see the faults and the eye of tears in Granada, run Towards Ain Hud on the hills of Palestine, to bear witness to the same fate that they tasted from it before Ain Houd for many centuries, hugging each other, and wiping the tears of sorrow that dug rivers of sorrow in Palestine .. The Maryam’s Box buried in the garden of her house in Granada, by carving flowers and birds on it , Its birds apply to Amal&#39;s buried memory box in her heart, closed to her A message from her brother Youssef, her mother&#39;s scarf, Dalia Al-Hariri, and the remnants of time, to embrace the birds of Mary&#39;s box with birds of sadness and hopes, and sing together a melody sad in the sky of Palestine .. a Maryan grove in Granada with his basil and vermilion, white and yellow flowers, flirting with a smiling grove. With its red, white-trimmed flowers ... the scents of lavender and roses coming from a sage orchard embrace the flowers of Basma, while crossing over her orchard in Ain Hod, to blows the breezes of heaven over the tomb of Basma between the roses of Al-Jouri that Dalia planted, there in Ein Hud over the hills of Palestine ... God is great God is great...,. The call to prayer is heavenly, like a bunch of sad lilies, to remain witness to the story of Arabs and Muslims in Palestine, and their right to land, while the world sleeps. Done
Good and clean I stayed at this hotel for one night. The hotel is close to the metro, it is a few minutes walk away, but there is no wireless internet except in the lobby only and it is not free. Breakfast was essential. I recommend this hotel for short stays.
Exceptional. Good reception, Mr. Mohamed, fast check-in, stop service, and bring the car, quiet, full service in the room. Service is more than great. In short, the hotel is exceptional and deserves stars. Mr. Abdulaziz Al-Sheikh is also very helpful in customer service.
The writer&#39;s language is very well-known and deeply in depth. I expressed in a surprising way some human souls in a way that captures both the heart and mind .. I enjoyed the depth of the meanings and their accuracy in describing
Gorgeous . Reception. Away from the city
Special . Distinguish the shape of the hotel, so that each room has a wonderful view. Repairs
The novel is clever, but it is burdened with the encyclopedia of its author, who does not restrain him whenever he is allowed the opportunity to shed his historic tongue and to continue with its details, and sometimes to repeat it all in another location.
One of the finest things that you can read from the books of chips is a nice book in it of tenderness, simplicity, rhetoric and brevity a lot is far from everything we are used to from traditional preaching his style is as close as possible to the fictional narrative style calling for obedience a sophisticated sweet invitation that makes you feel again the meanings of worship and Especially Ramadan fasting and congregational prayer .... Simply after reading this booklet I decided to read all the books of the writer Ahmed Khairy Al-Omari
Excellent location in the heart of the JBR, the cleanliness and treatment of the breakfast is varied. Balcony, beautiful view of the sea and the basin, quick entry and exit procedures, good reception and dealing with staff, varied breakfasts.
One of the great writers was asked about the meaning of great literature, and he said: It is that literature that you read from and you are more kind and more noble ... Abdel-Wahab Mutawa. And this book is the best that represents this kind of literature ..
Exceptional. Privacy.
Gibran literature is one of the most perplexing literatures for me, as it is literature outside any classification of literature that by itself and its comprehensive humanity has managed to transcend any culture and any language to be a living model of eternal literature .. The important thing: This is a work in which Gibran deals with the stories of the ashes of generations and eternal fire, twice the builder, John the madman tried Through them to present a picture or a message. In every story, an eloquent lesson, Gibran succeeded in communicating it to the recipient .. Gibran’s ability to describe, especially the description of nature, a superior ability with tremendous capabilities and a terrible mastery of language tools, almost beyond his ability to describe human suffering and pain, to provide us with a distinctive gnostic work. .. eloquent language and elaborate description A clear sheet capable of defrosting to be truly unique literature.
Excellent . The location and reception workers are excellent. Away from campus and attitudes
Good hotel but regulation is catastrophic I am a member of the Fairmont President&#39;s Club and my experience as a member has been generally negative. In Nairobi they do not respect the benefits, and in the office they never come over to deliver your coupons. So you always miss the benefit of it and they got angry because I went again in July in addition to that I used the Masai Mara Inn
Excellent in its location, the hotel is distinguished by its location, but from the first opening until now, it requires some change in the furnishings and those in charge of the restaurant. If the residence is covered with a special dinner, they need more than the package and good dealing with the hotel guests. Hope you accept the notes.
My favorite hotel. Very cool deserves the stars and deserves another visit.
Exceptional. Beautiful, quiet, comfortable and suitable for families and young adults.
Best hotels in Al Ahsa. calm. special location. Fast Net. good breakfast. Look it up. The size of the room is wide. Provides a microwave and all kitchen supplies. The hotel entrance is unclear, the pool was closed.
I didn&#39;t feel bored for a moment while I was reading the book, and I didn&#39;t know I stopped reading something other than necessary, but the first star. Book cover: Tani Star. The ability to link events together and present them in a sweet and attractive way: the third star. I like the style. . Fourth Star. Unfortunately, the writer&#39;s style is generally bad: the fifth star lost
Hotel kit is helpful and cheerful. Comfortable location close to many places and transportation is available.
Seriously, what is the summit of magnificence? Really words coming out of a spirit. Really believing in what you say. Although the booklet is very small, it has many meanings and feelings. There are words and words that need to be thought over and over again. You read this booklet, which I think represents the personality of this man. You see how much he was loving people, his affection and love, and you wished that the booklet did not end and be longer than that, but in any case this is a wonderful booklet from the beginning to the end and who really wanted to know this man away from Harry Al-Harayn reads this booklet
It reminded me of the book of the Blue Elephant with the great difference of course between the professor and the student between Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq and Gemayel Ahmed Murad, and always and never, the writings of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq have this greed, which remains a lot in mind and conscience. A very, very beautiful novel from the Safari series. It reminded me of Alaa Abdel-Azim. This authentic Egyptian young man reminded me of his beautiful Canadian wife. He reminded me of Dr. Chleiby. He reminded me of Safari’s unit.
Dr. Salman bin Fahd’s book and I face Al-Awda, the reader from the first moment, when he dives him on an exploratory journey to the depths of himself, trying to remove the powders of industrialization and the rubble of ignorance, and shed light on the gray area between the reality of the self and its image, touching with the reader the ways to get out of the circle of inflation No, I am, in a similar way to shock therapy .. Dr. Salman&#39;s style is gentle, sensitive and very wonderful .... We may be happier when we realize that happiness is not a parcel that brings us by mail from where we want or do not want .... It is a sense of the moment when we do well to invest it And we decided to make her happy. . You have to look inside the box yourself, because you have a huge treasure. . Three things you should be in your life to be worth living ... something you do ... something you love ... something you hope for. I confess in the depths of myself that I did not address a case of which I am a party, except that I put my finger on the tip of the scales without feeling. . What if my motives, my questions, my research, and my aspirations are all for self-service, even if I cover it in the name of God, the nation, or the interest. . Great book and worth reading ...
Thank you to everyone, thank you very much to everyone who contributed to making our stay enjoyable and wonderful and memorable, especially mentioning the people who received us as if we were in our homes and helped us until our travel, even though their work does not include that and knowing that I have stayed there three times and I would like to return again, God willing . It is not easy to find a place where the beauty of a place and people meet together. This place is.
More than a wonderful novel that the author sees beauty in everything .. love abandonment life. What I liked most about her are the high-end feelings of heroes and the analogies of the writer. I liked the least ... the end, but it is the beacon of history that is used to every beautiful story
good. . When I arrived at the hotel, they asked me for an amount of riyals, claiming that you only transferred them to one riyal, even though I transferred you with a real riyal. I&#39;m afraid there will be a monument and I am a victim of yours.
Excellent again for the second time in Sarab Palace in Dubai. Me and my friend took a beautiful room. The attention of the staff again was fantastic. This place is highly recommended. Also, the food in the restaurants was excellent. You can do activities early in the morning or late evening. It is an excellent hotel to stay and enjoy calm and comfort.
very good. The staff is grain and the hotel is clean and quiet .. In short, is it a hotel apartment, I mean, you have to go through the supermarket first and do not arrive ... It is better to have a car with you because it is difficult to get a taxi.
great experience . Treated staff is excellent, delicious food. The internet is not free and the network is bad, the electrical switches are impractical
Excellent. Cleanliness, location for price.
I witnessed the launch of the novel, but I did not find the right time to read it, and I intend to do so as long as I spend my annual leave. The idea of the novel is a new and distinctive story that tells the reality of a large segment of our society with any sin that they have been rejected and have suffered due to customs and traditions from which the bad must be left. Reading ...
All that Naguib Mahfouz did was that he showed us the opposite way to reach God, or, as the expression of the phrase, George Tarabishi, Godless. He confronted me with the shocking personality of Saber, and he showed me the path of God by contrast, may God have mercy on you, Naguib
Excellent. Fine hotel. And taste.
Religion against religion is one of the most dangerous books of the Islamic thinker Dr. on my law and in a topic Yes, that is my brother has greatly enriched me and I lived in the moments of my reading in this topic severe pain and I became a brother to him as he became a brother to thousands of Egyptians who died and they transported the rocks from Aswan To the pyramids of Cairo to build these graves, after spending a thousand of them in building the palaces of the Pharaoh and his highest attorneys also built the tombs of the pharaohs and their people. But what surprised me was the graves play D is the side of the graves of the Pharaohs, and so the executioner is buried next to the martyrs. May God have mercy on you, that you were able to rise from the Safavid Shi&#39;ism, and that no Muslim could ditch it in a certain sect.
At the beginning, you see the eastern bird enchanted drawn to the false beauty of the West and to the love of the West represented by Suzy .. Then he discovers after that that the dreamy eastern love means not suitable with that western and wakes up from his illusion to find Ivanovich that fortune-teller who sees things in his imagination if he went to the east As he wanted, he would have died with his great shock due to his beliefs and fantasies about the East and the prophets of the East .. In the last two chapters in the novel, which are a dialogue between Mohsen and Ivano .. On the East and West and the philosophy of the novel is summed up in that dialogue .. Here you see that there is no longer a difference between the East And the West, the two are a monster, the West polluted the clergy and the Mint So he was appointed to the corpse of religion and in the name of religion and capital cancer, and you find the East to replace the substance with the appearance and paint itself with the painting of the machine and the words of the West and the clergy lost the words of the prophets of the East and their spirit .. the novel made a wonderful comparison between East and West in a state of mysticism and asceticism and a state of romance and serenity, especially in Concert Description And the words of Beethoven .. My soul satiated that novel .. Some words from the novel :. Yes, whenever the soul of man is concerned by flying toward the heights, the lies of man are bound by it, and it is brought down to the dust, all of the misery of humanity that it cannot return a great and holy thing without wearing it as funny and vulgar clothes, from its foolishness, falsehood and vanity. . Faithfulness to religion and art requires impartiality
A beautiful and luxurious 5-star hotel. The cleanliness of the hotel There are buses to connect to and from the sanctuary within two minutes of the prison of the soldier. The restaurant is excellent, clean and varied. The reception staff are cooperative and at a high level of morals. Everything was fine, except for Wi-Fi, which is not available in the rooms
A novel that intervenes in the drug world from its wide door, and learned everything that comes to mind from the beginning of the road until the end of it .... The author&#39;s style was characterized by simplicity in narrating the novel and with splendor and suspense until the last minute because I did not personally expect that Salah, the protagonist of the novel, would recover once he left From Switzerland, an addiction treatment hospital after his multiple attempts to refrain from this path, and despite all the frustrations he witnessed at this stage of his life in the field of study and work, and from the death of addicted friends close to him, he was back to beating drugs, but he, the author, surprised me that everything It can actually be accomplished by will .. I wish the conversation between her people was T Al-Fusha, but I think she would have lost her original Egyptian luster .. Five stars deservedly
Excellent in every way. All hotel workers are respected and always have a smile with excellent service.
The first novel I read to Youssef Zidan. Fun despite some objections. You read it with sympathy for the hero, but it does not have much excitement. With reservations on some irrational and unacceptable situations, such as his relationship with Noura, for example
One of the most beautiful biography books, I don’t know if it was Sadat who wrote it or used one of the books, but the book is wonderful historically, and the writing style is also beautiful.
A light book to read in half an hour. More than thirty words I understood incorrectly .. And I was passing on it thinking that it is intuitive. I recommend it
According to him, it is a book on the biography of Khair al-Ur.
In the midst of so many new books I could not resist the commencement of transit. And well I did ... this anecdotal group is closer to a treasury than precious jewels, which it is best to nominate the most beautiful and the most valuable ones ... deep and symbolic philosophical ideas ... there is no superficial line, each word carries a deep meaning for a deeper idea. The transit name is very appropriate because I found it in every story, not just in the story that bears its name. I don’t know what’s the secret of my feeling that the writer was deeply affected by the story of half life, as it was full of sincere feelings and feelings. I was affected personally by my age and seasons to remember. The creative writer Ali surpassed himself in the ups and downs as a skilled pianist who travels over the piano fingers gracefully and with good taste to play the sweetest musical pieces ... I was waiting for a wonderful group for my confidence in the writer..but she exceeded all expectations. Rabab Abu Bakr Kilani
good. The value was excellent for their services. The room is narrow .. its color is red .. the mismatch responds .. breakfast, but eggs, beans and salads .. and things that I don’t like as sausages and others ..
Excellent. The place for children is very cool and the water games are fun. The beach is minutes away from the hotel
. : An amazing book that opens the doors of thinking and analysis .. Excerpts from the book. The just ruler in his parish is like a skilled father among his children, as the father may sometimes have to punish one of his children without the guilt of his crime, in order for the rest to feel that he does not differentiate. Among them is that everyone is the same, and from here the principle arose that it is fair to wrong sometimes. We, the disciples, used to understand from history only the works of kings, and we had to memorize the names of the kings and the names of the lands they conquered without asking about the pent-up feelings that open peoples were suffering at the conquest. The secret of the spread of the principles of justice among people is that a person is unjust and does not care, but he is afflicted by who is darker than him and that is why he becomes an advocate of justice after he was unjust. Ideas are like weapons which change daily
It is a collection of articles dealing with the everyday situations of the Saudi family and women ... sometimes of a cynical nature
Don&#39;t give up next to the Messenger of God. Location. There is no master bed, but there are a number of beds next to each
/ Zakher, replete with benefits and in a simple likable style .. I studied it as if I were going to test it
New hotel and great services. The breakfast buffet is varied, and there is a 24-hour bus for the sanctuary. There is a chapel linked with the sanctuary. No kettle in the room
good. Room arrangement and air conditioning. Bed linens are dirty and change dirty
Elegance and hygiene. Overall pretty.
Wonderful .. painful .. I loved her even though her end didn&#39;t like me very much
This was not the end. This was the beginning. The beginning was only the beginning of a passing bed, confident that it would be a storm and storm in all its chatty atmosphere. It is the fragrance and many small details with delicious intimacy. The events of the novel frightened me when I began to take the same course of details that Hayat wrote in her previous book. With everything I imagined and written in detail and sentence. And he began to ask, &quot;Can not these pontifiers personify a reality our predecessors had predicted?&quot; Just thinking that life will guide us as much as our pens once planned is confusing. Therefore, the phrase &quot;dreams&quot; began to sound a lot to me, and its voice was raised to the point of fear. The writer thinks a lot before writing a story. We were surprised, then, that it was not the man called Khaled who shared the events of this inspiring movie. It was not his home, not even his perfume, not even his book. Concealed love was roaming around Abdel-Haq. We always wait for him to come back to him, to share everything with him, and eventually we will be shocked that we did not want this thing. I was taken with all these events and amazed, which I had never expected. Ahlam, I know that you do not need my applause, but I will do it in secret, because you are so inspired by the intoxication and more. I will take a warrior’s break and I will read a bed passerby on my journey so that fun will be another pleasure. I will try the pleasure of reading a novel of another kind in more than one region so that I can share its events with the details of history
Beautiful hotel. The location is close to the women&#39;s shrine and the luxury of the hotel is varied for breakfast. Lack of adequate parking for cars and congestion at the buffet
Painful, this is a novel to the fullest extent ... After that I lived a period of depression ... How can a person make his brother suffer all this torture ?? How I hope to understand how the executioners think? Is it from the clay of humans? Do they not feel what we feel or what the victim feels? I hope that prison literature will disappear with the disappearance of torture and repression from our countries
One of the best and most enjoyable novels The mix between history, reality, sadness, sadness, bitter departure mixed with nostalgia, estrangedness and a feeling of loneliness ... In your deeds, so that you may descend from your vast seas and your boundless culture .. Glory be to you, my Lord, to you in your creation affairs, praise be to God, Lord of the worlds ..
I simply think that I have moved to an exceptional spiritual state. The master&#39;s philosophy of life is wonderful. It is an impressive and expressive booklet that requires a lot of meditation, careful reading and reading.
Good compared to the price. Easy entry and exit and availability of car parking. Bus service is poor and not available most of the time
The truth is that the book of Z is important and its importance. It is not that it speaks about the basic needs necessary for every Muslim, since it is directed to the Muslim in the basic understanding of it, but in that he encourages a search for the truth of the religion and its concept and its purpose and which leads to something clearer and more beautiful, is that you work every need by doing it in the scope of religion Worship, and you understand, even a very, very simple part of the truth. The writer will present some very simple questions, such as: What do you know about the Qur’an? To what extent do you understand it? We imagine that we randomly selected a thousand Muslim citizens and asked them about the meaning of the simplest verses of the Qur’an: and the sacrifices are sacrificing, dusky if accepted, the transmitters are customary and others, .. The reasons for the passage of verses and hadiths related to the removal of verses from the Qur’an and some of the surahs mentioned in the Qur’an bin Masoud and Abi bin Kaab. Imagine this, and tell me, or say to yourself, how many thousand will answer these questions? ... The book is important, like any book that comes close to this opaque area, and who really has a sense of being lost in it when reading something about it and a sense of severe disorientation after it, and may God bless you all Condition.
This book is beautiful, unrivaled beauty
How did the ideas of both of them merge into one template ... This is what I did not find an answer for him ... Genius manifests itself in its entirety here ... and I do not think it was manifested in another literary work ... Now that I have finished it..I say: It is beautiful, interesting, striking a very psychological chord, you need a long meditation sometimes ... and maybe a second readers to understand at other times .. And with all that .. I feel provocation, the same provocation that controlled me After my reading of who killed Laila Hayek or the other thing, the open text doesn&#39;t always move my memory. Pain is the most powerful engine in this life, it can destroy a person as much as it can save him .. Illusion is part of every person’s life, and perhaps illusion is the whole life for many. There is something that is not determined by time. It is not determined by location. Something like absolute existence transcends all sense of time and space and one suddenly descends, without waiting .. It is not easy for a person to analyze his thoughts and desires. There are moments in life that etch themselves into memory forever. Unbelievable cool things. . What is today similar to yesterday ..... this rust, which covers everything to the soul, can only be removed with gunpowder. As for the trade that continued with the case, it only ends with the removal of merchants, villains, thieves and claimants. In a world without logic, logical people fall down the road. In a world of noise, everyone speaks, and no one hears anyone. Humans cannot bear much of reality much of the truth .... Is that why we dream ... and we dream more? Ideas in a person’s mind like wind, like running water, come and go in every moment, and happy people who do not think, who does not occupy himself with concerns that do not exist .. Najwa..a scandalous example for a playful woman. From the character of Alaa ... I am convinced that the book is mentally ill and premeditated. If their disease was accidental or light, its kind was distinguished by its excellence, at least. Hossam Al-Raad .... as if it is an example for the men of Arabism who say, meditate and suffer ... without moving a finger, whether they are with their consent or against their will ... The questions remain ... all the questions ... are open, waiting for a logical answer more than the logical of the question itself
very good. Cleanliness is very good, services and luxury are better than four-star hotels. The hotel is suitable for receiving conservative families, as there is no casino or night club in it. The absence of a person who permanently speaks Arabic
Wonderful. Calm and cleanliness. The presence of wines in the rooms
It is not the Palestinians who sold their land, we are the ones who sold their land, the Arabs and Muslims are the ones who sold Palestine
A collection of short stories, most of which are enjoyable and few of them did not stop me much .. My rating has stars for the stories I liked inside the book
Exceptional. I liked stay. The location is beautiful, close to Al-Rashed and Dhahran. Good treatment from reception and room service for guests. nothing
I read this book after an interruption of more than two months and a strange trance to acquire a book outside the oven .. The writer mastered a traditional traditional clothing and dyed some of the strands of her hair in white and perhaps she tried to change the tone of her voice and then sat down to tell us not about the fairy and ghoulie the sorcerers as our grandmothers did Rather, to tell us from the details of our lives stories that I spread in sorrow and furnished them with tears ... The writer did not simulate the reality but rather exhumed in it to come out from its folds a groaning daughter of a spinster, a pain crouched by an oppressed wife, a dream pervaded by a young woman, a heartbreak of a bereaved mother, hot aspirations of a beloved beloved. ... It is truly a book for the groans of the eastern female in all Ttiyavha and all ages. Pain was the ruler of the chapter in most of the tales, because it is simply a constant color in the oriental female aspects and diaries .. The writer&#39;s language was beautiful, simple, straightforward, it is the language of reality, and it is what his description requires, so exaggeration in describing pain makes it a luxury. The tales were an excellent confusion between narration and psychological description, whose effect on the color and impact of the texts was great .. It is the first book of our important friend was with a special taste and authentic flavor, it is a cry in the face of our society and is a pleasure for everyone who suffered something from this book but did not search With it or not able to do so. I know very well that every girl read this book only and cried on a page .. All the best success and we are waiting for your new things by burning marionite brides
I hope the visit will be repeated. A hotel that deserves its value, cleanliness, and the service they have is the best it is. The treatment of the staff is so great that the receptionist is Moroccan in nationality. Help me because my visa is locked. Al-Bukanq is a writer, the internet is free and on the day I arrived at the hotel, he got a subscription for AED
A sweet and really useful book for any man and sixteen .. It was like that, a topic that was not necessary in the first place, as if it was not enough for them, but the book and salvation .. But generally a sweet and light book
It was not the first time I had read it .. and it certainly would not be the last. The Sheikh&#39;s style is not boring, and the topics raised by Talase are real.
My stay in peace that. Wi-Fi and proximity to the city center. The bed is too small for two people
good. The place is quiet, no hassle. I asked for an extra bed and he said that there is no need to pay an additional dirham
Stretch your legs over your quilt. Arabic coffee. Seating chairs in the hall
A wonderful fictional biography tells about the reality of the Palestinians from a different angle other than the one we are used to, other than the ones we have suffered from a stalemate and from getting used to it .. To write Palestine about Palestine in this way is a wonderful thing that leaves in you something from Palestine something from its cause .. It is not an enjoyment The novel and the story, but rather the adaptation of literature and the word to a nation that has been bruised for decades .. The book deserves a second and third reading. The lines bear details between their tracks
When I decided to buy and buy the book, I first began to search for the book of my intellectual journey by Abdel Wahab Al Missiri, but the copies were executed from all the libraries that I visited .. So I decided to buy this book for the autobiography, what did life teach me. Jalal Amin is not a famous person with whom we read many books, and I do not know of his books other than the book of the myth of progress and delay. In the introduction, she sought extreme humility in introducing himself, noting that every person in us possesses a lot from the past and the present, and has a beautiful history. There is nothing wrong with his history and writing it in the form of a biography .... Then I began to penetrate into the chapters of the book ... I found in him the courage to describe the relationship between his father And his mother recounted their lives in a detailed way that is a little bit blatant and explicit to the extreme ... detailing details of his seven brothers&#39; personalities ... and mentioning the stages of his education in a sequence and his functions in more than one country and in a narration that I can describe it in my photo .... you feel a little bit of boredom when reading some of The chapters .... the book lost a star ... and the reason for the title of the book itself ... what the living teacher taught me .. because we are. When we read this title without mentioning any of its chapters ... we think at first glance the abundance of judgment, lessons and lessons that he mentions as personal experiences that the reader benefits in each chapter he reads ... but unfortunately the book was just an account of the stages of his life without mentioning any personal experience that we can draw Including wisdom or attitude to our lives .... And he won stars for the narrative method and the quiet sequence and dynamism of the events ...
:. I want to confess a little confession, it may not matter who reads it: I lived with that novel twice, once when I read it today. , And once in its subtle detail, with some really changing. He even said some of what I was saying ..., the novel is reasonable or good. I was hoping to finish it with a word: Dreams, not increase the following two paragraphs. Sayyid Qutb thought about purity and souls, who later matured and crystallized in his message to his sister: The joys of the soul wandered from far and near sometimes in that novel ... And finally ... to the one who walked with me in the thorns, so I was bloodied and bloodied,. Naughty and naughty, and then she went on a road and walked on a path:. Two wounded people after the battle, neither to herself to a decision, nor to myself to. Stability ...:
A beautiful book that raises questions to the reader, which he misses a lot, introduces a relatively unfamiliar thought
Plot, events, sequence, suspense and history. Every need in the novel is sweet. What is not sweet remains that she got out the first part, it means that she still has a second part:
A wonderful . Cleanliness, views, and speed of service. The bathroom does not have a machine gun that honors you and the pillows are uncomfortable
A wonderful book filled with the wisdom of dealing with various situations and many examples of the most wonderful examples that were struck by the Companions and the followers
Nice .. . The view of the hotel is beautiful..treatment of the staff very nice..cleanliness .. the hotel in general is very cool nothing ..
The calm. Tranquility, kindness, good reception. Tight location and difficult access to the hotel
Clean and tidy, and I advise it for families. Reception. The parking is very tight, it is difficult for the driver to park the car. There must be someone to guide the park to avoid accident or car scratches.
A short book that talks about the month of Ramadan with a spirituality that can move something within you and encourage you to receive Ramadan with the same aspiration and perseverance in which you take advantage of every moment of that holy month.
The apartment is excellent. The cleanliness is excellent and so is the location. nothing
Exceptional. The hotel is excellent in all respects ....
A family carer. Quiet, clean apartments and good energy. Blankets requested an increase in the presence of children, and they refused only to pay an additional value, but after arguing with me to register me in Bukang, there were two children, and after threatening them to write it in Boknak, they said courtesy to Bukakin ... a problem of spreading it, and the rest is excellent.
Excellent . Location and cleanliness. nothing
I do not understand the secret of the wise man’s view of the woman and her dealings with the issue of love. In this novel, Mohsen lives with Suzy what he lived earlier with Sunia in the return of the soul. The woman’s heart when the wise left. But what is most surprising in the novel is the dreamy love state that Muhsin lived in, which turned into a supreme spirit worthy of a Sufi worshiper through his relationship with his eastern Russian lover, and his love for Sunnis turned into a state of sincere patriotism in the return of the soul. . Most of the time, I think that when a wise person loves, he loves love for itself
Iraqi ache first elite.
Excellent and effective in relieving bone and joint pain
If he was in my hands I&#39;d give her more than five stars, she wouldn&#39;t hesitate. A novel in the highest splendor that takes you from cover to cover. One of the most interesting stories that I concluded. Happiness is not the number of meters in which a person lives, but it is the number of people he loves and they share life with it all.
Exceptional. . The problem with the price is very high and there are options next time, God willing
Do not be alarmed, the door may one day open to greet those who live life with innocence of children and the ambition of angels ,,, it is truly epic
I do not know how to arrange my words .. But let me ask you one thing: do not insist on anything even if you are sure that it is the right .. believe it if you want .. be convinced of it in your secret .. be confident of it .. but never announce it. And remember, accusing insanity is the easiest thing for people these days
Excellency. Speed of entry procedures, sophistication in dealing with the Saudi receptionist, room expansion and cleanliness. Entrance to parking is rather narrow
Wonderful stay. Price and location of the hotel.
Exceptional. . No water jabs near the toilet
A splendid hotel in the full sense of the word. Almost everything and repeat the visit time and time again. The inconvenience and lack of sound insulation .. The room adjacent to us all night dancing and songs for dawn.
good . Comfort and calm. The price of the room is very expensive for Classic also, as the residence was in the external building and not in the same main tower as the hotel.
The book is a summary of what corrupted religions reap from the world. The worsening crisis of the West. In search of Islam
The writer deals with several ordinary topics to add to her beautiful depth and meaning. One of the books that fascinates you is the simple style and beauty of the idea. Worth reading and acquisition. Each topic can be read separately and this is a nice addition.
The least comment that the book deserves is that it is a wonderful book
Exceptional. . Small toilets, except for that wonderful thing in this hotel
good. . Delivery to the rooms, to the swimming pool, or to the sea. Cars are very late or not
Ahmed Murad is a creative writer. Even as he speaks al-Fusha in his novels, he feels that there is no vulgarity or vulgarity. His novels are all exciting. And if I take it, he will enter some words and describe some scenes to the assumption that you will not think and think that if you do not know, you will be affected in the artwork a lot. And cool it, take it again. He sees the woman on one side, but I can tell him a kind of animal thinking
Exceptional. Excellent reception from reception staff and staff. nothing
Gorgeous . The hotel is clean and the reception staff are very friendly and helped us a lot.
The first well is the first part of the Jabra Ibrahim Jabra biography. Childhood well. In this part, he tells us the biography of the Palestinian child Jabra and his life with its fluctuations, transformations and compatibility that are not absent from memory, but rather returns from time to time as stacks that confirm the depth of its influence on the formation of his personality later ... he tells his childhood without cost and no attempt as he mentioned to justify it and its philosophy .. Rather Words flow sweetly and smoothly to paint a breathtaking picture of this child&#39;s life and his first thirteen years ... I liked a lot ... and I hope to read more Jabra in the coming days.
To love a woman to the extent of not wanting to see her. The space in the office was narrow, but they were comfortable enough to fill the room. Are we doomed to perfection? . Heartache We do not know exactly when to recover from it .... We think the pain will last forever ... Until we marvel in one morning that we no longer feel this terrible pain. This was just like heartache, and we don&#39;t know when to cure it. I tried to get his attention and make him understand that, but usually we don&#39;t listen to those who cry. Nobody listens to those who express their desire to remain alone and no one believes them. The desire for unity for them is certainly a kind of pathological tendency. They had a feeling that the more distracted they were, the more they would unite. Natalie was somewhat conservative, as a kind of Swiss womanhood. He was looking at the future as a promise. She loves to laugh and loves to read, and these are two things that are rare to reconcile. . Everyone around her was following her anxiety, considering that her work was only a kind of despair .. That idea bothered her a lot. For her it was too simple, she wanted to support her relatives instead of making fake theories. She was proud of what she was doing. Most of the lovers&#39; duo desperately want to tell their stories, believing that their encounters are a kind of extraordinary event, and their multiple connections that were formed in complete vanity, often enriched with a kind of detail, giving them some kind of euphoria. In the end, one always searches for everything. Kindness will not save you, my dear Natalie, nor love. Love does not save us. Tenderness does not save us. Only us save us. From my favorites ..
The Blue Flame is a group of messages between two giants of Arabic literature, Gibran Khalil Gibran and Mai Ziada. We really see the highness of the letter with sense and elevating feelings with style.
I hung on the morning gallows. And my forehead is dying. Because I did not bend her alive. As he steps ... the fire has tarnished him. Is Attar fit? What spoiled the oil? . There is nothing left to say. Oh land:. Do men give birth? . Our heads fall .. do not support it. Except the edges of the collar erect. Be merciful to my torment, O pain ... Back my broken wreck
I measure my admiration for any book: The number of times I shake my head, OK and sincere ... or smiling with the beauty of logic and the splendor of style ... While reading this book, I only found myself smiling, and I shake my head on every line ... Sheikh / Muhammad Al-Ghazali creatively He conveyed the wisdom mentioned by the wonderful Del Carnegie in his well-known book Let anxiety and start life, transfer it in a wonderful manner, citing evidence of Sharia, tolerance and facilitation of religion .. The author did not make mistakes in the mistakes that carriers usually make in extremism, whether with or against the book that was transferred from him. On the contrary, Del Carnegie agreed in the positions he saw as correct, and he rarely disagreed with what he thought was wrong .. I intend to include a summary of the book in several posts, it is a treasure for those who wanted to renew his life .. I recommend reading it, and re-reading it again also .. Thank you a thousand Thanks to those who gave me this book ..:
The place was wrong near the Al-Hokair Amusement Park, on Shahar Street, next to Hadiya Bakery
How does the warm oud voice embrace this funeral music to form a wonderful piece of art from two contradictions. There is no argument that the human soul bears the most complex and long-term what you might deal with in the universe ... Who among us is eager for the moment that he is Tariq who unleashes his pent-up self .. He feels that there is no need in this world important .. He has his own rules in Life does not matter whether it is true or false .. N in the other are new rules .. and you will understand the value of any value for the rest of the people ... a narrated novel that has a great and great philosophy .. every word in it needs to be read like this one time so you can understand the writer his intention I am tired, but you deserve:
Good value for money The place is located near Patong Beach, a minute&#39;s walk from the hotel and several local restaurants serving authentic Thai dishes at low prices. Don&#39;t be fooled by the interior decoration, they cook fresh food and the dishes are authentic.
good. . downtown
The talk to you, you want hours to say, and the talk to mess you up, then about hours will surpass you, and the talk is painful, and the talk is to think about everything that has passed, and the people have gone and the people are here, but they have gone from the other, meaning a mixer
A new type of contemporary literature that endowed the idea, which was somewhat fresh, its style of narration, perhaps surprising, a little in the first, its complex expressions, more than wonderful, and expressive expressions in the maganal, the novel, an enjoyable experience that must be fought.
A very enjoyable vacation. The cleanliness of the place and the staff was very helpful. The place is two dimensions from malls and the difficulty of taxis
He is the prince of poets and enough
good. Privacy.
One of the most wonderful I read creativity extraordinary book is a collection of short stories, the most wonderful of them at all, the secret organization that, in my view, is the summary of the children of our neighborhood and the professor, who summarized it, preserved the creativity of the stages of life. In short I very much enjoyed this group
Dr.. Ahmad Morad
Excellent. Not far from the market, you need a car. The entrance to the hotel is rather difficult
The first discussion takes place between me and Uncle Naguib Mahfouz, may God have mercy on him .... I sat next to him until he finished what I like to tell me from the short stories that touched many aspects inside me ... Sometimes I was sad and sometimes I felt a bitter throat generated by injustice and a sense of oppression and sometimes laughed at The dialogue method between the heroes and sometimes the tear is locked inside me, so it does not come out despite my need for it to come out .. Uncle Najib camels make you confused, confuse you, in it the strength of the phrase, the plot of adequate meaning and the style of the beautiful pure man .... All his stories participated in human confusion and nothing else .... When you move from the world of God to Zaabalawi, to the mighty one, to an extraordinary delegate, Here are the stories, you will encounter human beings that you may encounter every day without looking at them, but if you look at them, you will feel endless compassion towards them ... Uncle Najib Mahfouz .. This is my first reading of your beautiful human literary art ... It seems that we are going on together in life. You tell, and I listen with interest.
O citizens, in light of the difficult circumstances the country is going through, President Mohamed Hosni Mubarak decided to give up the position of President of the Republic and instructed the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces to manage the affairs of the country .. I cried when reading this passage as if I were reading it, I hear it for the first time, every time I read about the Egyptian revolution I live the story as if I were reading it for the first time, watching the Dio clips that were mentioned in the books, as if I had never seen dozens of them. The novel is wonderful, it brought together multiple personalities who lived this experience and made me live it with my imagination. i love Egypt
The story is strange, but the way it is told is vague and sad, and I like it
Great hotel i would recommend staying in it. The location, staff and breakfast I would recommend staying in. nothing
Really long ago, I did not read a true and beautiful novel like this.
A comprehensive philosophical and contemplative view of the methodology of life
A set of personal experiences by Ahmed Helmy. Every experiment in an article and every article is an idea. An idea that helps you a lot to try to overcome reality with wisdom.
My experience of the restaurant is the restaurant is a wonderful food and the owners of the restaurant are very wonderful and they take the customer in a wonderful way.
Beautiful hotel. The location is very good. The furniture is very old, not clean, and the bathroom smells
I finally finished the novel. I have long villages and I intended to give it three stars, but I changed it when I reached the last quarter. An integrated narrative is a problem, its causes and methods of treatment. I was suffocated at first because I was annoyed by the heroes, and I was suffocated by the behavior of addicts. Their lives are playing, hitting, and sex, but. For the first time, I feel that addiction is a disease. I have always blamed the addict, and I say it will not be nullified, but the opposite of my expectation came up. She sympathized with Salah the time he entered the hospital, but soon the sympathy ended. I loved the characters and lived through them. Maryam, I was hoping that their relationship would be very difficult for me. Father, I liked the way letters are written every day for his son. Although I know that the hero will recover from addiction, I had a great feeling that he would be released from hospital again. Gui rejoiced that he had completely recovered. After reading, I felt that I remained an expert in addictions, I felt that I could know which person was addicted, I still knew all their faults, and I still knew the methods of treatment. I liked the strong style of the writer when he came to write the word monster, falling in place. I liked the writer&#39;s respect for the readers. I feel that if I sit down, write the review, I will be saved, and I still have many questions.
Gorgeous . The rooms are clean, the bed is comfortable, the breakfast is varied and delicious, and the restaurant staff treat them wonderful. I hope that the Wi-Fi in the rooms is free throughout the stay
When I read the title, I smiled, and I thought it was just a story of entertainment. When I browsed it, I could not leave it until I finished it. A wonderful novel full of deep meanings such as motherhood, freedom and friendship. Accept the other and revolution on the traditions.
A distinguished trip, especially since the time of the trip exceeds the hours of round trip, so the entertainment was present, and the accuracy in the dates is the Emirati address.
very good. . Dirty quilt and badly filled bushings
Rest and calm. Rest and calm. There is no
good. The bed is large and comfortable. The bathroom noise is weak and plumbing
About the book that keeps yourself arriving at the end of it. At the same time, your soul is not saved. About the book that I read once, what is sufficient ..
Exceptional. The beauty of the place, hotel comfort and good treatment of all staff, evening, morning, elegance of furniture and everything.
one of the best I have ever read . Beautiful, sad and charming as her characters ... .. the sequence of events and the spirit of words a full life. .... Naguib&#39;s creativity in describing psychology, dialogue and language. I lived with her as if from an alley of a hammer
Gorgeous . Special thanks to Mr. Ahmed for his cooperation, understanding and facilitating things so that our stay is comfortable. Rooms are nine and clean. The location is excellent. Wi-Fi cuts off late, buffet requests, no washing machine
Abu Hammas. The location of the hotel is good, quiet and cleanliness. As well as the staff, especially the reception staff, the highest respect in dealing, especially when I left the baggage holder was not present, so the receptionist took it down. Thank you for the good handling and generosity of morality .. Lack of a bidet in the toilets
If in my hands, make sense of the word genius, for sure, Einstein will be really a genius, because he has set a goal and a destiny that can be achieved at the end of the information, that I knew in this book. Very late and we take theories of modern science originally destroyed by Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud diligently every time impressing me with his wide knowledge and easy style in that he delivers any information and that the words he had are not real depleted it was a very wonderful book from the books that I did not hope that they would get rid of my conviction but at once I read In this topic more.
Each of us has his own methods and ways in which he expresses the point of view or feelings and the writer in this work answers a question that attracted me and made us stand and think about what it means to be alone? Each of us has his own concept and experience that drives him to think of the title and to see it from a different point of view. I see that the works of Fahd Al-Awda express his experiences and his outlook on life, and they inspire me a lot and respect him a lot. Keep it by heart, it conveys meaning and makes you think in a way that solves talismans, and there is no single or absolute solution to it.
Abdel Azeez . Location, hygiene, service. nothing
It was an omrah trip and a pleasant stay. . The reception staff is the ultimate in morality and courtesy. The 24-hour shuttle bus offers complete quiet at the hotel ... no Wi-Fi access to the room.
A very important book that must be read but rather taught to the Arabs, but rather to the whole world to explain the falsehood of the Zionists and their fabrication of lies based on texts re-interpreted by what was not revealed .. The writer destroys all the myths and myths upon which the Israeli state was founded and responds to it by documents, hadiths and writings of some Jewish clerics as well as for a large book They preceded him in exposing the Zionist regime .. June
Worth more than five stars
It was a wonderful novel ... I lived with its written details in perfection ... The author chose simple words ... It contains a lesson but it is not just a romantic novel. If we read it and contemplated it, we would find the lesson ... It was very touching.
Three or four stars. I do not know
Backstage summary of many historical events ... the worst thing about the book is that it suddenly ended and without introductions
I liked the novel, I liked it. The style was average. It is not difficult to understand, but the novel needs to be focused. We can understand and understand it. This is the first work I read to Ahmed Khaled. Tawfiq, and I honestly liked it very much, and I advise you. The plot was very loud and accurate. Rate it from. But the novel ka. Where is the cam. part. they were. A little boring, but this is not a masterpiece
Not in magic in the world. I believe in this very much. Sahar Al-Muji is not a writer here, but she is one of the priestesses of the temples, writers of wisdom and carriers of knowledge. She does not know what face the Egyptian gods were affected after reading a novel, and it was influenced by Nephthys and Nut. I liked the use of colloquial language charm. I think the only writer who has been married to her yet has described the physical and sexual sensations in a sublime manner and there is nothing to scratch modesty. I liked the novel very much. Everyone needs a retreat like the one that Hussam has had for many times. But not even once, we thought we were defective ¥ A novel end of a strange and exquisite Mottagdarsh says that the end was open because it led to Lake hints every possible personal complement Emczuaraha you employ and Kasai idea imagination. The only thing that spoils my enjoyment of reading is the story of margins. I used to cut the story to go to the end of the book. I see what is meant. What was myself doing margins in the last page to keep it easy? It would have been nice if I had written the foreign songs in English at the end of the translated song or at the end of the page. Noun and Darya are one of the novels that definitely hate them many times. Enjoy me greatly:
. Quiet and clean. One of the elevators does not work from the days I was contacted about the air-conditioner because it is hot and no one came to me and I moved the key and it became cold and after an hour and a half and a maintenance worker came to me and said salvation yaba
The owner of the sad .. the name of a bird that plays the most beautiful melodies when he is wounded or bleeds blood, and so is the case of this wonderful novel. In the first you will find yourself lost, and I do not understand what, and who are the heroes so many countries .. But in the end..to discover that you were bewitched and that the writer took you on a journey, you yourself will be agitated that they concluded when you close the book. I really felt sad that the book was concluded..and I was sad about the novel and its events, even though it is not a sad novel, but it gives you a need. I do not know that I describe it ... this is the first book in my life to close it and in the same moment I close it and go back read it from the first. Beautiful hard. Note: If you do not have patience, or do not like reading, it cannot be read
The book is great, its village in one day, during periods, but the end is normal, and if you need a different need
A wonderful novel, as usual, from the wonderful Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq
How to read from this site
It was a very wonderful trip. every thing is excellent. The reservation price was AED, but when I got there, I asked for a dirham
Excellent and luxurious. Quiet hygiene. nothing
An interesting proposition of the subject of conscious and subconscious mind
I recommend staying there. The site is very close to the campus. Breakfast is very, very special. The crew was helpful. There is a market at the bottom of the hotel, which contains Bin Dawood and Al-Baik and many shops. It has a car park at the bottom of the hotel. The hotel is new and opened only months ago .. I booked a room with a view of the Haram, but I was surprised that the view was partial, it appears from the Haram only part of the roof there is Ibrahim Al-Khalil Street that must be crossed to reach the Haram, this note concerns those with children. Some cleaners allude to tipping. Sound insulation is weak.
good. The calm. Parking is not available
Grandmother . Only bed and food was good. The carpet is dirty and the elevators are very modest and dirty. The hotel&#39;s corridors are also not clean.
A very sweet novel, but it took a long time to some extent, which involved me in the events.
Good comfortable stay. Everything. nothing
Excellent. The hotel is beautiful and luxurious, quick check-in and check-out, spacious room, very close to Sheikh Zayed Road. No fridge in the room
good . The hotel is beautiful and quiet, very good Wi-Fi and the staff are very helpful and friendly. Draining of the water in the toilets is weak and the positions are very narrow ...
If you are traveling on a long trip on the plane, this is one of the novels that I advise you to read during your travel, a beautiful story that travels between two different times to tell the story of the Sheikh of the Mawlawi method Jalaluddin Rumi and his friend Shams al-Tabrizi, and a woman from contemporary time was affected by this story and was influenced by the personality of the sun specifically and its choice of departure In a new adventure to discover life, using many of the rules that Shams set out to live his life accordingly, these rules are worthy if they are set as a way of life than to achieve the inner peace that we currently seek in our life. Here are some of the most important of these rules: Most of the world&#39;s problems stem from a simple misunderstanding. If you want people to change their treatment of you, try first to change the way you treat yourself. Heaven and Hell are what we choose to live in our lives now. Whatever you say or do from good or evil will come back to you one day for every thing. A specific time. God is a precise timer. Finally, there is no value to life without love.
Great place to stay. The breakfast place in the lounge was quiet and the service was excellent.
Kundera made everything simple .. everything pleasurable in front of us .. and put us before the challenges of the human psyche. Treason .? Or fulfillment? Love .. or hate ?? Sacrifice .. or selfishness ??. Perhaps the second reading .. I could write a review worthy of such a masterpiece. A novel read and then read, and every time you touch something in us:
Exceptional. Excellent and cheap hotel compared to the rest.
A strong novel full of meanings and comparisons .. One of the most beautiful things I have read ... It may be the reason for my admiration that I am a doctorate in the Diaspora passed or witnessed many of the experiences that nullified the narrator and Mustafa Saeed .. In the novel some porn hints that I did not find any reason to mention ..But this does not detract from the strength of the novel in general ..
There is no new permission under the sun, and we may not find in our time a counterpart to Ali, but we find a lot for the likes of Abdul Rahman. Faraj Fouda summarizes the current political scene accurately and clearly and shows how Islam was used as a political tool in the hands of rulers and not as a religion
A wonderful family hotel and my stay will be next time. The hotel is great and categorizes more than stars. Cleanliness of rooms and a smile and staff screen. The room is controlled by the iPad. nothing....
Exceptional. Comfortable and quiet, the staff is friendly, courteous, and the pool-based person is aware of his work and is keen on children&#39;s safety ... The safety and security system is excellent. There is a kind of difficulty in reaching the hotel site due to the presence of work sites around it that have not been completed yet.
A very interesting novel, similar to Da Vinci&#39;s code, by Dan Brown. It included historical information that I had never known and events I had never heard of before. I raised many questions in myself and I think it will lead me to contemplate history more and search for a lot, such as Freemasonry, underground groups and other things that I have never discussed. Its end is provocative, as it is an open end. It did not satisfy my curiosity as a reader. . But I am very excited to read the second part, the absentee return
Beautiful stay. The staff is very classy ... especially the brother, who is on the morning of the morning. Unfortunately, I do not know his name, but it appears that he is of Egyptian nationality. Attitudes are kinda difficult
Exceptional. The hotel is excellent, the reception is great, very fast, the room is clean and the breakfast is good.
Good stay. Excellent handling and cleanliness. nothing
Luxury palace in a small space. Screen and courteous workers, especially the people of the country and luxury, the comfort of a bed, the comfort of the bathroom, the accuracy of the details, and the spaciousness of the place.
Wonderful documentation of the Nakba catastrophe and its aftermath of contemporary Palestinian Arab history. In the novel, drowning in the details .. There are some chapters that had been deleted from the novel would not have affected its structure. But in general it remains an excellent account of Radwa Ashour, may God have mercy on him
The metaphor is excellent. The hotel is located in an excellent location with a supermarket and pharmacy, all services are close by, in addition to the beautiful Al Majaz Park. Inability to take bags off positions due to the limited family size, some things are narrow
Gorgeous . Excellent. Only the bar near the reception
She and Duha said: There is a lot of depth and realism in them .. Their events take place during the period of setback, defeat and humiliation .. But we feel that they are mirror to the present .. Bahaa Taher, you are the word genius .. Greetings
Atlantis flight. Plenty of entertainment options. Food quality. Staff experience. I decreased the number of reception staff. I said the organization
Not all Iraqis will know. What&#39;s this. Gulfi South only
Very cool, he tells the story of philosophy in an attractive way.
Wonderful. The proximity to the room, the room and the facilities, the presence of the dressing room, the presence of an air conditioner and the lighting control when the bed is beautiful, the breakfast buffet is nice and varied, the presence of parking and the parking service. The soundproofing is very poor and weak, I had to change the room from the inconvenience of the children of the next inmate, and I am still not comfortable with entering the sounds
Beautiful place and great stay. everything.
Nice and close to the old city rooms: tidy, clean, and a bit sterile. Size: small but not crowded. Swimming pool: It is open interchangeably for men and women, so it is scheduled, so its dates are very specific. Internet: expensive. Location: Great, ten minutes from Damas Gate old town, twenty minutes from Ben Yehuda. Meals: A large collection of fresh Middle Eastern meals for all tastes and desires, salad, meat, and soup. The dessert buffet is plentiful and breakfast is enormous, with sweetness. Most customers come in groups.
The novel is very, very beautiful and interesting ... As usual, writer Agatha Christie does not give any way to suspecting the actor ... of course there is little comedy and excitement because of the presence of the characters Tommy and Tobins who opened an investigation office and were secret agents
very good. . The hotel parking is very poor in terms of cleanliness and foul smell
A return to the writings of Youssef Idris, Naguib Mahfouz and Kilani, where the story has another taste and its reading is a different pleasure. Each story is a world of charming description, beauty of language, and simplicity and clear meaning. Anecdotal collection remains in memory, although some of the stories I dislike.
Sad, transformer. Siri lines. Sadness, Attar. P-door. Show me an excitement. For my explanation. Put his wind ben my conscience. Show me a stick harder than adulterated ... Show me someone who looks similar to me. It is almost a likeness. I don&#39;t like it. No .. this is my likeness. A loaf of living. And it does not look like me ... our bathroom? And no ... acacia tree. Financial yard ?. No mishaplich other than the one who missed. He has my name and has my form. You laughed at him and laughed at me. . ... O girl, O mother of lost, green. My doctor is on a painstaking appearance. And my saying is all insignificant. But ... all but wait, girl. Burn everything. Was or .. be. Mobaidehkash .. Hot Dam .. Diwan full of the world .. Real .. Thank you
Although it was written years ago ... despite the difference in our time from the era in which it was written ... I cried ... I lived with it the passion of love ... with Aida ... and Ahmed. I felt her love for him .. and her eagerness ... I saw her in front of me .. I saw them whispering .. I saw him holding his hand and kissing her ... My heart was snatched from me when he died .. She did not pronounce life after him and she died ... The novel that I kept I cry after it for a week and until now whenever I remember its events, I cried ... more than wonderful
I am very thankful for the novel. This is a narrative that you can not give to anyone who really supports you.
The price is very expensive and not studied compared to other hotels. Good cleanliness. The internet is unsuccessful and does not cover the rooms
The safe is a great hotel. Excellent parking, excellent service, excellent handling, excellent breakfast, excellent location. Excavations are next to the hotel
happy memory . Location, staff, restaurant, view, pool, beach, toilet, quiet, design. The bed was not clean enough, the curtains are outdated, the channel list is few and there are no channels, there is no kettle, the refrigerator is very small,
The immortal chant of the immortality of the rain
A wonderful book in general recounts the Iraqi story of Joana from an Arab father and a Kurdish mother, and because her father is deaf and dumb, her brother and sister were always communicating with their mother, so their affiliation was purely Kurdish ... the novel was balanced between the social streak in Joanna&#39;s biography from childhood until safety outside the country and the political line in Iraq in general and the Kurdish issue in particular .. What I see negatively in the exaggerated novel is not what was mentioned about the suffering of the Kurds, but in the true story of Joanna, as the author claims, Joanna may be a real character, but I do not think that all this happened to her, the spices that were added spoiled some of the taste of the novel Also, I did not like the translation in some places As it seemed rigid, it could be a novel told by Joanna in Arabic or Kurdish or in both languages, then translated into English and then into Arabic again. Examples of bad translation when mentioning the name of Saddam Hussein’s Khair, God is good for students Talfa, and his name is Khairallah Telfah, which is a name that does not hide On the authority of any person familiar with Saddam Hussein’s biography, he had an effect on Saddam while he was the governor of Baghdad and the father of Saddam’s wife, Sajida Khairallah Telfah, and his son, the Iraqi Minister of Defense Adnan Khair Allah during the Iran-Iraq war. Also, it is not permissible to customarily translate Kaka Jalal with the word Uncle Jalal. The search for Aisha&#39;s aunt separated the transmission of a painful human image of what happened to the Kurds, and added to the novel a lot
/ From the most wonderful thing I read .. Thanks to the wonderful writer. Indeed, it is not painful for a person to have a cheap price, but pain is all pain;
good. . The rooms are small and the toilets are smaller
Beautiful, with all the meaning of the word, which means a smooth and enjoyable style that applauded me a lot ...
A very surprising novel, like Ahmed Mourad, we are back ...
Tired of years
A sweet journey. The calmness of the hotel is close to the beach. The number of reception staff versus residents is a little tight in the place to get off and ride in the car The entrance is small compared to the number of the car
Exceptional. The hotel is very excellent, services are great and parking is available.
I bought it and it was in the children&#39;s bookshelf: The title suggests that to some extent..but it is not for a specific age group..and after reading it makes you think..and meditates a lot..in addition to the sweetness of words and smile after reading..and this is simply required
No matter how you feel, put it inside. Realistic, painful, painful words for the reality of our life ... From the novels that left a deep trail ... It will not go easily ... Love, infinite, forever
good. Dealed with excellent reception staff, especially Mr. Imad, reception manager. The mattress was very poor and did not reflect the standard of a hotel in the name of the murid
Good. . Hassle
Dr.. Ahmed Khairy Al-Omari excelled in this series as usual ... I personally did not understand the meaning of the saying that a person changes by prayer and that it always changes for the best ... I did not understand how prayer changed us, as it has become a habit that we perform it times a day more than it is a cult that changes us And what changed in our inner affairs for the better .. only after reading this series ::. I understood how this worship could change us and crystallize our behaviors and thoughts to reach through what we should be, and the real meaning of our existence and the purpose of prayer arrived to me. And because of the magnificence of this series, it did not take me more than a month and a half to read it
Change the sound of the music and the piano, the rating exceeds points. I really like this hotel: location, restaurant and cleanliness. He dissatisfied a lot with the sound of the piano and the music, especially that Sharjah is a city in which the Islamic character is predominant and is more annoying when sitting in the lobby.
Excellent. The location of the hotel is very close to the sanctuary. Meal prices are very high
. Room size is large and clean. The hotel only rugs in non-smoking custom. Room service is very poor and is their only drawback
I wish the book would have many parts for it, because it is simply a re-writing of history and the emergence of personalities for what they are ... A really useful book, as usual, the style of Yusef Zidan, there is no dispute over it:
Exceptional. The location is nice, look that there are all the services around the hotel, the room area is large, and very clean. Bed linens were substandard
President Erdogan was able to be the Prime Minister with people&#39;s love for him, his closeness, and his sincerity in the promises that his people promised that he would give a project end date except for his time and one of the most important turns in his life was the mayor of Beyoglu, and then a stronger turnaround, which was his receipt of the Istanbul mayor, after which Istanbul turned into a city Free of garbage and full of trees and a solution to the water problem that the Turks thought of sincerity of this problem was greatly affected by his position when he retreated to demolish a village on the outskirts of the river and they brought equipment and sweepers and even the medical group attended and workers just because a woman cried and talked about her memories in the village. Tears poured into Erdogan&#39;s cheek and he ordered a retreat because he felt they had agreed, fearing the state. The most beautiful also was his rejection of secularism when a student answered his question and said I am a democratic Muslim. This person does not abbreviate words, and I hope to read his memoir if he thinks of publishing it, which has been perpetual in the nineties. My book&#39;s remark is that he has a lot of electoral details and names of places that mean nothing to the Turkish reader, which has made me bored.
A wonderful booklet which reveals a high level of culture and depth and denies the claims of some about the books of Sayyid Qutb
Commandments that must be preserved with their numbers ... Every command that you finish reading it is sad that you have finished it ..
We need to prepare to forget, even if there are no signs of need
It&#39;s Agatha Christie. An accurate description of interesting style ... I think that after reading this novel .... I became safe that my reading direction will be for English literature for the coming period:
All it takes for a torrent of memories to flow into me is to mention the name of the songs, the fifteenth girl, and the summer vacation nights, and the charm of these ancient worlds with their singers, poets, lovers and their companions preventing sleep until morning hours .. and noon sometimes. This book, with its twenty-four parts and twelve volumes, was my teenage friend and the gateway to my entry into the world of books and the reason for my love for them.
Excellent. The location of the hotel deals the employees in the hotel, the beds are comfortable for sleeping, and the decor of the residence is quiet and beautiful The inconvenience issued by hotels near it, especially at the end of the night, from the Shams Al-Remal Hotel. The positions are very small ... and they have other parking spaces in a building next to them that they did not benefit from. It seems that it is special for the hotel’s management. From being inside the hotel
A wonderful book that shows us genius Palestinian figures that we did not know .. It also shows the suffering of Palestinian prisoners .. It reveals the existence of another complicit occupation with the Israeli occupation
Excellent . . The restaurant is narrow and there is no swimming pool
The hotel is generally good. Cleanliness. / The problem with the card, the door switch, is very much stopped, and then I have to check the reception for repair, and the family is waiting at the room
To start with, he provoked me that the novel had ended and he had not yet learned Jose / Issa Arabia. It was he who repeated the saying of Jos Rizal more than once, who did not like his mother tongue, was the worst stink. I hated endless restrictions in our societies in general and Kuwait in particular. .. I have never seen this community so naked or naked before. The details of writing are fun despite the gloom of the ongoing events. I can hardly recite it as a novel, nothing more. Despite the humid atmosphere of Indonesia ... the depression of Mendoza and the scorn of his character and Mama Aida weakened. I loved it from Kuwait, due to what Jesus suffered in his failed attempts to get along with the latter. At the height of the problems, and the absurd talk about the lineage and gossip that is at the level of the country as a whole, I almost tore the papers and extracted from them this dark thing called the reactionary society to the most intense of his shirt, due to him. Of racist class backward talk. I loved his way of inferring God from his movement between beliefs. I loved his prayer naivety and found sincerity in him that he did not see in many of the i&#39;tikaaf. I loved Jose religion and his belief in God. And for some reason I cannot know. I loved Ghassan very much. Nevertheless, I did not like Issa’s despair in the end. And I wished that the writer .. in one way or another, provided that it is close to realism .. Jose gave the right to call the mouth full by Isa Al-Tarouf. The end frustrated me, though happy. I loved Mirla .. and the outlet that came to Jesus and me with her presence and the beauty of her personality. I loved the novel in general ... regardless of the gray mood and the dissatisfaction in which you left me
A wonderful book .. You may agree or differ from the writer’s interpretations in explaining some of the verses .. but it certainly opens your eyes to a new vision that invites you to further research and exploration in the interpretation of the whole Qur’an
A beautiful historical book is considered to be the memoirs and history of the Sarsi family, and of course it carries the fragrant of our history in which it contains all shapes and colors .... but, as usual, most of the book is very hard, I do not know why a long book is repeated in which events and memories are repeated and returns again ... very possible the book is short and it will not Of its value .. Despite this I liked it very much and began reading the second part soon ...
Under our feet we should have a solid ground, we love it, we quarrel with it, and we abandon it for the severity of what we love, and we quarrel with it, so we return to it. One of the stories that made me think about it long, and live its events ... as one of its heroes ... the kind that touches the soul..and leaves a mark that will not go away
Wonderful. Everything at the hotel is great. There is no buffer for external sounds. Unfortunately, there are no multiple food items in the menu in the room
I was still bewitched with Haruki, his drawing of characters, of places, but the novel itself did not like it. I liked the idea of separating from the self and leaving for another side in which we might accept ourselves, but in the absolute it was not the story with the richness that I calculated.
Thank you very much effort. The book is very good as an attempt to do justice to the Islamic religion and is useful for those who first read about Islam in an attempt to clarify the image
Exceptional. The hotel in general is excellent and I liked everything, especially the decor and the children&#39;s water park.
Exceptional. I liked the whole hotel.
The novel is transmitted between generations that are narrowed by the earth, until their throne becomes margins. It started with Abu Jaafar Al-Warraq, then his children and grandchildren, and the grandchildren of his grandchildren .. How did Granada face all this pain? And how did olive oil become tears after he killed his cultivator, or abandoned ?? . Abu Jaafar died naked from everything, even from faith. Desperate after they burned all the books .. He left behind the house of the chaperones, and appointed tears .. The keys of the houses reached the grandson of his grandson Ali, he was carrying them while he was in the open, no family, no house, no land, looking at them and saying: The doors are gone, and the lock has changed, What do these keys do? ... Granada, Granada, and Bayazin are no longer in pain .. A novel that squeezes pain, and revives the memory to come to its wound completely
An exquisite narrative model of timeless wisdom that history repeats itself or as Ibn Khaldun said:. The following is similar to the past from the drop by the drop. In works that have the effect of magic, this is an appropriate description of a very specific quality of literary works, with works that are unparalleled and there are no similar things. Absolutely simply: you will rarely encounter an action with the complexity of this work. The epic and legendary work will give you all the justifications to place it in the position it deserves. I had read this work more than years ago, but until now I am still in a state of gratification from it .. Of the works that whenever the world narrowed for me and intensified me, I resorted to reading it and its magic is done with frankness .. The work deals with the life of a family that formed an integrated village and society in isolation from the world Let the writer offer a complete life for that whole community Its details and events. The writer created a world full of his imagination. A scientist who succeeded in putting you at the heart of its events to be influenced by what they are affected by and interact with them .. to live with it the succession of its generations and their changes and their natural and abnormal actions .. The generations of the novel punish a stressful fatigue in following the names and proportions of each of them. But at the end of the work, you will not be able to forget the dear, charming, beautiful, charming woman, with her high character and steadfastness in front of time. Resilience of strength and pride .. If you want to describe this work in a proper description: it is the novel that will lose an important part of your life if you did not read it.
Great diving this is my first stay here. The camp was essential, the owner was loved, and he was doing his duty perfectly. I practiced diving and it was a comfortable, easy and wonderful experience. We stayed days and didn&#39;t want to leave. I hope to return again. I loved the hookah and it was a great place to spend money
I enjoyed the product with challenges with my friends Thank you for this great product
Exceptional. Very quiet for psychological comfort and very beautiful in terms of location.
Exceptional. Everything is very clean and the reception guys were very helpful. Thank them. Difficult to reach the hotel crowded parking
excellent . Price for accommodation and services. Water Cycle
I read all of Ashmawi&#39;s novels except the time of hyenas. Obsessed by guarded Egypt occupies him in every novel from the first African Toya that the Egyptian loved her and left her to die so she gave him her daughter to Najia in the guide who lost the pronunciation of the amount of corruption that she turned from Maher and her father before him, to Mary in the barman who lost her mind and was unable to patience after she suffered and met The two matters were from Munir and Abdel-Wahab, the authority and religion met with them to Norsin in his masterpiece, The Shepherd Dogs, which he described. A sincere greeting from the heart to you, my creator
Great black comedy
Our problem over the days of passion
Al-Sharqawi. The hotel is generally excellent and suitable for families and very close to the Sharaf DG station, walking for about two minutes, the apartment is spacious and clean, the rooms are explained, tidy, the bathrooms are good and clean The Internet is very generous, I wish they could develop it
Excellent. Location and hygiene. Lack of elevators
Light papers with a summary of a successful life:
I hope I will have another opportunity to stay in this hotel. Breakfast is excellent in addition to lunch and serving. Reception staff are distinguished for their sophisticated approach to dealing, especially employee Ahmed Bani Bakr ... none ...
Pretty cool. . The bathroom floor was very slippery; there is no washing bidet in the bathroom, may God bless you.
Bdhlteh, Fatima, my meal was postponed:. . Mansi Qandil Dob my heart in his novel de. And I saw it, so I fataft: Fataft :. Fatima love mixed with pain. Love that does not end inevitably. The joy that fades away from all our hands. What is it? Fatima pain, pain, and longing. Dizziness, hope, despair, and laughter before. the death. Nice novel I recommend reading it. You will move your heart and let it dance on a sad music
Wonderful and fun but we ask for more attention and have booked again at the same hotel. The food is delicious but the price is overrated. The refrigerator is of the old model and was free of water and juice. The toilet is God&#39;s honor. There was a pool of water in the middle. Please work on repairing it.
A distinguished hotel that deserves more than three stars, which is only faulty away from the sanctuary, which consumes a great time in commuting on the days of Saturn. Cleanliness, luxury, comfort, and the way the hotel employees treat the taste and screen of the face of God’s reward. The best of the hotel owner and those in charge of it. Away from the sanctuary, a long time is wasted on busy days, but on normal days it is highly recommended
The novel is very sweet and very interesting. Although I did not like the open ends, it was the right ending
A book in total is nice, I like the writer&#39;s style and the smoothness of the story, two things, but they are very annoying to me. The first need is that an entire people had only one source of any information, which is the government.
Exceptional. Thanks to Mr. Mustafa, and the reception was all great.
I want to read this book
In one day I read a wonderful book ..
Very well worth the visit. Location and quiet place. Some things need to be renewed
Blindness .. Maybe it was not my blindness .. It was not my blindness final .. It was insight .. On every page I could see .. Yes, I have seen all the meaning of the word .. I saw humanity while it was taken away from a human being .. I saw a person and He kills, steals, and commits adultery in order to survive ... even if his life has no meaning ... Blindness is not just a narration that discusses the condition of the blind .. Rather, it is a search that searches and dives into the human souls .. When Naguib Mahfouz says the most beautiful thing I read .. it is the most beautiful of what you will read from novels .. it teaches you a lot .. very much .. whoever has not read that novel has not yet seen ..
A wonderful novel .. One of the greatest writings of Yusuf Al-Sibai .. Attracts the reader and makes him in a state of constant attention and focus from the beginning of the novel until the end of it without a moment of boredom or straying ... An honest novel .. clear .. shocking .. It must be taught in our schools, may it become Future generations are less hypocritical than us ... But among the splendor of this magnificence lies my difference with the writer on the point of birth control on the basis of social level .. It is not reasonable to force the poor to have children in less proportions. Of the rich just because they are poor or because they are dependent on the state and spread their low culture .. How many creators born from the womb of poverty and how many rich did not leave anything useful in his life ... I found on this point a racist I know for sure that the writer does not mean it but rather moments of impartiality From the hypocrisy and courtesy that the writer promised us in the introduction to the novel ... God made this narration in the balance of the writer&#39;s good deeds and as far as it carries between its lines of the nobility and the restoration of lost morals ..
. The hotel is great and the place is very excellent, the view of the rooms is excellent, but there are some problems in the hotel, and the most surprising problem is the key to the rooms. I was a star hotel only. The key system was a card and not a metal key anyway. Among inmates according to nationalities, in the sense of Italian and English nationality, he is treated as Russian and Egyptian, and various nationalities are badly treated, to the extent that the Director General has noticed many that he prefers to speak in Italian and English nationalities, and he is recommended to them and is interested in problems understood and may sit with them even if they meet h Dr. Egyptian, Russian, different nationalities, with a laugh, and this is the case of the manager.
Good, but the adaptation is annoying, not quiet, and the amateurs are not like the annoying air conditioner. Animal Skin Bag. Its air conditioning is awful and its amateurs love it
Good hotel. The hotel is clean and provides good services. Bus to and from the sanctuary is very acceptable. The price of the hotel is great compared to the rest of the hotels in Mecca of the same class .. Upon arrival we had to wait for half an hour only because the reception staff was dining. After that, we could not sleep on the first night due to severe itching, perhaps because there was too much bath on the window. Hardly the room was changed the next day ... on the whole, the hotel is good but some reception staff were not cooperating as required.
I am surprised that they blame her for publishing the messages, even though she is a writer, that there was an agreement between her and Ghassan. This is something that is not certain for me. That is as much as you want to keep us together, and you and I want to stay together as much as that puts us in a bloody feud with the world..it is a terrible equation ...
A beautiful novel, as soon as you finish reading it until you realize the value of everything you own ... I think that these detainees lived the freedom that they did not live outside Tazmamart .. especially the ones united in the language of Alana and the West and Karim rose to the highest meanings of freedom. What is important is the story. He started with the United in the capacity of Alana, and he was arrested by the police for the military coup. He is a young man who suffered with his brothers and his mother and chose the military to appoint his mother and relieve him of his father. He was a strong, well-off person who loves books. My cock, but he does not deserve to be a father. He was distinguished With no responsibility, he spends his time sitting with the king telling, narrating, and entertaining like an acrobat. In the name of Anna, I don’t know whether I went to the palace to follow orders, or did I go to kill my father instead of the king .. I have always tried to run away from this question, but I find it besieged by it and bound by the confusion .. It is true that I do not hate him or hate him as I do not like him and I do not want revenge one day and I complete his story in Wing A in Tazzamart, the hole in which he suffered the most deprivation But they planned to take advantage of that darkness and convert from cruelty something that would elevate them to the realm of freedom. So it was generous as the hour is a strong force that makes it known at what hour they are, on what day and in which year .. As for the Westerner, he was responsible for teaching them the Holy Qur’an and improving it and promoting them to Spirituality ... and the one who spoke with the conscience of the I was telling, narrating and praying as compensation for what he had regretted for what he had done. Corruption ... and one of them taught them English and assured that until the time for sleep came, which was considered suffering and pain especially for the narrator, which was long and his cell was not enough ... stray there and remained from a person all died there who died from cockroaches and there are those He died by the Copts, and there were those who committed suicide, and there were those who starved to death and died until the thousand thousand survivors who survived were enslaved and succeeded in living freedom in a dark darkness with a brilliant spiritual light that left them to freedom. ...
Wonderful. Location. The price is high
Sarlah Hotel is a five-star hotel. The frankness of the hotel is tired of it, and it is useful for young people. Its location is quiet, and no one annoys you and his workers.
This part is sweeter than the first part
Family center in the city at a reasonable price. Trading variances may be the most prominent observation and occupies the first rank with cleanliness. Weekly, I don’t know if that was the reason for the rooms
Have fun next to the Dubai Mall and Burj Khalifa. I loved entertainment and shopping with my family at The Dubai Mall.
Reading literature usually makes you imagine its facts. As for Azazel, it is the only novel that makes you think.
Beautiful hotel. Excellent location and close to all services.
A novel is different in its form and content. The style is eloquent and different from prevailing, in keeping with the era that the story talks about. The title is mysterious and does not realize its meaning until soon before the end Events have some lengthening and stretching. But the meanings are beautiful, the lessons and lessons are wonderful, and the prophetic biography is a successful employer in the sequence of events. All the best for the author, and waiting for new ones:
A wonderful novel .. tells the story of defeating disease and the weakness of resourcefulness ... a wonderful novel ... you hurt me .. made me sad .. reminded me a lot ... she reminded me of the pain of my aunt .. God heals her ... a novel whose language is easy literary ... deserves to be read. ... but I violate many of the principles contained therein ..
Whatever it is, the scourge of our neighborhood remains forgotten
Turkish Palace. God willing, the hotel is luxurious and sophisticated, the design is very similar, but the Turkish series. The hotel has a nice feeling, breakfast is of all kinds. The price of the breakfast is high and the Jacuzzi in the men&#39;s health club is broken at the time of my visit
The first star of being a new novelist as an encouragement. The second star: For the smooth, sequential events, filled with a coincidence, beginning with his entry to Magdy as he talks to Jane. The third star: for literary additions. The fourth star: Because he gave me the novel he was bribed. The missing star: Because its events are repeated ... and you lose surprise, so it can be written again in the future more broadly, and a clearer view of new scenes.
Exceptional. Calm and smooth handling. There is no
good. The hotel is new, upscale buildings and excellent location. The management is very helpful and is seriously trying to help and please the guests. The services are very weak because the hotel is new and the services are not available.
The accomodation is very special for this hotel. The room is tidy and comfortable, and the hotel staff from the reception to the guest workers are highly respectful and provide service with a smiling face. The location is vital because there are many groceries, restaurants and cushions too. Internet access is free only in the lobby and value added in the rooms. The parking lots are very small and few you will face a problem in parking the car and find a place to park it in the parking lots
excellent . Everything is frank. There is no
I read Rabba’s novel in a very short time and wished it was not finished. If I have a quiet time I read it twice, three and four. Novel novel in the full sense of the word. A greeting from me to the character, whom I loved very, very, very much from the protagonists, and who cried me very much and pained my heart for her
The best hotel in Mecca. The hotel is wonderful in all respects and is characterized by the elegance of its employees, their elegant treatment, their constant smile, and their endeavor to delight and satisfy the guests of the hotel guests. The service is very fast, the breakfast buffet is rich to the extravagant and varied to satisfy all tastes, distinguished by the quality and professionalism of the staff. The hotel is great and I did not see any negative points throughout my stay
The book is great, entertaining. It is more than terrifying. It is also full of valuable information. I also liked this part more than the third part and waiting for the first part to be read, but my problem with the stories is that it ends without specific endings and leaves many questions unanswered in your mind.
If you want to rest, I live in Al Barsha. Good hospitality and thanks to the reception staff. No shattaf
And not the most amazing .. I tasted the taste of the houses while I was reading this sequence that I finished once in Peugeot and I am returning from traveling .. Although the language is free of rhetorical images, metaphors and similes, its smoothness and ease show the extent of the genius that was written With it .. Professor Khalil Abu Suleiman .. I was delighted to be your spectator during this book that I wanted, and I desperately wanted it not to end ... I thank you for your generosity for hosting you and for allowing me to intrude your things, the details of your day and your human feelings in a time of distress and sadness and Joy, sickness and refraction ... Thank you very much, Ahmed, for the nomination and for the copy that you have read and believed, Haitham when you confirmed to me that Its successive change of my mind while writing uncle Ibrahim Aslan
Wonderful..I liked the topic itself, and it is the same topic that we currently live in almost every day, and the presentation and style are different
If reading is one of the most important duties of the times, then this book can be categorized under what does not have to be accomplished except by it, then it is also a duty .... The most important characteristic of this book is that it gives the correct approach to reading, so that the result is that it is a fruitful reading .. in which I dwell Dr. Abdul Karim Bakkar in talking about the types of reading, which he divided into five and separated in talking about each of them in terms of its usefulness and mechanisms and the type of books appropriate for it, which is a fast bullet count of exploratory, rapid, analytical, selective and pivotal reading.
Great place for a vacation My visit to the Relais Beach Club Hotel was absolutely amazing and I will definitely return. The friendly, quiet and relaxing atmosphere of this hotel is unparalleled in any other tourist resort. Thai-style houses / cottages give the place a totally secluded retreat to spend one&#39;s vacation and enjoy privacy and independence. The service is performed quickly and kindly when you need it, but at other times you will be left alone and enjoying your time as you desire. The Relay Beach Club Hotel is hiding in a place on a stunning limestone cliff. That captivates the sunset. The Relay Beach Club Hotel is a sanctuary for birds and monkeys and even heard and seen with the eyes of Gibbons monkeys moving in the woods behind the Relay Beach Club Hotel. Certainly the best place on the peninsula if you want to be independent and secluded.
Bromine is their right once, my step ... Cheesecake is sweet, and fruit cake is sweet, we always take from it
A beautiful novel with all its details and interesting events, I read it in an hour because it attracted me to complete it .. It talks about justice and injustice about good and evil, love and hatred .. Its level is high and I prefer reading novels with a goal and fun style.
Exceptional. The service is excellent and amazing.
Comfortable and upscale stay. Everything is great, the location, tranquility, privacy and its proximity to the tourist places and the staff in general. I thank an employee whose name and the rest of his colleagues are without smoking and no drinking at the hotel.
A global novel stood in front of many pages in which I think ... and somewhat realistic in explaining the psyche of the rich and the poor ... I was upset with Jaber and his sister very much, I felt that they were grieving that they were fictional characters ... but that is what happened
You have to imagine the year of writing this book ... and what is the culture of that era ... and read it accordingly ... so you will enjoy it
Exceptional. Everything, good reception and hospitality as well as the location, speed in completing the procedures, responding to the wishes of the guest, the quiet of the room and cleanliness in the place, its proximity to important places such as markets and restaurants, and very close to the campus, all employees give you the feeling that you are the only guest they have, thanks to all the staff, especially the assistant to the front office manager Ehab Mahmoud Zaki. Vine leaves as if not fresh, canned
Exceptional. I was upgraded to a two-room suite, the room is sweet, clean and spacious, which benefits the right of Awael, the LU is beautiful on the marina and has easy access to the JBR. nothing
Excellent. Dealing, reception and hygiene. The cost of the restaurant
Frankly, without complimenting it, it is very wonderful and deserves evaluation, and it will be forgotten for the sake of structuring stores that know the meaning of my words, so that they lose the place of a very wonderful place.
very good. The place is quiet and suitable for families, around which there is a mosque and some restaurants.
Thank you, Karim Al Masry. Respected receptionist, with a decent name, Karim. The net
Many lessons from the lives of the esteemed companions, may God be pleased with them .. Fun for the fans of Islamic history.
good. . I hope the room system will change in terms of brushes, bathroom sets and better attention
Very good stay. Its proximity to the sanctuary, its design, speed of elevators, staff ethics and many others You need more hygiene and care in the bathroom
The cafe, through my first experience, is great and has a wide reputation for chocolate. Everything around you suggests chocolate of all kinds and the menu is varied and the most delicious is the distinctive endo Mayo and the service is fast even in crowded times. But, as usual, teenage groups gather more spoils the fun in such quiet places because they are people accustomed to the streets and streets and do not understand the meaning of a café.
Excellent. Breakfast.
Sometimes it happens that I cry. Like children for no reason. It happens that you are bored of your good eyes. with no reason. It happens that I get tired of my words. From my papers .. from my books. It happens that I get tired of being tired. I always found him telling me without knowing, so his kindness greeted him to Nizar
from the book :. It is not true that an entire society can be changed without changing one&#39;s own self at the same time and with the same movement. This change is not carried out with moral preaching or isolationist introvertedness to the self, but rather by joint action and joint struggle. And without changing the self in this way, the goal that can be achieved is to change a government without a political system, but by replacing it with control with dislocation and dislocation
I was browsing Facebook as usual and was surprised by the announcement of a restaurant called Just Falafel, and they opened branches in Riyadh, so I decided to try it. Visiting Sunday // branch: King Abdulaziz Street, in Riyadh. He who takes the requests is a Saudi, and he was at the top of ethics and friendliness. He asked me how you heard about it and I told him via Facebook. The order is: Falafel Quesadia Real Sandwich without Meal. Meal for two persons consisting of Falafel, two drinks and potatoes, with sauce and real tortilla bread. The decor is generally beautiful, as is the cleanliness. The size of the shop is small and there is no section for families. Price: somewhat high compared to falafel buffets. The restaurant in general is beautiful and the taste of falafel is delicious. I urge you to visit and try it, and I will visit it again. Greetings to all.
The great writer, may God have mercy on him, wrote a broad mercy This book expresses his view of man and art, and this is what the poem expressed about how Amer Al-Khudari stuck to his bow and how he selected and created it and its people and retired from it and became his loyal friend who does not leave him so that the unhappy merchant comes to steal it from him, O God on The amount of feelings in the poem ... I loved it very, very, very, very much to the pain ... Oh God, have mercy on your servant Mahmoud Shaker and reward him with the best reward.
Nice hotel but its prices are high. Its proximity to the Grand Mosque and the diversity of breakfast meals. Its employees are late in responding to any request and are waiting too much until the required service is met, the size of the toilets is very small and the lack of parking spaces is difficult to reach by taxi to close the road traffic and the narrow road that overlooks it. Online reservation methods where I called several times for three days in a row to make sure that my reservation arrived despite my reservation by booking three weeks before the appointment and every call waited for a response after several transfers then the employee answered contacted after half an hour and so on
A shadowy book is one of the books that you read for fun among books you say
good. Convenience services. nothing to mention
I read what was recommended by my girlfriend. I didn’t know that I would live a thousand lives in the hands of Michael Naima. At that time, I was the first of my discoveries of myself. I bounced back, jumped several times, and probably hit my forehead against the wall several times, wondering what it was like.
Wonderful. The service is very excellent. The mattress is inconvenient
Good hotel, suitable for most families. Cleanliness and good handling. The TV channels are incomplete
The location of the hotel and its proximity to services. The hotel is very conservative and suitable for conservative families and the large rooms make you feel comfortable. Excess cold room even if the air conditioner is not working
This is the first time that I have read a literary work in which the title of the novel and its chapters are taken from the verses of the Holy Qur’an, which shows the depth of the writer&#39;s familiarity with and influence of the Book of God, and this too was clearly stated in the strong and beautiful narrative language used in the work. Prison literature, in which Ayman Al-Atoum takes you through the notes of a prisoner who is the author himself to delve into the details of life inside prisons, where its worlds and airspace live in the smallest details to the extent that you feel the darkness of the prison and its smell, and the humiliation and suffering of the prisoner, even if those times are not free from the human soul Like prayer, reading, and accompanying people with bright minds .. I liked that the author did not scratch the aesthetics of employing his quotes from the Holy Qur’an with a bold narration that cursed modesty, but rather he had signals that the reader understood without access to any detail .. The work is beautiful, but I missed the aspect of suspense in it amid the detailed narration .. It remains that I I enjoyed reading the work carefully and definitely I will read other works of the author ... Ayman Al-Atoom .... accept my curves and my respect for your pen.
Dunya Allah is the first anecdotal collection that I read to Naguib Mahfouz. The fear that Mahfouz the Great was in the novel was not great in the short story. But this fear quickly evaporated ... The group is excellent. Every story assures you that its author really deserves Noble. Naguib Mahfouz observes various models that exist on the margins of life. He does not see it with his eyes, but he sees it with his heart.
Rest and enjoy. Everything is beautiful. nothing
He tries to study man .... and he says his famous word :. Man is a miracle of contradictions
good. Close to the Noble Sanctuary and all services available from markets and restaurants. Breakfast was excellent and varied for all tastes.
there is nothing . Frankly everything is completely and on the same site. nothing
My first trip with Dr. Yusef Zidan in a world that everyone avoids talking about. Shows thorny opinions. Using the most powerful weapon, the language weapon in a literary board, is one of the best possible. Hepa shows himself a struggle with himself, his dear, and seducing Octavia. In a human dimension, he shows us how intolerance is always blind, how always and forever there will be a fanatic and there will be a victim. Beautiful Hypatia. Hiba&#39;s father. Many psychological struggles experienced by the hero .. Perhaps one of the best works that I have read. The only one that I accepted from Youssef Zidan. I write Yahiba, because he who writes does not die
more than great . A classy, quiet and respectful hotel .. Clean furniture, beautiful decoration and good services .. Everything I liked frankly .. Especially the scents that are in the corridors, their smell is recommended, I recommend it to families. Only the problem of parking in front of the hotel
I read this book and I am one year old ... I can&#39;t imagine my life if it was like this book passed without what I read or delve into ... it affected me a great degree. May God rest his soul
I never hesitated to purchase the booklet .. The name printed on the cover is a formidable prestige. It obliges me to bow and take a copy without thinking about its content .. Because it is undoubtedly wonderful .. If it happened and I read the content of a book by Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq before buying it, it means that I cannot stand patient to know its content ... a book that can be read with a cup of morning tea or before bed .. It contains interesting clippings that do not need a lot of effort to understand, and no focus power to absorb ... It is a group of thoughts in which there is a great diversity, some of which are cynical and some are gloomy or melancholy, and some are A politician, some of whom are literary and some are emotional .. As the writer said in the introduction that some are very old he wrote in high school and some are very recent Even before issuing the book .. Omtni booklet and very happy it .. because I felt like I was wandering inside his brain and I turn right and left .. read what I printed on the walls, and hinted that his wandering thoughts volatile .. Aamtah. If there had been a sixth star in the evaluation, I would have added it without a doubt.
good. The place is good for the money.
good. . Lack of cooperation and an understanding of the weather, familial temperature, and family&#39;s stay until late five in the evening, which cost them to pay half of the actual rent, knowing that I am a permanent customer and have a membership
Exceptional. Very, very, very clean, and its prime location in Mall of the Emirates. The price is overrated, and the price is supposed to include breakfast. Finally, the internet is limited to a certain capacity
Exceptional. The reception staff is very sophisticated and well treated in general, and in particular the Egyptian, whose name is Mark ..
A group of shocking opinions or ideas that may be closer to reality. For its irony or nihilism, here are some phrases I quote from the book: The mind is the biggest beneficiary of the body defeats. Freedom is the sophistry of the healthy. We embrace ideas because we forget to produce mammals. It is unfortunate that faith should pass on our way to God ... without God everything is not and with God ... nothing is maximum
very good. Place capacity. Lack of interest in luggage
Masterpiece . It is one of the few needs that I read and deserve five stars with its worth, regardless of the grill stuffing in the text. A novel that you read ... in short .. got in its time:
A strange story on us from Dr. Ahmed. But despite the fact that its scenes are almost black in its depiction of the bottom of the slums .. However, maintaining its interconnectedness is excellent. And his portrayal of the writer Hayel and Puzzling at the same time
Excellent. . Parking is not good and not suitable for large cars
very good. Add the room and interrogate the hotel staff. The price of eating and drinking
I recommend it. Suitable for families.
If. One of you asked me .. What are the signs of love and what was his evidence, I would have said without hesitation that proximity. It is likeable to sit in air conditioning on a very hot day and feel like a sensor. Keep warm on a cold day ... I would have said familiarity, raise the cost, and find yourself without the need to lie ... And to raise the embarrassment between you, and you see yourself behaving as you are without trying to be something else to admire it ... and that the relationship is free of cramping, nervousness, stubbornness and pride. Empty, ridiculous jealousy, foolish suspicion, and a desire to dominate, all of these. Things are signs of selfishness and self-love, not signs of love for the other ... and that. Peace, security and reassurance are the psychological state whenever you meet .. and. Does the blame go on for too long and neither of you finds a need to apologize to the other for the mistake? Rather, grace, forgiveness, and good understanding are the norm ... and you will only have a rest in life together. The march together and the struggle of a lifetime together .. That is really love. And that you two keep silent and silence, and that one of you speaks is pleasant to listen ... there is no description of his reputation better than that:
good. During my stay there was a plan to put out the fire was very wonderful. Weak internet in rooms
The hotel is excellent and suitable for family accommodation and is close to everything. The staff is excellent and the hotel location is close to Etihad Metro Station, next to the hotel is all services and Al Ghurair complex, opposite the hotel, on the Al-Raqaa Street. nothing
The seventies of the twentieth century, which was depicted for our generation as the pinnacle of literature, ethics, and patriotism, to appear as it is in Diwan
I wish you had told me more .... that life is behind my window. It never looks like life is here ... cool enough
The secret of Naguib’s greatness is that he is able to understand and analyze the human soul in a way that is the greatest. He strips her of her jewelry to show us the image of the first human being. That image that we do not escape from and covered with masks of life. Poverty is not Satan. Rather, it is the evil self. One of the most difficult things to read at all. God bless all of us
A good choice for the title and the story of our master Youssef is one of the most beautiful stories of the Qur’an, and it was added to the sweetness of Sheikh Ayed Al-Laki’s way of telling the events, as if I could hear his voice while I was reading and turning the pages of the book, but there are some padding of speech and repetition in some places. The book deserves to be read, because indeed in their stories, peace be upon them, that is, a lesson, wisdom and strength for the hearts of the believers, Joseph, the Holy Prophet.
His words fly like a dreamy bird in an absolute space that is not bound by something that draws with his pen a magic of words that distinguishes it as a lighthouse ... it has his own elaborate words that uniquely soften his signature and characterizes its flow in the drawing of words and various other bureaus even though there are some special intakes in the writings of Nizar but it is wonderful words and elaborate composition .. ...
A wonderful reference on Ibn Khaldun and his social theory. Explaining the time and circumstances in which Ibn Khaldun lived ... and his psychological struggle that led him to write his famous introduction. And he was brought up by Arab sociology at his hands ... who unfortunately wanted the fate of not developing it. At the end of the book, Dr. Ali Wardi explains the importance of reviving Ibn Khaldun&#39;s theory to understand and address our Arab reality. quote. The time has come for us to return to the foundation set by Ibn Khaldun for sociology, which we have long cared for, and we remove from it the dust of time and pollinate it with new theories and new social concepts. By this, we may be able to build upon our own meeting that suits the community in which we live
Exceptional. The location is excellent, the breakfast is good, the staff great deal, and the responsiveness and cleanliness.
What robs the soul of its colors? What did the bombing of the invaders hit the body? A wonderful experience for the Palestinian diaspora, depicting the western and nostalgic, and returning to a place that he knows and does not know .. polite humiliation and saying they are displaced .. Nothing feels alienation more than their brother said in their sentence, where is the brother? .. the olive trees, the house of thunder, and the most beautiful of Munif .. We are in a historical and geographical humor as well .. Your wonderful will remain a guide for anyone who wants to see Ramallah and Palestine as a whole, Marid Barghouti
Shawarma restaurant is very delicious
Wonderful but. The cleanliness of the place included the gardens and balconies in each chalet. There are no sessions on the sea preventing barbecues and not notifying me of this during the reservation and even while receiving the key to the chalet
Very good hotel. Location, restaurant and hygiene. Insistence from the receptionist to leave at two in the afternoon despite our request to extend it until three and he is familiar with all hotels
Nice to not bother the rooms up there. The location is beautiful in the city center. Disturbance of the insulators in the room is bad, you hear from your proximity and in the bedroom the inconvenience from above and from the rooms next to you
Very nice. I find no aspect or loophole to criticize. Comprehensive sense of humanity and deep in its concept
A very wonderful novel .. It tells about the tragedy of civilians and what ultimately matters to them .. The best thing about the novel is that since you open the first page you will not be able to close the book until you finish reading the last word on the last page ...
For a little stay. Cleanliness, service and location are good. Unavailability of parking and crowded area
Good for the price. Yeah. Failure to organize and provide parking for the car
You will miss reading this triple, and the characters with it. You can use the entertainment or the movie that you will be working on
Between Sweden and Kuwait, the writer, always decorated, was cut with breathtaking expressions, sweet chants and virgin analogies. The story of a woman who refused to exchange the bosom of the homeland with the chest of a warm man who did not know at any time his weather would change from warm to cold and immobility. The meaning of the Bidun are citizens, but until further notice. Kuwait and what Kuwait realizes this land is creative in rejection. Imam Khomeini requested asylum to her, and she refused to receive him to seek refuge in France, which embraced him and his family, and the comrades of the struggle, to return from it victorious at the head of the Islamic revolution. What glory would Kuwait have had if it embraced that revolutionary, the spirit of Khomeini. Then it is necessary that some idiots come to us that Imam Khomeini is a French workmanship, so they are the Arabs today who only have the wailing and screaming behind the bars of the pulpits. At the end of the knees, we always have a seat
Exceptional. Very nice .. but the internet is very bad only on the web
The most beautiful novel I&#39;ve read in my life. And more novel that affected me
I loved him very much despite the excessive attack on him, but the words are wonderful
Go back to live in it. Comfortable treatment. There is no
Sweet novel, bored. And by groping the reality, we blame his son now for the religious scholars who fall under the ruling of the ruler and the government. It keeps you looking at some religious issues, because I do not pretend the doctrines of religion and some of the issues that he posed:. The Messenger’s marriage to Mrs. Zainab Bint Jahsh, the idea of expiation for the Shiites, Mu&#39;tazilis, the torment of the grave, and Sahih Muslim and Bukhara. Of course, I liked the conclusion of the novel and linked it to a tragic accident. A novel in its entirety is very sweet
good. The proximity to the sanctuary is well equipped. Nobody answered the phone
Although talking about love from a regular view. The coincidence sometimes remains a thousand thousand dates. Although the speech originally reduces the need for all that increased. Although I am stuttering, gossiping, and longevity, what I say is easy. I myself tell you the first time we meet. If the place allowed and not all if authorized. I want to say that I have loved you for a very long time. :. Five stars, of course
Wonderful book, simple, smooth, exhausted me psychologically from the intensity of my interaction with the writer&#39;s suffering
good. Location and cleanliness of rooms. Paying an amount of insurance dirham and recovering at checkout. Checking in and late checkout and internet for a high amount. There are no soles and no bathrobes
Very excellent and close to services. The breakfast is wonderful and excellent, and the reception and everyone treated me warmly, and they have sincere thanks and appreciation.
Entertainment and recreation. Location and recreational places.
The most beautiful area in Copenhagen, Hilaröb The hotel is located in the Hilarup district, the most beautiful streets of Copenhagen, walking minutes to the sea and most of the luxury shops in the same area, with regard to eating reasonable but not good, the rooms are suitable for anyone who cares more about the area of his residence than the services or luxury found in the hotel, and the prices are high compared With the quality of service
A few sheets of a few in their quantity, huge in the meanings of what they contain, a seamless style that flows into the depth of thinking until chills occur in the soul. It won&#39;t take time to read, but it takes time to meditate. When we live only for ourselves, life seems to us to be short and slim, it starts from where we started obeying, and ends with the end of our limited life ... As for when we live for others, that is, when we live for an idea, life appears long and deep, it starts from where humanity began and extends after our separation For the face of this earth. . By experience, I knew that nothing in this life modified that transparent spiritual joy that we find when we can enter solace, contentment, trust, hope, or joy into the souls of others.
The hotel is comfortable and all leisure places are close by. I thank the reception staff, Mahmoud, for his prompt and excellent service. There is no
Good and convenient hotel. Quiet place. There is no bidet in the bathroom
Wonderful stay. Everything was excellent at the hotel. There is no
Yaweel men are of flesh of women
Excellent hotel. Cleanliness, proximity to the campus, and value for money. I had a previous visit to the martyrs&#39; hotel and the level of breakfast was much better than this time .. It needs attention to having cars to connect to the nearest point of the campus, especially as the air temperature was high
very good . Room cleanliness, good internet, location, price, psychological comfort. There is no place for the car, there is no billboard or banner in the name of the hotel
Convenient in terms of cleanliness and price. The hotel is very clean and comfortable, away from the noise of cities. The swimming pool is very close to the rooms
good. . The absence of a private Jacuzzi for men and also a massage
good. Beautiful hotel and more than wonderful and thank the brothers for the reception all. Who did not like the same website. The room was not required, and requests were not provided, but the explanation was given to the hotel management, and my request was accepted with all my efforts and mind. Thank you, city.
Masters .. who are they ?? Inside each of us, one of them exercises mastery over another .. Parents are their children .. The manager is his employees .. Everyone is all .. From my opinion, the heart of the novel lies in that paragraph. The foolish fools .. Kill one of your family with your hand to spoil a hundred of your enemies .. Never let you completely eliminate your privacy. Understand the spark that will always help you to set the fire ... Instill in them your feeling of guilt and rebel against themselves. You don&#39;t have to, how did Professor Hassan Kamal write that genius. Really, I loved this novel by measuring that paragraph on our lives in general. We will really be surprised in a nutshell.
Exceptional. . Breakfast is not varied and not of high standard
good. Competitive price. Bar-tight positions
Excellent. . Delay in delivery of rooms
A wonderful book that shows us how persistence is the basis of successes, and that success is not accompanied by age. Some of the stories are very famous, it would be nice if the writer touched on inspirational people who did not get to know a lot
Awesome. Everything is beautiful. There is no
A beautiful and light book ... and some points were taken to be written down later.
In the well he found a lot of buried treasures, they threw it there and said that some car fell over him, and they did not know that the prophecy was the first to be thrown in the dungeon, impoverishing those who thought that death or deep absence would lead to the owner of the dungeon, he never knew in their mind that the absolute spaces start from narrow burrows ..There life is made, and its components are rearranged..There the man spells the letters of his birth again ... The novel is a personal experience of the writer, as he was arrested after one of his poems was given in a ceremony .. His time in prison was between my years as a political detainee .. The novel is a new high language, again poetic. A very deep experience for him, as depicted by his new birth from inside the prison .. A journey from the Intelligence Prison to the Juwaida Prison and then Swaqa .. A journey inside the human psyche with all its contradictions .. A journey with the prisoners with different orientations, ideas and nature .. The beginning of a new life from within the prison.
In short, I mean, in Arabic, fried Kentucky chicken .. A chain of international and famous restaurants in more than one country around the world .. Personally, I prefer a zinger supreme .. What I notice is a lot of demand for firefighters and a zinger twister. Does not include the western region: //. . /. =
How can a young child in the twelfth century speak like this? . From what I liked about it ... I challenge you to sin and challenge me with love and silence because we are love and I am not sin. The evening talks were going on. So I said:. Tell us about death. They said: We talk about war. I said: Other than war. They said: We tell about the tears of the displaced. I said: without tears. They said: On the lookout. I said: not waiting. They said: We only know this, so we are telling? I said: Watch as the walls watch. Do not talk about anything. And look at each other. May your faces unite
Exceptional. Site and staff summit tastes. there is nothing
The house is between magnificence reception and poor furniture. A very sophisticated deal from the workers, starting with the parking staff, through the reception and the restaurant, and ending with the management. Needs a complete change of the furniture, worse by the rooms or the lobby. Repainting the rooms is absolutely necessary
An excellent book. Written by Dr., may God have mercy on him, before the collapse of the Soviet Union And it really happened. Twenty years after the collapse of that bloc, I am surprised at the calls to restore communism
The luxury of residence. I liked the hotel staff as well as the hotel&#39;s luxury and cleanliness.
Very cool . And important ... one must read it more than once. And write down important practical ideas from him .... God have mercy on Dr. Ibrahim
Wonderful. . The lack of a salon or spa department for women
An excellent and comfortable hotel I would recommend for families. Everything in the hotel is very beautiful. I took a one-bedroom apartment, which was spacious and had everything you need in it. Two courses of water are very clean. Excellent staff. You get annoyed by the reception regarding the exit after an hour. Its location is very bad. The road to the hotel is the worst. It is wrong with all the roads around it. Maintenance and new roads are under construction. There are no bathroom slippers.
The most amazing thing. Of the most magnificent hotels to live, the tongue is unable to describe in all respects.
Wonderful. Great price for housing ...
Very cool, I enjoyed reading it so much
Great hotel and recommend it. Quiet hotel with all services available. The entrance to the parking is closed by cars
The novel describes the economic and social situation in the period of the monarchy of Russia and the class differences between landlords, feudal lords, and the common people, including workers and peasants .. Work addresses the mind and emotion together. Perhaps the most distinguishing feature of assigning the role of heroism to the mother, but what defects him in return is intense and direct indoctrination of the socialist idea, so it is not It leaves the reader with the opportunity to judge and evaluate it as if it was an educational book in the form of a story.
The price is very favorable. Reception is very good, there are free parking, suitable room, excellent price, very close to Al-Manar Mall. Restaurants are very close. Recommend to families. Bath towels are insufficient and outdated
The book that pushed me into the world of writing. I was hoping to know Hadeel before God passed away so that I could express to her how much I like her letter ... It was and still is for me the best person to acquire beautiful words and sincerely express what he has in mind ... In short ... a very beautiful book that greatly affected me
Among the best books for me, he answered several questions that were going on in my mind and I was afraid that someone would ask them. The book forced me to keep following the writer permanently.
Hotel smiles at you. Comforts . Reassuring. the smile.
Beautiful hotel. For the second time, I live in this hotel, as before, it is a beautiful, wonderful, well organized hotel, and the price is very suitable. nothing
Excellent. Everything in these apartments is excellent in terms of location, services, ethics of employees and not to disturb. They are family apartments in the first place as there is nothing in it like other things such as discos, drinks, etc. Also, Wi-Fi is available in all rooms for free without fees. The price is too high, the furniture is old and needs to be changed
A good experience I didn&#39;t need to change the hotel as usual. The location is excellent on the lake, the breadth of the front apartments, the beds comfortable and the dinner food delicious. Unlike many apartments, they do not wash dishes in the room cleaning
The finest in ethics
Some books do not know how to write about them, just I have a feeling that I lost a loved one as I finished it: ... and that if I wrote about it I have never fulfilled her right .... This is the work of the epic of the idea, the epic of the narration, the epic of the treatment ... it must have an epic review She passed away her right, like reviewing my friend Hossam, whom I thank very much for his wonderful review, which encouraged me to start reading the work immediately and moment. : //. . / / ..... First of all ... I admit that the treatment surprised me, as it differed completely from the traditional atmosphere of the biographies that narrate a personal life from cradle to grave. He chose in a lot to narrate Omar&#39;s biography through his attitudes and its direct and indirect impact, so that the reader can see complete chapters of the play without appearing Omar in person, but with a strong and distinguished presence of his idea, policy and influence, which added to the work pleasure on pleasure by highlighting the general framework of the character of the hero without unfairness of the rest of the characters of the play .. As for excellence in the dramatic narration happened and embarrassed ... he has excelled in the narration on The characters of the play ... As if I see Yarmouk and Qadisiyah saw the eye and As if I were standing with the Muslims on the walls of Alexandria and on the gates of Nahawand .. I was very keen on the dramatic escalation of events, which almost reached its climax in the twelfth chapter with the confrontation between Omar bin Al-Khattab and Khalid bin Al-Walid, may God be pleased with them, following the isolation of Omar to Khaled, so that the events would be guided a little in several chapters and then We return to a new peak with the Persians&#39; conspiracy against Omar bin Al-Khattab and the intertwining threads of events leading to the crime. To God be aware, Bakther, the pioneer of Arab theatrical creativity ... In the end, despite the magnificence of the work, I believe that the biography of Omar bin Al-Khattab, may God be pleased with him, still contains many and many things to present to the Arab reader as an inspiration for peoples, a source of prestige and an ideal for rulers. : //. . / / ...
Stories from life from the books of the literary scholar Ali Tantawi, which you cannot miss. And the beauty and splendor of the stories; However, the last two of my home is your home, the sheikh of Huta has creative, creative aspects ... and the latest stories on two snow snows are the longest, the employment and retelling of the novel: Wuthering Heights.
The Granada Trilogy is more than just a novel. It is a true journey through time and space, a new, deemed memory, and more than a century added to your age .... The writer succeeded in building an integrated Andalusian epic spanning time, with glowing language and a very deep professional style, elaborate dialogues and selected words. Very carefully .. the writer’s style in describing and dialogue makes you feel the depths of the feelings, thoughts, and motives in the souls of the characters, and only a professional writer who is able to lead the pen can succeed in this .. After the fall, I do not doubt for a moment that this novel If the events are fictional, they deserve to rise to be a historical document of that forgotten time period .. I was amazed by the time of events in the novel to cover about a hundred and fifty years, which brings the reader to a high hill from which he oversees many lives and many ages with its details .. then that child who started In it the novel will grow old and grow old, reach eighty and die, then you will read the life story of the entire children and the grandchildren, and even the children of the grandchildren until they approach the sixty. The Granada trilogy is a historical, literary and aesthetic gain for everyone who loves to read, and it is a valuable addition to Arabic literature that deserves respect and praise .... I recommend it ...
Pre-review. After finishing reading intellectual and serious books, I find myself in dire need to break the deadlock and usually resort to the books of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq Ahmed God for his presence in our lives or what falls under the name of horror books, which I have not yet found what really terrifies, unfortunately, my attention was written by Hassan Al Jundi books since A while I did not start reading any of them in the hope of obtaining a paper copy of it in the book fair, but my urgent need to read something was urgent and I fell into a comic horror book. . The valley Farghali Almstkawi is very mean, means from the first story to the last story and the jinx is chasing it, and it is not enough that it is a fearful valley that means selling on an unaware that can make it collapse and faint. The style is smooth and easily flowing from one story to another, except that the arrangement of stories was not very successful, as the chronology of events was not taken into consideration. There are some wonderful stories that deserved the full mark, such as the story of Moselhi and what I know from Moselhi and your loved one and Kafr El Sahlawi and his story with the Imam of the mosque. The topics ranged from jinn to goblins who wore people, ghosts and people with goofy legs, all with a sarcastic and very funny template that I laughed loudly with myself after midnight. If you are looking for an idea or to come out of the book with something new or a beautiful literary style, then I apologize because you will not find it here, but if you search for a beautiful, smooth and satirical vernacular method that will draw a smile on your face, I recommend it and read at night and to be near you teddy bear this will raise the level of excitement And the name Moslehi will stay in your mind for a while:. It is a great deal with their legs .. We will depart from them..Our work for which we have salvation..and the rest is left for them.
Wonderful ... and enough
It was a great mix. Between marigold and marble ... Violet was between her eyes. He sleeps and does not sleep ... Belqis ... O perfume in my memory ... O grave traveling in the clouds.
May God have mercy on him Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud went out of the ordinary from intellectual inactivity to openness. And understanding. I predicted, so it happened
Away from the topic that the novel was real, not not ... but the novel took me to the depths of thought from contradiction, skepticism, events, questions, question marks, and the way of writing itself. .
Exceptional. Services for the price and the smile of the staff .. The internet is weak.
The reading of the novel concluded with a thousand feelings inside me ... On the authority of Mo, she did not know what to say, but she was very beautiful, very well .. I felt every letter I wrote .. I felt Kadish Hattan love for nostalgia and at the same time she felt her poor torment .. Shu her fault is this bastard despicable what did not try With his mother more than once, why don&#39;t I tell Lesto, he tried to forget her with treachery, and in the end, he made it for her .. A wonderful book, and I tell the story of many lovers .. I wish it had been the longest and I would have been in a second part. My greetings.
more than great . excellent. There is no
Comfortable hotel. The hotel is very good and buses are plentiful and have good times.
Great value for money in Dahab, Club is one of the best midlife options in Dahab. It is not a resort and not a small hotel for youth or camp. My room was great and although it was a bit worn out it was spacious and comfortable. The private balcony was a great addition and it was nice to sit in to relax. The staff was friendly and helpful, the beds were comfortable and free coffee and tea were provided. The location is also great, as it is minutes walk from the beach to the bar / shopping center. I did not rate it perfectly because the rooms on the beach side needed some refurbishment. But for the cost, this is a great place to stay. Despite that, I have a complaint, which is that everyone in Dahab refuses to give you soap and shampoo, and I do not know why. This can be imagined in cheap and dirty hotels and camps, but it seems that you are paying for it in a very cheap hotel, where you might expect a small soap and the like. It is disturbing that you have to buy soap and shampoo for some days.
Fear stops us from dying, but it stops us from life. The content of the novel is summarized around this sentence, as the novel presented us with a struggle of good and eternal evil, whereby when good triumphs, evil returns again because of the fear that possesses us and prevents us from completing what the good guys started in the neighborhood, because the scourge of our neighborhood is forgetting .. I see that the coding in The novel is the reason for the disappearance of many around it. An aspect of creativity in it, while preserving the personality of Jebei, which appeared as if God was through his expulsion to teach the purpose of the devil, and his choice of Adham to manage the endowment and what Adam wanted, then expelled him from the house when his wife seduced him to see The book, which is similar to the story of the apple that caused the expulsion of Adam from heaven, has n J Mahfouz is that the personality of the Jabbi is God and he said that it symbolizes religion and I find that what supports his saying is the death of Jabbi and me at the hands of Arafa, where the last chapter of the novel is the most creative and simulation of our current life where Arafat symbolizes his magic for the science that he tried from his Kh To fix the state of the lane, but knowledge alone is sufficient, as the condition of the neighborhood deteriorates with the death of the Jablawi and the occurrence of magic in the wrong hands. My destiny and obedience was known to him, where he forgot his goal for which he wanted to harness the magic. Satisfied with his custom, he confirms that what he would do with magic is knowledge in which it is good for people, and here he woke up he knew him from his coma and decided to escape B to complete what he wanted in the first place and if he knew that his fate was a god like .. I see that the aim of the novel is clear and that is what made it win the Nobel Prize where we should leave fear and possess us and allow material life to overcome religion and to harness what we have of Know what our religion has commanded, which is good and benefit people.
Minutes you buy a heart that flies you in the cries of solemnity in this world and the gardens of eternity in the Hereafter.
This book is an exceptional book, whose main splendor is that it speaks about the general reality of the tormented people on earth. He writes it to the bearers of Change, Independence and Achievement Brigade for their country and nation. In it he talks about old colonialism and how he delivers the helm and leaves for new colonialism. He talks about how the comrades of yesterday betrayed the revolution and analyzes that this was a natural situation, because the revolution was not in their awareness or in their interests except for them to obtain the authority and privileges of colonialism, and that colonial authority would grant them that power to become its loyal followers .. The book is directed to all militants whether this militant is political or An intellectual or a writer, to the activists of the peasants, workers, translators, doctors and others .. A book that must be read and recognized by his analytical say, which provides a model of how the struggle against colonialism can succeed and how it can transform into a new kind of colonialism .. a great beginning for a new year with reading
We have nothing left but bad words
Can we double the number of likes? I think I can put the five in front of you and the other five in my mind, who is content with the book and has the right to please it. Its positives make you needless to mention its negatives. It is not even mentioned. In the middle of my reading, there was a question in my mind: Why is he not taking an academic curriculum? It deserves to be an academic curriculum that did not contain it of interest and societal value. Most of the fallacies he mentioned are practiced extensively in our various relationships, whether social or professional. Rather, it is practiced in dialogue programs. In other words, you can read this book and then go to evaluate your understanding of it through the opposite direction program, for example .. You cannot get acquainted with what it contains from the first reading, it is not normal to this degree, but it is a scientific book supported with theories, examples and rules, you see it in reality. The most beautiful books are what connects you with your reality, what makes you think about analyzing, evaluating and implementing, that it is doing you in a way that makes you your being and your huge mind that should not be followed only as much as he knows why he follows this? It awakens your head cells, extending your awareness. You will find everything in this book realistic in the media, and in all the dialogues and discussions that are taking place everywhere. After reading it, you choose for yourself to be the audience and rule for everything that happens around you rather than share them, because you have deeply realized the truth of these fallacies and hate after realizing that they fall into them, you will look really foolish. What I liked most about the Brookstreet bed fallacy. You will not understand it until you read it to believe that we are in fact doing it a lot .. The fallacy: The appearance is above the essence and also the fallacy of the gambler tells you with one voice: Please do not be so stupid.
Its proximity to the sanctuary. Overlooking the Noble Sanctuary. nothing
What distinguishes your novel is the wonderful style and elegant words it contains. But what really provoked me was the surrender of the hero and his weakness, as for those who do not deserve love ... I was wonderful
It still scares me, like the first time I read it
A beautiful recreation trip. A wonderful and beautiful hotel that complements your enjoyment of your trip
What distinguishes this narration is that it is really one of the narratives that when you read it, you don&#39;t know what to stop .. as if there is a strange magic that attracts you, lets you complete it and says a little violin, and how much the page has violated and rose up to some extent to get rid of it .. I read half of it for two days and I said the other half the same thing for two days ... I read the second half of it and I could not stop, except when I concluded it. The novel has great fun and suspense .. It contains information that added me some new information to what I used to know .. I mean, an interesting and useful narration as well. The negatives can be that the novel was divided into sections .. The curse of the Pharaohs, which I would have preferred to continue with the novel until the curse is finished and the protagonist finishes it .. And the second section related to goats to the hero is what he was able to .. The third section to Vue is a part about a foreign personality I did not like this part Too much and his sensibility is an outsider, the novel would have been better if the writer returned to the first section and the hero overcame the curse .. But Professor Muhammad had a reason in that, we discovered it in the end, and we added new strange information, really
The best of those who spoke about Khalid bin Al-Walid ... and the best of his personality analysis and out of specialization. That is, he analyzed the origins and their impact on the character of the hero. .. the sword of God in the times of desertion .. and disavowed Khaled&#39;s justice ... who said like him, the crying cries .. ...
Nice . The hotel is clean and the bed was a bit small but comfortable close to the door to peace.
It is the taste of bitterness of the kind that melts slowly and does not leave the memory of your memory:
Not the best hotel. The hotel in general is excellent, its location is great, and it is close to shopping places. The reception staff are highly distinguished, cooperative, and well-received, especially mentioning Mr. Abdul Rahman Summit in morals, and distinguished in receiving guests and doing everything in his power for the convenience of the customer. May God grant them all. Breakfast is varied and delicious. nothing
Darkening the future ....
A very valuable book that everybody should read with the slogans and walking behind the beat and salvation .. I need more than one
good. . Room service was late as I requested a duvet cover and my order was only met after several calls
Wonderful. . No free Wi-Fi
very good. The hotel is beautiful, the room has a kitchenette, no inconvenience between the rooms, and free parking. Zero tolerance of sitting in extra time in the room after noon on the day of going out.
Whenever you suspect or beset you, you despair as you march towards your right, read my law .. to be careful
Very beautiful words contain hidden stories, they cried me creative and never regretted reading it
Excellent. On the marina, its proximity to the Marina Mall, all services, and its proximity to GPR.
Her hand. Her rough hand. Which I can count the times. That I saw without it. She was taking advantage. And spend full day. Embossed by roses. Ali cakes feast. And as true artists do. Stand before us with great dismay. Lest we eat her paintings
Exceptional. Everything is clean and excellent. The Roman service dealt with Allelchoy himself
Delicious pies, I would recommend the chicken or meat kebab, its awesome but just slow
Distinguished crew. The shower location is not suitable. There is no
The first time I read my novels since I was eleven years old, I was groping the first ways to discover that strange world called love, so that all my childish images represented by the white knight and legends ended, so I set them aside to return to them after years and read them again, so my heart beats for every phrase written by that romantic knight, despite my full knowledge Between them, I dreamed of dreams of eternal encounter with them, rejecting the end of those feelings that emanated from their hearts, and they became a trumpet of smoke that fights the void to stay for a longer time. I am departing, I do not describe it as a beautiful novel, but it is the highest meaning of the love embodied in the mortal life, and until now I have not had a reader that affects me with all that beautiful effect that this novel hit me
Exceptional. Luxury as well as location.
Can the history of Palestine and the suffering of its people be summed up in a novel? It seems that Radwa largely missed this. Wonderful she is satisfied with her words, description, and his transfer between events smoothly ... a lot of killing, homelessness, torture, nostalgia and loss, and a little joy is written in fresh language ... on the tongue of a woman who suffered what all her people suffered .. Their homeland someday .. Is there a way back? ... protracted, my mom is protracted. This phrase reminds me a lot of our situation in Syria .... .... wonderful, it is Radwa ... even more than wonderful. The description fails to fulfill this narration of its rights with all that it contains:. Very recommended .. very ..
Beautifully. Its strangeness and suspense are more beautiful. The ideas in which I stood more than once. And I thought of this thing as real and not meaningful. The first time I read this author Ahmed Murad. I expect he will read it again
Magnificence and exoticism, when embodied in a novel with strange details mixed with all scents in each line spread here and there ... In short, it is a novel that is not only read, but is inhaled. It takes you to another world. The world of the eighteenth century in the capital of France, Paris there, where the killer who smells for him was born in a world filled with odors. The end was brilliant. I don’t know how a writer can comprehend all of this disgusting, outrageous, beautiful, human and animal smell. Then he catches it and writes it with all this precision.
I read this book two years ago, it is a collection of articles that he published previously, the end really shocked me, the novel cannot be written, it self-organizes itself, the novel lives and does not write
Oh God ... from which country do the angels live? It is a slow-moving narration as if you are climbing a hard mountain. It is a novel with a historical content with an emotional template that invades your mind and heart.
It was a good trip with Emirates Airlines to go and return from the first thing that we got out of Dammam airport until we arrived at Dubai airport, where we went to change the flight to Kuala Lumpur and there were facilities until we got to Kuala Lumpur plane, it was that we had a child with special needs. The facilities were excellent. Honestly thank the Emirates Airlines for this work
The disease is present, but the drug is not available. Belonging to the revolution is a common argument between its enemies. Turn away from your imagination the events of the movie and the picture of Faraj. She shook her? Enjoy the best of Mahfouz books. . Small novel by size; large thought. One of Mahfouz&#39;s favorite novels
The book places the reader in the face of the most powerful force in the world, that is, they are Rothschilds. The book, although there is some exaggeration, but it is full of facts confirmed by contemporary reality, today we find that the richest people in the world are mostly Jews, and almost all the products that people consume are poured into the pockets of Jews. He who rules, the actual rulers of the people are the capitalists, not the politicians. The author’s opinion also proves the countries ’dealings with the establishment of what is known as the state of Israel, and you find that Bolshevik Russia is the second country to recognize Israel after America, despite the fact that Marxism-Leninism strongly criticizes the phenomenon of the Jews and does not recognize the nationality of the Jews. The bottom line is that the book is good, but I would recommend it to anyone who reads it to be familiar with modern European history
Dubai is beautiful and wonderful. The organization of the wings is good. The location of the pool is below and is open to all
good . Nice.
Is my blood your blood because the blood is red? How can my soreness resemble your soreness, because we say: Oh if our fingers complain of a needle? How can my heart seek refuge in Allah, your heart, just because they resemble a fist?
Accommodation is acceptable, but the money paid does not equal the stay. . There is no free Wi-Fi and no breakfast with accommodation
I recommend staying there and staying strong. The breakfast is delicious, varied and healthy, and the service is wonderful. My relatives advised him to visit him and my relatives asked me after he posted photos of the hotel. Alerting the inmates as desired, the time for the bus to come and go to and from the campus and for breakfast
Excellent. The value of the room in the last ten days of Ramadan is riyals for the day, the elevators and the speed of leaving the hotel. The location of the hotel is close to Al Azizia Street. Porcelain floor room and cleaning crew need more training
Excellent. The presence of transfers and the difficulty of reaching the hotel.
very comfortable . Ease of entry and exit, cleanliness and calmness, good handling of all employees, buses and speedy access to campus. The bus stops at the end of the endeavor, so to reach the prayer halls, you must pass from the outside square and then enter the endeavor until you reach it. This is difficult because of the crowding near the time of prayer, which forces you to pray in the outside square or in the endeavor. The lack of wireless internet in the rooms, although I do not need it, because I have an open package and the internet is running throughout the day..but it matters the majority, so it should be noted. This is just and the rest is great.
Good and needs to be further developed. Quiet and comfortable bed. The internet is very weak, I asked that the room be non-smoking, but once you go out in the lobby to the same role you find the smell of cigarettes abound everywhere
Luxurious hotel, location and everything. A comfortable hotel by any standard, close to everything. Nothing but a shattaf for the bathroom
Why Ayman Al-Atoom, this sadness? Why this grief and these tears? The novel broke my heart and broke my hope for life .... human beings are abhorrent ... every human being believes that only he has the right to life and others have the right to death only ... On the other bank is calling me. Actually bigotry has no religion. I delivered to your right, my honorable professor Ayman Al-Atoom
good . Cleanliness, rooms are spacious and beds are comfortable. Wi-Fi is weak
It is a great way to write it and connect the events to each other, it gives you a little information and leaves you thinking about what will happen and leaves you looking forward, then gives you the complete information and also the end is beautiful other than any end in a horror movie
I was sitting myself reading a message for a dream today, and someday reality until the end of the last page in the book, frankly, wonderfully hard. It is Fayek Farghaly, this is a personality that was present ... Sheikh Fadel ...
Excellent hotel and I recommend staying there. Expand the rooms. There is no
Among the most beautiful episodes of horror that I have read .. Most of the stories that are sweet there are no words on it ..:
Exceptional. The hotel is very nice and welcoming, and a good and excellent staff understands Sister Hanan in a very polite and helps the guests a lot. As for the smile of the worker of the rooms and the distinguished services I do not know, but Filipino nationality is very long.
I do not give five stars except for books that torment me, this book, although its beginning does not do much justice to it, but it is fraught with philosophical questions, the writer enters us in a young Afghan scholar who studied in the Soviet Union and returned during the Islamists ’control, despite his father&#39;s affiliation with the Communist ideology, the hero was without affiliations But he lives under the weight of an Islamic extremist society that is underdeveloped, commits the murder and tries to its philosophy affected by the crime and punishment of Dostovsky, to be surprised that society does not attach importance to the crime itself but rather depends on its condemnation or justification on the person of the victim sometimes and against the background of the communist killer at other times. Between all this and that, there are many questions about the existence of God, about crime and punishment, who deserves death and who has the power to rule over who deserves death and who does not deserve it? All this intellectual turmoil takes place on the scene of the land of Afghanistan, where death is more common than life.
Wonderful. Mostly sweet. Lack of toiletries and lack of tea service in the room
A beautiful short story in its content, stubborn in its style, wonderful in its characters, and you will learn with it how to jump over the useless lines, a very personal opinion
Very cool . Convenience, hygiene and proximity to the Sacred Mosque and the market. no thing
good. The location, price and breakfast are varied, staff are good and booking via cheaper is cheaper. The furniture is very old ten years ago and the TV has not changed as a very old device and the pool is for weeks and it is undergoing maintenance
God’s making is completely clear and realistic. He tells his stories with utmost simplicity and neutrality. He does not like any of his personalities. The personalities, circumstances, and events that are told about it .. The distinction made by God Abraham is apparent in the mixing of real events with fictional events that he invented .. In the same chapter he was talking about a particular need; A chapter in which he spoke about a group of random news in a specific period of time, in order to bring the history of many people, is a document that is documented All this in his book. Very simple ... a story that you enjoy and benefit from:. Evaluation. /
Simple and beautiful novel despite the few people in it. The upscale version of the novel contains a lot of judgment and texts I cried from the page sincere to express her community. Waiting for another novel, Fatima. Thanks for writing beautiful!
Here everything from vein to vein. What follows you, Ghassan Kanafani. :
good. All the hotel workers.
Wonderful, as usual, Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, confirms that he is able to medicine as well as literature. I highly recommend reading it
It is an ancient manuscript written by a prisoner during the war between Iraq and Baghdad, depicting the tragic situation of the details of life in that era with some irony.
A wonderful novel that describes the state of life transforming into roles and duties without deep renewed feelings
Although the topic is just a tourist trip for a few days, Ghazi was delighted with the narration, its moves, its projections, and its useful analyzes ... which give value to the most insignificant topics.
so beautiful . Speed of service. The high price of the night, the calculation of taxes and the weak internet
Spencer Johnson: The Gift, Electronic, First Edition, Self-Development, page. This small and large-sized book tells a wonderful and short story with four main dimensions that summarize the meaning of success in life and reaching goals: focus on the present, learning from the past, planning for the future and knowing what you really want to accomplish, i.e. picking clear goals. The storytelling style was fun and engaging as he knew about Spencer Johnson in the rest of his books, light and fun, which enables you to easily understand the meaning and lesson of the chapters of his short meaningful story. There is no need if you write a summary of a book consisting of a page of small pieces that can be read in an hour or less .. It is simple, light, practical, and worth reading. A wonderful experience that will add to your knowledge of continuous growth and success, a realistic experience, convincing and not overly perfect.
very good. The hotel overall is excellent. I booked a suite overlooking the campus completely and it was replaced by a suite that partially or partly overlooking and it was not my reservation with a difference between the two wings in the price.
good. . Hygiene delay requests
Exceptional. Close to the campus, the cleanliness of the furniture, the bathroom is spacious and quiet. The absence of free parking gathering workers in front of the entrance to the tower
The lover .. The plum of Nissan .. The blind and the deaf ... Three incomplete narrations of Ghassan Kanafani ... See why he did not put the end? Perhaps because their meaning is complete. The beginning was the lover..You can also call him the prisoner..or Abdul Karim..or Qasim ... And as Ghassan said in that novel, sometimes one thinks that a story has ended, so it starts with it. The lover&#39;s life was endless stories ... his life was a punishment in a special way ... When one believes that he was a fugitive from punishment he discovers that he was punished in a special way ... No one knows where the lover will end .. But all I know is that he bid farewell to everyone from They included Zeina as a way of saying goodbye to the Persians, and like meeting him at first glance. ..... The April plum .. The characters of that novel had a different impact on my mind .. Although I had never heard the voice of my father Al-Qasim before, he clearly rang in my ears when he said to the officer: What can blossom mean, oh my lord other than friendliness? And I felt the warmth of the messages between him and Ziyad ..:. ...... The blind and the atrash..that was the one who loved them the most ... The deafness tastes the abandoned well..and blindness has the voice of wailing..and silence is the voice of waiting ... and when someone gets blind or deaf He does not lose one of his senses, she is with him in another way ... A blind man can see facts that we do not see .. It is not the sighted who possessed the sight ... And a blind man can discover the misery of a grave of a guardian, while everyone sees one of the miracles ... A blind man can see Abdel-Aty just a fruit .. just a mushroom .. While everyone sees him he has endowed a woman with childbearing after many years of infertility .. While she is Her husband had just betrayed:. Only the blind and the deaf have known the truth ... ..... In the end, I want to say that Ghassan was always distinguished in his letters ... he always carried a pen different from everyone ..
Very cool, seeing death from another angle is a new and exciting experience.
Excellent family. Everything. nothing
Exceptional. Clean and comfortable place to stick cars. An inappropriate termination of residency time must be at 2:00 pm, not
Goods I recommend, God willing, excellent Zassli
very good. Cleanliness and luxury of the hotel. Wi-Fi is not free in the rooms
The best hotel in Riyadh. The best hotel I have ever lived in. The amount is relatively expensive, but worthy
Painful .. very.
I expected it to be more beautiful than this, but I was shocked by it .. A sweet story of Hanna is painful, the latest of which is happy, its end. Not the perfect novel, but a powerful novel, fun, humane and useful. I can’t understand poker standards in choosing novels, but cream means
Jaaamdeh and her idea is not new, never bored while reading
High school subject one story. Wonderful, but still, in my opinion, it was not a successful test by the Ministry for students to study in first grade high school
Excellent. . Bag delivery was delayed by more than an hour while entering the hotel
The author excelled in your love of events ... and she succeeded greatly in transporting the reader to the highest levels of spirituality through the sun and his words that target hearts. .. .. I was personally deeply affected by the sun, and I felt his insights through the pages of the book as if they were directed to me with every sentence he was saying .. I don’t know why I felt so sad for his death, even though I am not a Roman.
One of the first to read the novel, the novel is hard to read, talks briefly about the philosophy of life and death in a new and fun way, an unexpected end as usual, and you will not burn it to people so that you can read it, well done
Super cool hotel. The location is excellent. Housekeeping services
Create a novel as it should be. I benefited, I just did not enjoy ... I mean, I expected that it was about a certain type of clerics who were seen on TV, terrifying people in the truth. The events of the novel revolve around a second path, meaning one of the needs that I have loved is the extent to which the security men control any need in the country from Including religion .. opinions on the persecution of Christians in the country .. the use of youth. I sympathized with Mawlana though. If it is not possible to consider it possible, it represents the cleric and Muslim preacher other than within the scope of the knowledge he has .. It was possible in some of the events that have no sense of realism or benefit that happens in the life of Hatem El-Shennawy. Surprise item was awesome
good. Location and large apartment. There is no
A masterpiece so hard, God willing, you have a beautiful hard way. A more than wonderful novel, hard enough, because you had made me lose hope and nothing, that is, for a reel or for the future, very beautiful, light, and not complicated. I also did not read the best part I was reading. I am pleased with the last scene, and I read it.
Smooth and quiet accommodation, worth a try. The reception staff are nice and friendly especially Robinson and Ashraf.
Comfortable and convenient. Close location to external services. Small single bed
It is not correct to write a comment on Mahmoud Darwish&#39;s poetry. Just mention some of it here. The impossible. I die longing. I die in burning. And by hanging I will die. And slaughtered I die. But I do not say. Our love passed away. Our love never dies. Rita and Venice. Between Rita and my eyes ... a gun. And who knows Rita, bend down. He prays. For a god in honey eyes. I remember Rita. Just as a bird reminds of its worthyness. Ah ... Rita. While a million birds and a photo. And many appointments. She was shot ... by a gun. A soldier dreaming about white lilies. He did not philosophize his dream did not understand things. Except as it feels .. sniffs it. Understood he told me that home. To have my mom&#39;s coffee. To be back in the evening. I asked him: You love her. He answered: My love is a short walk. Or a wine glass ... or an adventure
The splendor of the desert. The site is easy to reach, as well as the resort has a beautiful calmness that helps to relax and the garden is very wonderful .. I hope there is a shadow in the pool with a pool for children better than the one currently present.
A wonderful and useful book that creates within you a feeling of strength and greatness and helps you to use the powers of your subconscious mind in a way that benefits you and makes your life happier, joy and luxury. :
Wonderful. Very comfortable hotel and very respectable handling staff.
A wonderful book ... illuminates a unique intellectual aspect .. Speaks in a wonderful Missiriya language, a march for the mind in which to dictate the idea .. deals with the problem in all respects..but it took a very long in the Zionist approach .. contented in other aspects with slight touches in the heart of the subject without being absorbed or lost For those anxious on the non-Zionist side of the book .. the topic is very great .. but the Messiari stipulated on the Zionist side very, very .. but that does not detract from the right of the book anything .. maybe the Messiir wanted to leave your mind a space in the aspects that interest you .. and to use data Book to reach results not imposed on you. The book is very cool; thank you, Shadi Abdulaziz
A feeding list that includes a variety of croissants with different fillings, which are scarce in drinks, as it is limited to two types of juice. Hygiene and service is very good, suitable for breakfast or snacks.
Upscale and quiet hotel..all staff are friendly. Luxurious and elegant hotel. They did not add .. the two-night points for my Platinum membership on the pretext that I booked through the buking site..and I had to book through his hotel discovery site and advise me that there are cheaper rates than the buking site.
Exceptional. Distinguished service from the staff ... especially brother Mohamed, the receptionist ...
Site marked. The location of the hotel. nothing
Beautiful and on Khalid Lake and a beautiful location. Very beautiful and all services are good. nothing
And the Prophet, O Winter. And the life of your children. Cold, dill and fog. No bash, when you come. Come and answer me. Depression . . This book is easy to refrain from ..
Excellent . Cleanliness, calmness, excellent service, kindness of employees, especially Brother Abdo, in addition to the availability of parking under the hotel, proximity to services and the city center for business.
The novel of Marsa Fatima, by the creator Haji Jaber. The homeland is a white lie .. it is promoted by some without a sense of guilt, and is picked up by others without a sense of deception. It is the novel of love and love, it is the story of the homeland and suffering, and it is a story of the suffering of the recruits and refugees fleeing from the homeland to an unknown hell .. The story begins with the displacement of the protagonist from his village to Asmara and his attempt to adapt to it and know him peacefully the love of his life and his disappearance and his quest to find it By joining the conscription in Sawa and its suffering and torment he and the other recruits in the camp and then the story of his escape and his attempt to enter Sudan in a story that embodies the suffering of the Eritreans in the asylum and what they suffer from the torture by the people of the Shift who smuggle people in exchange for large amounts of money and Sometimes it may even lead to selling fugitive members so that he can He meets these funds and escapes himself from one hell to another in the refugee camp, and here he meets a prince and mother of Awab, and then returns to the starting point in Asmara, Fatima marina, on a circular trip to find that Salma was in his wake and searches for him. In describing the details, places, feelings, feelings, and suffering that make you feel like you are part of the novel .. All the characters of the novel, beginning with the hero, his beloved Salma, his friend Gabriel, Mazen, a Canadian, Emir, and Um Awab, all these characters have an active role in the novel and some of them It could be a novel in its entirety if the writer, such as Shekhaya Amir and Um Awab, wanted each of them to embody suffering and s Puss in a special and different style
O boy, you revolt against an oppressor to come in more unjust than him, do not bet on the powers only, but choose the just who is betting on us who are weak. . One of the most beautiful and influential phrases of the novel
The stay is great and thank you for your interest. . The lack of cleanliness of the balcony, table and chairs. Please pay attention to the balcony. Thank you.
The sweetest novel by Ahmad Murad:
A reference in programming and self development
A different book. Book feels not read
How is the taste of life without a person clinging to and defending his rights with both hands, and even extracting it with force from the hand of his oppressor and usurper. How is the taste of life without a goal, cause, or message? A person lives for her, works to achieve it, and devotes his time and effort to it. This question has always been present in my mind in the recent period, and how much I have always persuaded myself and emphasized the validity of this idea so that I do not have any doubt about the importance of what we do to extract our stolen rights .. I am delighted by your great impact on the verses of the Holy Qur’an and using them in their places very appropriate to the context .. Magic It is your style, sir. This is the third book for you that I read with passion, pleasure, and even find me not leave the book unless I have finished reading it. Always waiting for your new
Abu Hassan . everything. Early breakfast
good. . There is no health club or swimming pool. I had intended to live for a week, but due to the lack of a health club, I went to another hotel
Unique stay ... Everything is beautiful, clean beach, comfortable, spacious room, equipped bathroom, sterilized, and clean .. Really comfortable place worth repeating the experience more than once. The absence of a microwave oven for heating .. only for others
Holiness of the site. Furniture, free parking, close to the sanctuary. Price and restaurant handling
As usual, I find in Al-Ghazali’s words a reflection of my passion that I recite from an enlightened sheikh who knew Islam the right to know and said in it a saying of honesty .. There is a heavy rubble of ignorance and erosion that afflicted our nation and kept it away from progress, stagnation in Islamic jurisprudence and jurisprudence, as well as the separation that was between Power, religion, and deliberate ignorance by rulers to close mosques, muffle mouths, and constriction of scholars, which made transferring the light of God between generations a hard work and on a secret scale sometimes in which there is apprehension and fear. And when the sun of faith certainty departs from human life, the darkness of doubts and ignorance and passions hovers and leads to a lot and this is what was and is unfortunately. Islam is a pure shining religion, wonderful in essence and sublime in its thought, but we are no longer Muslims of conviction and have not become a true Islam. If only Muslims would leave all the philosophy of religion and theology, and only devote themselves to the Qur’an, deepen its understanding and application, thus we may move forward one step further.
I recommend visiting the hotel and I will personally use the same hotel for the upcoming visits. The location is excellent and the hotel is clean, modern and upscale, but I have not tried breakfasts. The bed was not comfortable
Thank you from my heart . Every thing is excellent and taste.
Beautiful, functional and family hotel. Beautiful and quiet hotel. Illumination control switches are impractical, since all lamps are closed by one switch which is not practical
thank you . . Everything
Gorgeous . Everything was beautiful. There is no
From old readings: I have not read anything else for Gibran, and I remember that he attracted me and hated him
Exceptional. Proximity to the sanctuary, hygiene deal.
Appropriate . It is considered very good. If you asked for cleanliness in the room or asked for someone carrying bags, this takes a long time to complete
A novel that is extremely impressive and exciting .. The writer simply put it on the page of one of his fans
Gorgeous . Close proximity to the beach, hygiene, reception in addition to the hospitality services provided daily to the rooms. I liked the gift given to my child upon departure and everything was great. I strongly advise him and thank the receptionist, Asrar, for the good treatment .. none
I would recommend it to families. The hotel is excellent and the staff are great and their treatment is great for families and does not serve wines and does not have a casino and the rooms are large and spacious and frankly I would recommend it. The site is next to hotels with casinos, and you can hear the inconvenience during weekends
Exceptional. Overall the hotel is excellent. I took a royal club room and it was written refreshments and cocktails all day long and this is not true only two hours from me and I didn&#39;t find a bowl of fruits as it was written some rooms are very far from the elevator
Exceptional. Cleanliness and proximity.
It is somewhat interesting and reflects the state of society these days, but, as usual, it elaborates on details that are not relevant to the main topic and makes you ask what was he talking about.
Beautiful and worth owning
good. . Windows are closed and have a skylight overlooking some of the hotel&#39;s air conditioning, which made us inconvenient
Razavi Ashour stuck to your clothes, so there is no escape, his pleasure is history, pain is the question, did we leave from it as we got it and had to leave ???????????????????. How did we enter Andalusia and how did we live in it, a question that needs to be refreshed, so we may find the answer to the question: why did we go
Really novel genius .... and I as its villages, I started thinking about many things. What is the assumed one who fights all circumstances in order to achieve his dream and never surrender to despair, but at the same time he does not forget his life in the midst of this struggle and finds himself in the end, he achieved his dream without any benefit or enjoyment of life itself and without achieving any personal goals ..... The end of the novel is great ....... Well deserved five stars
Don&#39;t even think about how much money you&#39;ve spent if you want to have fun. The location is strategic due to the availability of all sports on the beach for young people, cubs, children, cinema and LPG, which is available in most brands and most luxurious restaurants. The prices in the LGR and the beach games are considered high, and this is a strange location. If the prices were cheap, I would not be able to enjoy the many people present at the time of the holidays and holidays.
I don&#39;t have a sweet need, after Azazel: The style is respectful, interesting, and the events are quick, but it is not realistic, I mean frankness:
A few hours of fun. The splendor of Naguib Mahfouz&#39;s style, by keeping you as if you were living with stories in one of the old Cairo neighborhoods. The smoothness of the narration by making you read voraciously, I wish it was not very small.
Excellent. The management is very excellent.
good. Free bus delivery service during the prayer times forbidden.
The elite Orchid is my beloved hotel. Tranquility, proximity to the sanctuary, respect for the entire staff. Breakfast level is lower than before
Exceptional. Everything I liked is the spaciousness of the rooms, the cleanliness of the apartment, and its proximity to everything ... nothing
very good. Overlooking the Sanctuary Square. Lacks his comfort
Creamy literature, a strange beauty
Location, cooperation and good reception. Good reception and cooperation, especially Brother Mustafa in the morning period. nothing
In my very humble opinion, that at the time of all the endings it remained very easy that you would expect it in the text of the novel that it should not be from the beginning. The biggest challenge facing the writer is that he can end a need that you cannot originally expect. In this particular novel, I was almost connected to the situation that Adam arrived in after the end was expected. I was surprised by another ending completely, and after that, it quietly convinced me that the end was the end that I expected. A state of disorientation and motivation belonged to me, and I read at the end, I can’t tell the novel except when I save it. :
good. .. everything is fils for those who booked on the site and go to pay. He tells you the right to clean, and the government’s right comes to the price of double and slow hands to work.
The book of Maschrrrrrrrrrrrrrr. Laughed the years, God, and wonderful projections
A bold movie that deserves to be watched, peace and God’s mercy and blessings be upon you. A family secrets movie is a very important movie for Egyptian and Arab cinema at the moment. The film discusses a problem that may be multiplied in the Arab world, which is the problem of homosexuality for young people. They may attack some of the people. Because the film is facing a very big and very important problem, you should watch the movie and evaluate the very good movie, and some people after watching the movie may fear their children about this problem, and this is the goal of the movie and this film is a rescue for Egyptian cinema, specifically from the films of bullying and violence and the exploitation of Egyptian cinema to display this Movies, because there are no films, and consequently they are forced to view these films. A family secrets film is one of the first films that saved the cinema from the loss of cinema. Alia and encouragement to the actors, peace and God&#39;s mercy and blessings be upon you Mohamed Abdel Ghani Thank you for your time
To download the novel bamboo stalk. : //. / / ...
good. . They did not clean the apartment throughout my stay because the cleaning was at an additional fee
Zlatan Ibrahimovic, a fierce Rosengard boy, presents in this book some of the tales that accompanied his rise in the ladder of the glory of football, with all the accompanying curves and victories ... Or that fighting player who sees his arrogance as an integral part of his unique personal formation .. Zlatan singled out an important part in this book to talk about his suffering in Barcelona and his problems with Guardiola, who he thinks is the main reason for leaving the Catalan club so quickly, to add to his talk about Much of his relationships are within a world Football with both his friend and his agent Mino Raiola, or with his friend, the Brazilian Maxwell&#39;s companion in the Ajax first and then Inter and Barcelona later before they end up in Paris St Germain now, in addition to his relationship with club coaches and coaches as well as the Swedish team.
Beautiful beautiful beautiful. Creativity in portraying characters. Creativity in embodying events. Be creative in describing feelings
Excellent . The place is clean, the apartment is new, the Wi-Fi is excellent, near the hotel from the Mall of the Emirates. The hotel is great despite the delay in service a bit. The service, when you ask reception, such as sugar tea or cleaning rooms, is sometimes delayed, and sometimes they overwhelm you, and there is no coffee or coffee at the time of cleaning.
The return of the absentee is no less impressive than that of its predecessor, the Shadow Government. Two novel novels. What I wanted the most is to link events and facts and move them in a very exciting and interesting way. Their influence on me did not end with the last page I turned, I was very eager to read about Freemasonry, about the Jews of Al-Dounmeh, about the Ottoman Empire and the reasons for its downfall ... So I will give him more attention, God willing .. Thank you Dr. Munther Qabbani, because you gave me great hope that geniuses like you will appear in the history of the Saudi novel
Thank you Salman al-Awda ..
The first time I write a review on the length of the objection, I do not know that I criticize or write any need, but I admire the novel. I said, I will break the rule and write a review. need. There are no details except that it is a revolution and repeating the word Saad Pasha Zaghloul, the famous Maafish Faida, but the details that Ahmed Murad spoke about and dealt with literally and very accurately are historical incidents and very abundant information. I can say that the novel is a masterpiece in every respect. My only objection to the external word is nothing but knowing that it is in the context of the novel and that it describes the state of the country and the situation of people and their words. But enough, that is what I can say, Shabu Mourad
A very interesting book when you read it, you will feel as if you are watching a documentary film about the African tribes .. vast areas of contemplation in the individual person and the people in the group.
Wow . I felt like I was reading a little girl, and I felt the beauty of the little things around me. I love God
Jihan loves you .. to live like you. A new novel for the renewed creative writer Mekawi Saeed .. a huge story indeed, it is about a page that deals with societal and cultural anatomy of different personalities that we see daily without going beyond its external cover to what is inside it .. the novel is realistic .. events take place in the few years before the January of January and monitors societal changes And cultural on the scene through a group of different personalities rarely find and meet him, but you realize his existence. Reem Matar is the most vocal character in the novel .. Perhaps it is not one character, but several characters wrestle in one body .. A mass of obscenity and animated crudeness, and when you get to know her more, she realizes that she is a mass of madness and a threat imminent in herself and those around her..but despite all these disadvantages, I see her as the character The most consistent with the self .. It does not beautify and does not play a role that does not have it .. her personality appears as it is with its ugliness and evil at times and with her love at times and its madness many times..magnetism that brought her together with Ahmed Al Dhawi actually expresses opposites opposites .. her relations with people are temporary relations that start and end When she decides this and does not place these relationships in a place ... it is equal In that near and strange that she is her daughter or the broker, she will receive the same amount of treatment, which has fixed rules for her, namely, that the relationship that carries her anxiety, distress or a sign of turmoil will end with the ugliest ways that she imagines and which she does not imagine herself, and then her unexpected end to a crazy person like her It is a surprise, or perhaps the punishment she chose for herself. She understands her flaws well and does not crack and does not manage her from herself before others .. But you can never expect her next blow or the moments of her madness from loosening it. Ahmed Al-Dawi .. Don is an authentic Egyptian quixote .. for his life goals and there is no justification for his days that he goes on without realizing that .. sometimes many events are what drives him .. his reeling between his love for Reem and Ceyhan is nothing but a new case of confusion in which he drowns .. A noble knight in many cases .. Taking into account those around him without being aware of it and not issued on purpose .. He seeks to serve a friend and accepts the fluctuations of Reem and her daughter and seeks to obtain the satisfaction of Jihan and her friends who accepts the truth of his first and last wife with the same noble .. He does so without awareness of him but imprisones himself In the constraints he created for himself and circled in endless circles, referring his life that could have been clear to a real maze made by me Has. His relationship with his parents is unique. His conservative southern mother did not use Cairo despite all the years she lived in. His relationship with his young uncle, whose mother insisted on taking him after her marriage with her to live in front of them, and Ahmed’s belief that he is not his uncle but his older brother as his mother was keen to call him .. a western relationship in terms of excessive care for her brother with a knot that went to him with no reason and spoiled much between her and her husband who resented pouring most attention on the uncle and left the son with little vow and lack of interest of course for the husband.. despite that, the relationship between Ahmed and his uncle was not disturbed, but rather Very attached to it even after it hit him From the turmoil following his repeated arrest ... Jihan El-Orabi is the heroine of the novel .. and she is already a heroine in repelling her loved ones about her dumped actions in Sadia many times .. It seems that her relationship with Tamim, which staggered and most of them in the orbit of depression and psychological conflict, motivated that hostile position that she took from Everyone and of herself .. When she loves, she decides that instead of hinting at it or getting close to her, she repels him in the most expressive ways that her recipient blows her head .. Her relationships with her friends are marred by a lot of psychological distress and lying .. Unreal relationships and she realizes this, but she decided that Doing the opposite of what you want and delighting in pain and self-affliction Ha .. Perhaps it is our case when we realize very well what we want, but we make every effort to get away from it, enjoying the role of the victim and the skin of the self ... Jihan&#39;s friends ... a strange mix even though this friendship extends for years, but their relationship remains strange because they do not tolerate them most of the time, but they keep them around in kind From having to form a human link that can serve as a link against the outside world .. The character of the previously strong personality that transformed her will into a link in a series of charitable idols that embodied her for herself to worship him every morning and to revolve around him .. Rana who has multiple faces .. She complains about her talentless husband She calls around to intervene to save her and then rushes to his hands Which he plunges on her in a new relationship when she starts your intervention .. her color is expected to take advantage of all around her including her infant son to reach her goal and Jihan realizes recently that she does not need help in her miserable marriage that she was complaining about, but she was aware of every step she took .. so she was not surprised Too much for the last shift in her attitudes during the revolution ... You don&#39;t know whether this hostile situation of the self Jihan gained after the death of her husband, the different tumultuous life that she lived with him and his moody fluctuations that were turning their lives from one state to another, or she had a willingness to do so from the beginning .. does not really fit her Except Ahmed Al-Dawi. Many of the personalities were inspired by the writer, and she is a symbol of everything we live in our lives .. who change their attitudes and personalities according to personal interests and turn from right to left and vice versa, enjoying the benefits of wearing all faces .. and from the world of art and culture in all its rich details and rich in contradictions .. for the security man who is addicted to power who loves the power Until he has acted with spontaneous reactions in most cases, an autopsy and mental anatomy of the reader when he sees all of this realistic mixture that you see and do not see. You realize its existence, but you did not live it .. You cannot expect what will come .. The writer surprises you with the transformations of personalities and the transformations of circumstances written in a language of classical court permeated by colloquial expressions and foreign expressions that entered our daily culture from dealing with social networks until they became one of our daily vocabulary .. The method is smooth and flowing without complication ..The writer was keen to make every character speak in her style, expressions, and analogies different from any other personality, so the method was like the personal fingerprint of each individual to make you feel as if you were sitting with them and listening to them. Ing style Han in the hadith is completely different, bearing her personal fingerprints, psychological labyrinths, and frequent chest tightness from those around her. Some parts were blown away by many details and it was possible to overcome them ... and other events that necessitated some rich details such as the events of the revolution and the screening of friends and the distance between distances after different directions .. A huge narration from In terms of size, details, and characters between its expressive pages of our contradictory life that messes with us..but most of these characters are that they all live as if they are practicing the role they want for themselves..and as if they are living freely enjoying the tongue of the radiator who silences all the tongues .. whoever loves J while he is practicing the hobby of self-torture ... as if it is in a state of mental and emotional equilibrium by drawing all those boundaries with colleagues and friends and drawing all the rules that guarantee them a feeling of security..Everyone exercises the role that was drawn for him even if he does not realize this .. Few realize this fact And they transform the reality of their matter from a real reality .. The question is whether they realize it before it is too late.
He talks about the life of a Moroccan family who was exiled and tortured because of their father’s minister’s coup against the Moroccan monarchy. The family was exiled for twenty years.
You must stop and curse me.
Exceptional. Everything is excellent and very suitable for families. nothing
It is like the case, and I want it to be the same as the money
A very appropriate book as an introduction to Imam Al-Shafi’i&#39;s poems .. It starts with an introduction from a page on Al-Shafi’i, his life and his poems, and ends with a conclusion of pages, between them is a color page with the most beautiful poems of the Imam .. No poems of love and love are found here.
very good. The reception is excellent. Internet is very weak
When you have finished that book, you have a firm belief that Sufism has several seas, and if you master swimming in one of them, it is not necessary that you will be able to swim in the other .. The book toured us in the sail of the companions after we sailed in the sea of our noble Messenger, and the writer distinguished each sea with the characteristics of its great owner from Abi Bakr, passing by Umar bin Al-Khattab, then Ali Othman, Al-Hussein, may God be pleased with all of them, they are equal .. He also touched on the most prominent Sufi scholars, including Rabaa Al-Adawiya, Ahmad bin Hanbal, Jaafar Al-Sadiq ... and many others illuminated the paths of faith ... He also never feared a comparison Sufism is at the root of religion, and it has been proven with the argument and evidence that Sufism is neither a religion nor a religion It is a scourge of religion, but it is included under the classification of art and creativity, but at the same time it differs from art .. as the artist seeks to prove the self, while the Sufi seeks to erase the self to prove God, and when the self is negated by its desires, there remains only God. He also touched on the dignities, and I sing about the ones mentioned in the Qur’an, specifically in Surat Al-Kahf, where I recounted in a wise manner explaining the secrets and secrets of the Qur’anic verses the story of the owners of the cave, the owners of the two parasols, and the two centuries, and who is the owner of our master Moses on his journey, who believes that he is our master of vegetables as he tells legends And narrations .. He was never shy about delving into these issues, explaining in detail what he reached after reflecting and thinking. The language was simple and easy, and reached the heart .. It was not simple any trivial, but deep and very philosophical, suitable for the true face of true Sufism .. Where a person lives with his Lord as if he sees him, he sees it in all his actions and actions .. He loves God as he did not like anything A cat ... The book has another place that lives within myself, only my heart teaches ...
And they have sweet memories from the days of America
A wonderful . Location, hygiene and excellent room service.
Me and my wife . We liked the luxury of the building, location, cleanliness and quietness. Unavailability of freebies like other hotels and I was robbed by the restaurant where we had lunch with one plate for one person and they calculated the bill for two people knowing that we had one meal for one person and I complained about the supervisor but for the life of those who call
The book, in its introduction, is the author, in which he clarified its purpose from the book, but I can add that the language written in it is easy and close, and the reader will not be lost. By touching the vocabulary and language of a wide segment of people. The book is great at communicating the idea of eternal interconnection, a competitive role-mutually dependent relationship between religion and politics, and an intuitive and intuitive use of violence within. He talks about the connection of heretical Christian tendencies with Islamic verbal ideas and principles and their link to the regions of the Levant and Mesopotamia
Comfortable stay. Good reception and wonderful rooms. WiFi must be added to the rooms
The writer Adeeb Fighter, Khatt, with a full story of struggle, embodied by a great woman, Umm Saad, who described it as saying. This woman gives birth to children, and they become guerrillas. She is backward and Palestine takes. A novel of indescribable beauty that left my tears optimistic on its pages
I recommend it beautifully ... Wonderful. The entrance to the hotel is bad
Gorgeous . . the breakfast
Rooooooh hotel. Everything is beautiful in the hotel, services are more than amazing, and the level of hygiene is high. I thank all those in charge of the hotel, especially the receptionist / Hebta, who met us with a smile and good morals, so we have all thanks and appreciation.
This narration in its first two thirds is an account of events, and narration in the case of Palestine is sufficient. You do not need a lot of pictures and analogies to describe feelings of oppression from injustice. The extent of the pain of these feelings is simple, simple and clear solutions, but we ignore solutions and drown in oppression and boiling from a history that is repeated every day .. In the last third and after the scene comes out of the war zone, pictures and expressions appear. As if the writer tells us that the expression is a luxury that accompanies security, and it is not appropriate for someone who lives in a camp in a war zone to use it and master it .. the style of the writer was more beautiful in the Granada trilogy and I did not find a similarity in the style between the two books except in the last third where he overwhelmed the narration, but it left us stories Characters, feelings and fears are provided between the listed details and feelings of oppression, and we are attached to their stories and characters so that the picture of suffering is slowly completed. And no one is good at linking you with characters from his imagination like this writer .. I liked the jumps that she was jumping for the future. I wish in life a window on the future as in the books .. The book in its entirety is a story of struggle and misery that was told with distinction and exclusivity.
Exceptional. The hotel is distinctive and has all the services and there is no need to go outside the hotel and it is located on the borders of Dubai and there is private transportation for the hotel.
Very impressive .. And it has wonderful ideas ... I liked the religious and moral character of the characters a lot ..
On the historical level:. This book presented an opportunity for all the followers and loyalists of the Ottoman Caliphate in its new form, its reality and the reality of the human and social interaction with which it was dealing with the servants of the Sultan as it was stated on this occasion .. The supporters of the new Ottoman thought must penetrate into the pain of this novel in order to Victors reach the steadfast truth that Ataturk&#39;s people think about in the past, today and tomorrow. On the literary level:. Far from my strong regret that the novel did not end with a tragic end, such as that Hanna dies, bound by a chain in the Bulgarian cellar there, alongside Qasim Izz al-Din and his brothers, but this end was not to increase the amount of pain, catastrophes and worldly disasters that Hanna witnessed on his journey from Beirut to Belgrade. This novel is considered one of the best novels of travel literature in the modern era due to its literary and cultural richness. Although the writer’s language fluctuated in many cases between the artificial colloquial Lebanese colloquial and classical Arabic itself. This is what made the reader feel the fact that the narrator was Hanna Yaqoub Al Beirutouti and not Rabie Jaber, the Lebanese .. This story enriches you in reading the many historical sources that talk about this era with numbers, accounts and descriptions that are free of emotions and are unable to create the same narrative atmosphere that the writer succeeded greatly in We put it today in describing the pain and the torture of the prison in this way singing .. It keeps you from even reviewing this historical era in the history of Bulgaria, Kosovo, Bosnia and Serbia, which the author prefers, graciously to append it at the end of his novel. The description and the very small details that many readers were forced to follow because they were meaningless in their view and did not provide much for the novel, on the contrary, it provided the novel with a holistic, worldly, dreamy view of that world that is burning politically and its residents still live in it and they ignite He delayed it with generosity, compassion, affection, kindness and compassion for each other. At the political level:. This narration exposes the differences that exist between Muslims and Christians that strike the calm atmosphere of the country and take in its storms those good and bad from the people of the country and the best young people on earth to go their wind in the service of sultans and kings who are unable to resolve the dispute amicably and on religious grounds .. on the religious level .. :. This novel provides conclusive evidence of tolerant ethics of Islam, as well as the morals of compassionate Christianity. Hanna Yaqoub, satisfied with imprisonment instead of a young Christian who was released, paid the ransom, did not complain or attempt to escape or even object. Likewise, the brothers of the Muslim youth did not show at one time their resentment because of the exchange of this Christian with their Muslim brother, O God, except in some words scattered here and there .. on a personal level:. The writer blamed his marginalization on the lost years of Helena waiting for her husband and did not mention how those lean years alone and accompanied by her orphan daughter spent a heart except in very few places .. It is true that the novel was in need of describing tears and remorse and the years of waiting that all of us know how to pass in In exchange for this unjust and difficult journey that her husband is going through on the other side of the world ... How will the writer be busy describing the case of Helena, who does not leave her crying over what is inconceivable for her and what she did not know, and we are also expected to cry over what she cries and is You don&#39;t know it, and we also don&#39;t know it ... a very, very, very interesting story in a very, very short summary
. Beautiful place with everything except air conditioning. Air conditioning is almost broken
Exceptional. Good reception from the honorable brothers, distinguished service and attention from everyone, especially brother Muath, brother Amer, brother Abdulaziz and all the workers.
Very very nice, friendly staff, thanks to them. Wonderful and enjoyable hotel. High level of cleanliness. Excellent food. Very varied, full of adventures. Fun things. Aqua park. Old and young. Very beautiful and pleasant. Its problem is the beach. In need of the hotel, I will be back soon, I will return to it, the rooms and the rum is a friendly and continuous cleaning. Do not hear negative comments. The hotel is generally pleasant, clean, and eat, and the service is excellent.
good. The location of the hotel is excellent. The breakfast is excellent and varied. Wi-Fi is very weak in the rooms. Room service is very, very bad. The price of parking is half the price of the room or you have to put your car on the street.
Incentive to study data encryption:
good. Beautiful Kalchi. Not to speak Arabic
One of the most respected books. Seriously ... one of the most respectful of the mindset of the reader. Heba Mohammed .. to show my respect
While preserving some needs .. The novel is wonderful in every sense of the word
Awesome. Everything is excellent.
good. . Internet is very bad only Wi-Fi without service
How much happiness this book has
Beautiful and economical. Good for sleeping. nothing
I see that the beauty of the novel was in the author’s ability to control all of his characters, even though they are many, including central, legal, and marginal, but he managed to get them all at the end of the novel with ends that were very surprising for me because I, until the scene of the trial, could not imagine the end at all, and even the court was a masterpiece and an end Unexpected. The novel benefits a movie with distinction
Enjoyable. Helpful and helpful staff. Breakfast in the other building
Much sadness, depression and disgust left him behind this novel
A unique experience. The hotel is great and comfortable with what the word means. The bathroom seat is relatively small, the bathroom is open to the room and was suitable for us as a couple, but in the event of children there is not appropriate
Exceptional. I liked everything in the hotel. Not organizing to receive guests..I also booked two rooms and I wrote in Bucking that I want two rooms to be connected because I have young children ... but upon my arrival I did not get my order and after an hour of attempts the Relationship Manager was given me a sweet from two rooms .. and may God reward them well
Wonderful. . The price of the services is expensive
I hope to repeat it, but at a better level, the reception. . Yes, the breakfast is delicious, but there is a worm. The lettuce = the rooms and the accommodation are very nice .. The reception as we arrived at one o&#39;clock in the afternoon and entered the room after the evening prayer.
Iconic Youssef Zidan in description and analogy:. The genius of overlapping events and going into the deepest souls. A very complicated topic, a very, very sensitive topic. It contains legalization of the imagination with historical figures and ecclesiastical facts that actually took place, yet the novel did not give up its pleasure. :
A special steak that provides excellent meals according to my experience of the existing steaks.
Wonderful. Easy access to the campus and lifts abound. nothing
Is it fair to talk about Ibrahim Nasrallah&#39;s pen or about Zahir al-Omar&#39;s dressage? My question to myself throughout my reading was whether I care about Ibrahim or Zahir, and I did not find the answer .. This is the best story I wrote in the most beautiful pen
very comfortable . everything. nothing
Bad restaurant. Security guards treated and parking very cool. The restaurant is very expensive and not diversified in dishes, meaning it is not worthy of riyals for a person, and drinks are not counted with the open buffet.
Worth a visit again. Location and cleanliness are all beautiful. There is no
Exceptional. I like this hotel.
very good. . You will not be admitted after four o&#39;clock in the afternoon ...
In the introduction to the English publisher of the tenth edition of this book, it is stated that there is a type of person in which certain features meet that can give an honest portrayal of his era, and for our time today, this that comes after Darwin, Freud and Einstein, the non-belonging is the type that expresses a human being this Al-Asr .. The book from beginning to end is filled with talk about the characteristics of the non-affiliated who came as a translation of the English term, which also means the intruder. However, if I could give a technical picture summarizing the status of the non-member and his position on life before proceeding to summarize his features, I would not find any better than the cry of Van Gogh to carry out the task of leaving the field for you to guess the nature of the non-member .. He sees more than necessary, and deeper than necessary From here begins the problem of non-belonging, it is a lot of reflection and many questions. He asks: Who am I ?, What is life? And there are moments when he feels his truth, and that life is nothing but an illusion. Unaffiliated people are black, and they not only reject life; many of them are hostile to it. The main problem of the non-affiliate is freedom, and therefore he does not accept the limitations of his human perception, and seeks in every way possible to reach the height of his awareness, and he is thus despised and disgusted by the common people who see them immersed in their materialism and their interest in the shallowness of life .. There are moments in which the non-affiliated feel everything without real, such as looking at his seat and failing to distinguish it, it is a seat, but the word remains on my lips. She refuses to go and settle for something. As if things were divorced from their names. Such seizures were expressed by Tolstoy in many of his stories, and suddenly he was surprised by the question of life and death, and he says: Why is this life? Death? Do we commit suicide immediately? .. Colin Wilson, who wrote this book when he was twenty-four years old, followed in his research on the study of the personality of the non-affiliated, the method of research in literary works that reviewed the characters who share the characteristics of the non-belonging, such as the works of Camus, Hemingway, Destovsky, Tolstoy, Hermann Hesse. In addition to showing the biographies of some real characters to which the characteristics of the non-affiliated are applied, such as Van Gogh, Vaslav Njinsky, George Fox, Lawrence of Arabia, Nietzsche, Schopenhauer .. Colin Wilson expanded his search for the non-affiliated, not only dissecting his personality, but went on to reveal what the non-affiliates did with that The troubled personality, and how they expressed it, in language, in art, or in the body. Some people failed to find answers to his questions and killed himself as Van Gogh, and there were those who sought to find a way to expand his awareness and succeeded as George Fox. The last chapter of the book reviewed examples of how characters were able to expand their mental awareness .. I cannot say that I totally enjoyed this book, as I felt some pages heavy on me, and boredom leaked to me in another. However, I also do not say that I did not benefit from it. It is calculated for this book that he introduced me to the biography of some famous personalities, and he also longed for me to read some of the literary works he reviewed, and through it he dug into psychology with his deep analysis of the characters ... A final note: Do not read this book if you are a beginner in reading so as not to oppress the book Or, you are disappointed with your level of understanding, and do not read it if you are not patient and persistent.
The second book devoured by the writer in a week ... A clear sense of humor begins with the novel to demonstrate that the writer is adept at drawing her characters alive in every detail. And he broke some of the barriers that he had left behind ... such as putting Omar in Egypt and his origins according to the version of events in its initial form ... Omar&#39;s figure of the wolf is drawn as the most beautiful drawing ... Monitoring the development of its interaction with its surroundings draws you from the first novel to the end and invites you to meditate ... the mountain flower whose name brings me back to my childhood and to a cartoon character I loved very much and I cannot deny her role in drawing features to recognize the true beauty of me and she is a doctor daughter, sister and wife of fighter Chechen Mujahideen and above that an entity with a composition worthy of traceability and Attention, quotation ... and the journalist’s personality, which is indispensable in wars of liberation from oppression and tyranny ... The interface of the media war is either a strength or a weakness. And the rest of the characters that each account for a set of characteristics that distinguish them and make the difference between them and others in the act and take positions and being to show some aspect of the issue ... the method is very simple that refers you to the novels novels ... the formulation of some ideas and dialogues is weak in some Sometimes it diminishes the effect of meaning and leads to beauty in it ... And spelling and linguistic errors are present. Perhaps it is normal because the version currently available electronically is a draft that I think will improve a lot after the review ... to make a lasting impact and affect ... As for colloquial language it was possible to avoid it in some way according to my opinion ... I was reading and saying to myself: Yal My ignorance, my shortcomings ... I had never heard of anything that happened or was happening in Chechnya before ... I know the names, but I did not care about the names and details of what was happening and I thought that what was going on there did not concern me, I really thought it was an internal matter ... getting to know Close-up, even if by reading, from the names of places, peoples, events ... it brings them out of that narrow space surrounded by an aura that prevents approaching ... they become nonetheless Able to give up the distances that separate you ... give up the pure imagination that you have been using and surround it with the walls ... so all of this turns into the reality of your feeling and the ground of your awareness ... there is no difference in the methods ... tyranny and injustice are one and if its faces are numerous .... And what is the most prejudice of human demons today on Muslims everywhere where our wounds from every blight are bleeding ... There is no difference between Chechnya and Gaza, for example, there is no difference. It comes to you from the book the meaning of preserving your history and the feasibility of that ... and it comes back to assure me that travel and trip are official authentic revelations of the minerals of the people and the metal of life ... I remembered my book by Rasul Hamzatov ... The accumulation of readings began to pay off to know me more about the region and Its people ... and now understand and understand the position of some of the details that it had previously exploited ... This story addresses the heart and responds to it ... is the first glimpse of the story of Chechnya&#39;s jihad against its usurped Russian occupier, the maker of terrorism, because it leads you to further research on the issue .. Books like this one must be translated to reach the free world and read them. Because she holds her cause truthfully and addresses the human person in her ..
Exceptional. Everything is nice, comfortable, quiet, cleanliness. Delay in receiving the room
I really liked this book even though I couldn&#39;t understand all of it
After I finished reading these letters, I can only say thank you to Ghada Al-Samman, which allowed us to get acquainted with Ghassan Kanafani, the lover if that is the case. As I read, I felt that I lived with him the details of his love and his misery, through these messages I broke the stereotype of the resistance and proved that the issue does not contradict love, so how can a man love his country if he is not able to love. Ghada believed when she was repeating Ghassan, he was a man. Indeed, he is a man in every sense of the word
An amazing novel, and I admit that it surprised me; when I decided to read it, I did not expect that it would be wonderful ... hasty, interesting events, breath taking in a realistic form that dives into the corruption of the Egyptian regime, businessmen, suspicious deals, prostitution, etc. ... an Egyptian slang that you feel that you You live in. Beautiful ending
The Narmoth is the philosophy of pain in its deepest form
A really cool book. This is the first time I read Mustafa Mustafa. I loved it very very much. I stop questions that were on my mind regarding the subject of the book
A novel worth reading once, two, three and a hundred
The human being is called only by his forgiveness ... and not by the heart, but he fluctuates:. .... And God is patient, I did not live, is not everything has an end? Yes, everything has an end ... meaning in English, and its spelling. Sheikh Darwish, the hero of the hidden alley. He is Naguib Mahfouz, and he suffices:
I couldn’t open and read the book, I took it off the library shelf because the cover was calling me oddly, I don’t know the author and the title was scary. So scary that I was avoiding looking at the book when I would see my eyes on my new pile of books thrown beside the bed. Why did you buy it? And every time my eyes slip to see that it falls short of him far away, it was annoying. Why did I buy a book that I was upset with without even knowing its content? . So I decided to take it with me on the short trip to the house of my uncle, as a relief for my conscience that I did not leave him, perhaps the title is the reason for the torment of this strange conscience, but I took it anyway .. Strangely enough I discovered that I did not take with me the books that I had previously planned to read, and found myself gripped Read on, and what a trip. When I finished Dostovsky&#39;s novel The Idiot, I had told myself that I do not read anything related to Russian literature, it fills me with feelings that I need, I do not want to dive into the sufferings of the soul and its problems, I do not want to read long conversations chasing me throughout the night. I don&#39;t want to be tortured by humans, that&#39;s what I told myself. And here I throw it across the wall .... First I will admit that my political information is very shallow, and it is very clear that the novel aims to introduce socialism in a simple, dramatic and very close to the soul. Every page I have been reading compares it to the conflict in Ukraine now and I remember Andrei and a new crack in my heart is expanding. I have never liked a character with strength, impulsivity, and sorrow like Andrei before. I am supposed to talk about the novel, my impression of it, my views on its pages and the opinions of its characters, but all this has escaped from me now, all that remains is the strange link between the image of Christ that the mother adheres to, as if the mother herself. It is a strange feeling, frankly, to see Christ as the image of the mother, as the torments she explains. But this happened. this is what I feel. This is what I cry for her.
For rest only. Close to the center, the corniche, and museums. The road to Dubai is close. It is very lonely, as long as there is no lobby and coffee shop for visitors at the swimming pool, it can only be seen by leaving the room and during the day.
A beautiful novel that predicts the near black future for Egypt, with some crude words, but it described the situation with the finest details
I read the book in a psychological situation that is difficult to get out of. And I very much enjoyed my sense of humor, simplicity of expression, and realistic situations with existing philosophy that motivate you to think deeply about some important existential questions. On the other hand, I hope to try the pomegranate mentioned in the book with municipal bread.
nothing . The frankness of the site is excellent and the service is a little too expensive. nothing
I hesitated to acquire the novel, because I was very disappointed in Arabic novels in particular. But what I read about its content was a motivation to read it, and thank God I did not disappoint me about it ..
May his minor things torment me, so how can I survive? Here his newspaper in the corner neglected here is a book together we had read it. Mali stared at the mirror, asking her what dress he had given. Pretend to hate and how to hate those in the eyelid. How do I run away from it? It is my destiny. Does the river have a change of course ... I love it ... I do not know what I love with it until its sins are no longer its sins
Life is not just between books. But you need to be a boat to convince me of the strength of your logic. Zorba .. who dances when you expect him to cry. He knows exactly how to enjoy life, how to laugh, how to not let the pain triumph over him, how to value the time, the air, the food. Zorba, we all know how to be sad. But of course we do not know how to live, how to be happy, and how to dance. At first, you imagine Zorba as a devil who does not believe in anything or anyone. You see him making fun of Muslim women and sacred things. He does not believe in prophets or any religion. But with the succession of events, you feel his faith, with his big heart, by opening his mind, by the weight of his experiences, by his boldness and his primitiveness, making you against your will contemplate his logic, and his philosophy ... a mysterious boat in its depths, a person in all his actions. I remember saying: Let the people be satisfied, President. Do not open their eyes, if they opened their eyes, what will they see? Their misery. Then let them go on with their dreams. Unless you have, when they open their eyes, a better world than the world of darkness in which they now live. Do you have this world? As described by the creator Nikos Kazantzakis. It is difficult for such a man to miss his goal, because his feet are fixed in the ground under the weight of his body, that some of the underdeveloped tribes in Africa worship the serpent because he touches the earth with all his body, for he is aware of all the secrets of the earth .. he knows these secrets with his stomach, his tail and his head. Because he is in constant and close contact with Mother Earth, and all this is true for Zorba .. As for us, we are educated, we are just stupid birds that live in the air. From Zorba&#39;s deep philosophical sayings. . No, I do not believe in anything at all. How many times do I have to repeat this. I do not believe in anything or anyone. But Zorba alone. Not because Zorba is better than others, but because Zorba is the only one under my authority and the only one I know. As for the rest of them all are ghosts, I see these eyes, and I hear these two ears, and I digest this stomach. All the rest are ghosts .. I tell you, when I die, everything will die with me .. The whole Zorb world will dive into the depths: says the old legend. That the human heart is a hole filled with blood, and those loved ones who died throw themselves at the edge of the hole and are drawn from the blood, and so they return to life and the greater your love for them the greater the amount they take from your blood ... that the old world exists and is clearly defined, and we live in it and struggle with it . As for the world of the future, it is not yet born. It is a transparent, invisible world, like the light from which dreams weave. It is a cloud thrown by violent winds of love, hatred and imagination. The greatest of the prophets cannot give people more than a system of life, and the more obscure the system is, the greater the importance of the Prophet and his greatness .., this is the freedom: to love something, and to collect gold pieces. Suddenly you overcame your passion and throw your treasure in the air, to break free from passion, to submit to another passion more noble than him, but is this not another form of slavery. Life is trouble, no trouble in death. Do you know what it means for a person to live? It means to roll up his arms and search for trouble. What can you do to me, sky? All you can do is kill me. Kill me, then I don&#39;t care .. I told you what I wanted to say..I danced as I wanted to dance. ..
Exceptional. The crew is great, especially mentioning brother Mustafa, the receptionist, and the hotel is very excellent and all services are close to it.
Very beautiful . I advise everyone that everything is very great, the reception staff at Khaled’s summit is very helpful, and I got cooperation from them in everything and looking at the campus. Buffet to mess with all nationalities in the restaurant
I saw our tails. The book is all jolts for a person to wake him from wars of illusion and sub-matters that distract him from his condition and opens the way for the mind to pass any event through its effect on himself and society .. a book that does not summarize but rather is a summary ... I tried as much as possible to summarize it but I deleted it in My summary is a lot ... The book is great and done.
Wonderful. I thank Brother Omar Al-Sudani at the reception.
Names, some of them were created to obscure and be forgotten, others were created to immortalize and be remembered, and others were created to disgrace them.
It is a novel that combines love with courageous pride with the title dancing you and dancing with you to its tunes between the captivating mystery and magic in all its expressions reeling between grief and let down to crazy love that has no title.
very good. The cooperation of the employees and the spaciousness of their chest and helping us to dissolve some difficulties ... The subject of obligating bringing personal identities to everyone in the room suddenly without prior knowledge of this. Disabling the keys automatically and suddenly before confirming the exit.
Pretty good. The site is downloadable .. the calm of the area, there are no adjacent shops, and this is a park of rest.
In the branches in the city, it was amazing, but in the branches of what I recommend visiting, it is necessary for the company to pay attention to it and increase the focus, nor on the one hand, the same products are amazing.
good. Really, a beautiful and wonderful hotel, and I liked the availability of mass transit buses, around the clock, as well as limousines, and on both sides of the hotel groceries and two restaurants near the hotel .. It has two underground parking spaces in short. Double the buffet meals open at breakfast only
Exceptional. . Internet in the rooms is limited by a certain number of devices
This book adds experiences to your experiences. And relieves the pain that you feel. When I read him .. I laughed sometimes and cried sometimes. In some experiences, I felt a burning spirit in me. Very beautiful
Interesting experience I will return in the future. Breakfast price location, speed to meet requests. Attitudes are an eternal problem
Excellent and worth a visit. everything. nothing
A beautiful and quiet family hotel in the center of Dubai This hotel is characterized by the beauty of its room, its cleanliness and the calmness of its decorations. The service is fast and wonderful.
Exceptional. In short, wonderful hotel apartments at the level of hotels, but more beautiful with spaciousness and capacity. Excellent location close to restaurants. The building is new, I think, opened months ago. Very sophisticated handling and total comfort. nothing
Exceptional. Its proximity to the airport and its presence on a vital street, such as Tahlia Street. Tight positions
One of the most wonderful things I read ... are all projections of reality. Blind is not just my uncle’s eye ..
I liked this story very much and lived its atmosphere, I liked the writer&#39;s style a lot and his way of communicating the suffering of workers in our Arab countries ,, and discussing the method of apartheid .... I advise everyone to read it ..
very good. Cleanliness and good treatment. Smell bad smells most of the time
Excellent . Reception. the bed
Excellent and good service, but there is a strange smell in the hotel, it can be cooked. The level of services is excellent. Only the smell is present
One of the most wonderful things I read in the biography books and its style is simple and easy for everyone who wants to know the Prophet, may God’s prayers and peace be upon him and his family
The resort is more than wonderful ... but the very bad I spent the honeymoon vacation at the resort from to December .. The place is very wonderful and quiet and the most beautiful thing there is a design inspired by the homes of Nubia unlike the charming nature that characterizes Abu Dabab Bay .. everything there Five stars we were luxury, be it the beach, the four swimming pools, the tasteful food, the cleanliness and the design of the rooms .. As for no, my wife and I were subjected to a fraud there ... We initially thought that there was no sign of the Hilton, but we discovered It is a different company .. And for the information that there is no kiosk that contains two rooms very narrow and suffocating and does not provide Wei massages only ... As for us being fraudulent ... someone has deluded us that there is no sauna there ... and we participated in a program to get rid of fats for five days ... After the subscription we were surprised because the sauna was in a booth, not the hot air conditioning, I do not recommend Anyone with an experience that is not there and here only the management of the Hilton Hotel .. Why don&#39;t you build a respectable resort like your hotel in Luxor or like the Concorde Hotel Marsa Alam which contains five stars ????? The rest of the hotel is more than wonderful .... I can spend another vacation in it .. Greetings
First: The cover is very sweet .. Ahmad Faraj is great .. Second: A gift .. a factor that attracted me to the narration and focus in each person’s personality .. Third: the language .. your choice is that the language is classical until the dialogue is a huge thing, but some are tainted by a A mistake, like a word that guides this, for example, which Mona said to Moataz. And the first line on the page, I will know how to teach you, your fault, your mistake? Her money is your fault, man, oh good man:. And the words of Asali and I did not swallow them openly in the midst of this amount of classical. Fourth: The narration style is very sweet .. By moving me from one person to another without what I feel lost between them. Fifth: A very interesting event .. interconnected, and this gave the story no boredom point. Sixth: The accurate description of each person and the association of the characters with each other and his view of the rest of the people who have most of the needs that I liked ... Seventh: The entry of a personal dress like a single before the end of the novel with pages of need aroused the reader&#39;s interest even more if he felt bored. Eighth: The medical information that I said in the last need increased my respect for the writer because Makhlash the novel transgressed by simply cutting it and only adding information to it thanks him. Ninth: the end. The Great Shock. Astonished me with all the meaning of the word:. Tenth, and this is important .. Thank you very much for your presence on the novel and for signing your present. I mean, frankly, I don&#39;t know what to say after all. You are a talented writer, and I wish you success in your upcoming work. Make sure if you work again, you will be one of the people you will buy and read, and she is confident that the book is great just because it is by Mohamed Abdel Aziz ..
This book is one of the important books that are returned more than once
five stars . Everything is nice except the speed of service upon arrival due to the crowdedness, crowding and tightness of the place in the breakfast.
An Iranian love story under the censor&#39;s scissors, a novel in which there is no less genius than the novels that changed the course of history .. The protagonists of the novel: the narrator, i.e. the writer Shahryar Mendenpur, in addition to Dara and his beloved Sarah and Sergeant Petrovich, the ruthless censor in the Islamic Republic of Iran .. The events of the story take place after the victory of the Islamic Revolution in Iran over the Shah, and the purges suffered by the opponents of the revolution in public institutions, and liquidations in the streets, in addition to burning cinemas and concert halls, and burning everything that violates the law of God, including clothing, songs, drinks, customs and behavior .. The narrator The genius is trying to write a love story An Iranian without the watchman deleting a lot of her sentences, so he uses the policy of self-censor, writes the sentences and then strikes them off, in order to alleviate Petrovich&#39;s storytelling and deletion .. Imagine that you live in a country where you are not allowed to harvest .. It is a terrible thing. I know. Imagine that you are a 20-year-old mentally retarded girl. And you go out during the day because your family wants to get rid of you and in the streets of a city, they wander. And there are men who know innately smart that you are mentally retarded, and they seduce you with a cup of ice cream, and lure you under the stairs, and empty themselves inside you, and you enjoy that a little while you are taking ice cream. Then you are arrested, and the judge rules you to death. Do not understand what is going on around you. One day, they take you from prison to the town square, and you see a crowd there who came to watch you. You feel happy because so many people gathered there just for you, and trying to smile at them to show them that you are happy to see them. But before they can see your smile, a policeman puts a bag over your head, and you don&#39;t see anything until the face of the last man emptied himself inside you, and all you feel is the roughness and roughness of the rope that wraps around your neck. Then whatever you want to get is sweet and cold ice cream, you feel that the airway has been blocked, and you start vomiting. You are happy that you are vomiting. You are trying to laugh. But the tightly tied rope around your neck raises you to the top using a lever. He does not let you laugh. It makes you color your lips in an ugly way. If you are lucky, and because of your body weight, your neck will knock, and you will not feel any pain. But if the rope was not placed around your neck properly, you will have to suffer for a few minutes until you receive your eternal rest. As for the men who dump themselves inside you, they must be standing among the crowd, and they may feel joy when they see the cramps of your body hanging from the noose
Stories contain eloquent phrases that you may not understand for the first time from your reading of them, especially if you are not familiar with this type of story, but after you have studied carefully, you find that the metaphors and rhetorical style that were used are very appropriate to the description or meaning that you want to convey to the writer, may God have mercy on her. I read it long before her death and I will read it again
Great hotel and great location. I liked the hotel, its proximity to the City Center and also its proximity to the airport .. Taxi availability in front of the hotel is twenty-four hours ... And also the presence of private parking at the hotel .. Also, the high-end reception staff in particular treated the Egyptian and Moroccan brother .. The rooms are spacious and the cleaning services are excellent. Breakfast lacks change every day knowing that there is a dish every day
Exceptional. As for my comment, I have everything because the hotel is excellent.
Valuable information in an interesting story
Glamorous Buthaina as usual
The fatal flaw. Directly opposite the campus, an elegant buffet, and an excellent calm. Park my car in the parking of pilgrims
Excellent. . Everything is perfect, thank God
Excellent. It&#39;s all right. The location was not easy to reach as I knew the area
Dalal Jazi writes in that language the blade, the language that is able to raise a chair to the sky, she writes her weariness and devours white worms, curtains and the sleeves of dresses and family covers, she writes her pain and becomes grass in public parks a pile of sewing needles, she is sure that the key that was buried in the garden for fear of being stolen Gates will not grow, and their long shadows that crept through the fence do not mean that they are with us, alone able to lock up summer in the apricot jam bottle, and with a salty tear that fell from it as it writes, on a blue ink point, the sea flooded the city
The coffee is delicious, not boiled eggs, I tried Mocha, its bitter flavor was delicious, and the cappuccino did not play down with hazelnut. I tried white mocha berry sweet, but it is not the only defect in Halkovi.
He took me to amazing worlds of thinking ... as if the truth that we are escaping from reality and delusion
Saad and Rayan ..... and beauty is a place. The reception is very great, a private pool for each villa, a public garden in the middle of which is a coffee shop, and contains a children&#39;s amusement park and billiard hall. The resort location is very good.
The wise has a philosophical vision in everything. All situations bear projections in the Egyptian case at the time and in our case, even though the book is written from a time ago.
Any olive that we had, and any olive that we have become, we were not more than home from the streets olive also,, I see the olive in the street trembling cold, so take off my coat and cast it on .... Street olives. Despite the sudden transition between the times, I lived through the details of the novel moment by moment in pain and sadness, sorrow, loss and imagination that took me very far from my world between the writer&#39;s words ... Salwa, which symbolizes Palestine ... raped by its closest people before they handed it over and sold to the stranger .. Six Zainab, Lina, Lina&#39;s madness, Khamis love for that madness, and their singing together the singing that confused that policeman. We Arabs are brave ... the characters of the novel, its description and its symbolism attracted me a lot. A somewhat mysterious novel, but it is very wonderful .. Great for those who feel it for those who have lost a martyr, and for everyone who suffers a painful silence on those occupied countries, whether Palestine or other countries that were violated and let down from near before the distant. ...
Great hotel. Everything except the bathroom. The toilet is small
Gorgeous . Everything is excellent for honesty, and I love to thank Professor Ahmed Ibrahim, God willing. Nothing for honesty
The news is sweeter with the plaza. Yeah. nothing
Affected by reading is my habit .. But for the first time it comes to my mom to feel the extent of my influence and ask me to have mercy on myself and leave it. . Glory to the human mind.
A wonderful writer who deserved poker so well and he has come back to prove that .. I liked his move brilliantly between two time periods exactly as he did in the leg of the bamboo .. But this time the novel is so realistic that I could not bear it and felt all the pain and events as if I were the daughter of this country . His predictive look is frightening and disturbing ... Is it possible to reach this point ?? Is there a way to go back ?? Is there an end to this story ... or will Ayoub and his partner continue to run away ?? ..... Are mice coming ??
The most beautiful hotel. Good reception, quick response, cleanliness, restaurant, breakfast, near campus, good room. nothing
Turki al-Hamad did not impress me, as it impressed me in the first two parts of this three-way death, Al-Shumaisi, in the catapults. Many philosophy, beliefs, and ideas were collected and presented with slow pace of events, and provoked me at length over the divine self a lot. But its end was very impressive, as none of Hisham Al-Aber&#39;s past in Dammam or Riyadh remained the same before entering prison, and that was only in three years.
He died even a thing in himself. One of the best numbers written by Khaled Tawfiq for Fantasia in general, while reading, you meet yourself comfortably with Abeer for the childhood of Sibawayh and very smoothly you forget the existence of Sibueh and he retired about two or three seasons with Hebron bin Ahmed Al-Farahidi and with the same ease as referring to the story of Sibueh, the skirmishes because of his Persian origin, the issue The hornet, Abeer Bey and his marriage get stuck .. The book of the book and all the events that follow it, and you are not able to give up the novel .. One of the most wonderful things that Khaled Tawfiq wrote in general
I have nothing but bowing to your creativity. I cannot help but lifting the hat to your genius. The novel Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa it is fabulous Thank you very very very
One of the best books on reading is highly recommended
Distinctive hotel apartments. The location is very excellent.
These are the messages of God to us ... The real small play, with the few words of Saeed Ibn Jubair, and I arrived at the same time completely. And the fact that the play is written and represented for the first time in detention, it is wonderful fact:. And what is similar today to yesterday? A corrupt ruler of a dictator opened the bow from the first ruler of Egypt, except that God willed him to close only a few. Corrupt aides are suffering injustice, and if they are unconscious or satisfied with it, the officer dressed like the victorious, who has no sin, my eyes .. Emotion his bitterness is lost. A footnote to the hypocritical or silent about the truth and in time became like most people, unfortunately. Of course, I was surprised that Al-Qaradawi Al-Faqih wrote plays. And this link is my voice for the play. : //. / / ...
Excellent. Attention to the guest, cleanliness, air conditioning, parks and restaurants in it, and its proximity to the famous Arab restaurants chain and its proximity to the metro. The presence of pork in the breakfast meal, as it is not suitable for Muslims and supports the lack of desire to enter the restaurant, especially if breakfast is required
Assuming that death is against life, according to the dictionary of Lisan Al-Arab, this narration tells about all of this through Aisha, where Aisha searches for life but chooses death as a solution to her problem, which is the best, shortest and most effective for everyone who goes through her condition .. Aisha is at her best at the beginning The novel, then continues to descend until it reaches the underworld that you wish for, or the world that you think it has reached, a selfish, primarily selfish person, who loves to write and exaggerates everything accordingly .. As usual, Buthaina Al-Issa chooses personalities that are in us, I mean that each of us Aisha, as she was before, who thought she was talking too much And I would like to tell them that a book like this is not a novel, I consider it as separate texts that flow in the same subject and in the same basic idea, but as a novel based on many events, accelerating, interesting, knot, plot, and so on, I do not think. . Not suitable to pass the time and fix the damaged mood, she herself will steal the time and the mood will be corrupted, so choose the appropriate time for her .. Quotes :. Today my life has begun to lose its fake and become more real, it has become less empty and more impossible. The color of life is radiant black, and its only meaning is death. I write because things are no longer understood, or explainable, and I, frankly, are not interested in their interpretation, but I nonetheless suggest a surrender and helplessness, this world is more crazy than I thought ... loneliness is the only certain thing, real, in this life. I do not write, I just refuse the nonsense of the world, I want to be more pure when I leave, lighter and resemble his spirit .. perhaps .. I may come into contact with him there in the light. I am writing this evening, and my heart is heavy. Hushful on memory as it overflows with stolen moments .. I do not write, I refuse to just nonsense of the world, I want to be more pure when I leave, lighter and resemble his spirit .. Maybe .. I may come in contact with him there in the light. I write either standing on the edge of the world, or I never write. Writing takes me to the definitions of what I dreamed of, whenever I decided to write about my life, about what happened and what is happening, it fills me with existence and overflows the world, and writing becomes more ambiguous. I am enlightened in writing, lining up for it, and writing as if my heart is inked. Death is our always postponed end. I didn’t know that the dead were so many. Your tragedy is vast, death, everyone intimidates you and you do not have friends, people avoid you as if you were leper, people fly from your memory and everyone contemplates your satire .. It was better for them to think about your virtues, and to ponder your praise as I do .. death. I want to go out into the world and experience life in a slight, primitive and simple way, to experience sleep, death is no longer disturbing for some reason. I don&#39;t want to go back, I don&#39;t want to feel heavy again, I don&#39;t want to be a woman again, I don&#39;t want to be bereaved again, I don&#39;t want to be again. I write and my body is full of bliss and I will not have to go, this writing, the writing of sorrow, is pure luxury for those who have no time, I must go on writing, and set my pain aside. Quite simply I was not enough, neither I nor this world. Death is the cause, and art is the result. There is no temptation for life, I admit, and such recognition would frighten an entire country. When you die you are certain of your death, but in life, you are alive but you are dead, and if death is always the death of another person, then life is always somewhere else. We have a superstitious ability to continue to be surprised with utter naivety, and to stupidly reinvent the same question: How can life be so cruel. A person waits to really die until he knows death, but he will not know him completely, just as the living person will not know life completely, the one who will never fully understand existence. If the world is not ready to hear me, this is his problem, but for me, I will write anyway, I will write things that no one will read .. Having a sharp awareness of your death means that you do not agree to many of the things this world gives you for the purpose of your pain. Her soreness exposes her and her voice is cracked, but she still smiles. You did not cut an artery .. But you cut hope, and I do not see a difference between the two.
Faith is an association without which no human group can exist. Not to say in every prayer, join the rows and stand behind the imam. Not to make a single voice in the Kaaba and we repeat Amin. So why do we disperse these scattered after this, as we do not know each other and may fight nations and sects A deep book has a wonderful significance
Best vacation. excellent. nothing
Mourning is not in what we wear, but in what we see. It lies in our view of things. The eyes of our heart can be in mourning .... and nobody knows that ... how much I enjoyed many of the sentences expressed in this narration. A very interesting novel .. I loved it and liked the course of its events. Especially her end..I was very pleased with her
Wonderful is Farouk Ajweda in his writings and poems.
The luxury of hotel and the luxury of ethics for the nice receptionist. For the hotel’s luxury and cleanliness, I thank the receptionist, the sister, Latifa, for her manners and services, because she promoted my reservation for Deluxe at the price of my previous reservation. nothing