If this novel was worthy of the five stars, the boring verbosity of a star would have diminished from it, and some rude expressions and phrases with unexplained sexual suggestions would have detracted from another star, then the lack of clarity of the idea, purpose and goal would come; then the end would go to the third star. And if he deserves a star for the humorous compilation of the limit of black comedy in his newspaper excerpts, and another for innovation in the idea of individual and marital chapters .. In short: a novel I will not remember anything from after I have finished reading it, and I will never think of reading it again.
Very weak. Close to the campus ........ but there is a difficult sortie for the elderly. everything
very bad . The presence of a grocery store and a laundry. Air conditioners do not work as required. The brushes are very tired. There is a bad smell inside the building. There are no special parking spaces
The price of the agreement changed upon arrival at the hotel. .
Weak. . I asked to cover the accompanying children and they did not respond to me on the pretext that there is no bathroom shoe that they cannot replace forever. The Internet is for two people only for each apartment. You cannot contact the external restaurants. The bed has noisy sounds.
Stayed again. Excellent breakfast. The staff treated the room and reception services very poorly and modestly
Whims of sectarian conflict interests. And the rise of individualism, followed by the absorption. In desires. Each team raises flags that say something other than what they do. The result is wars between the owners of one sect and one principle. One religion. As if Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud was predicting this madness that is escalating. Day after day . In his charming style, he recites the future. And trying to solve the big puzzle. The human puzzle. ..
A dull link from the left wailing to conspiracies depicted by illusions. The writer can only intercede with his non-vulgar language and a few situations that combined alienation and wit at the same time. Other than that, the novel is bad in its nicest description
What works. bad. Municipal fees and maps
I do not know why I did not complete the novel..maybe it is because it is Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq and it seems that it is a convincing reason, so I find that I have already finished it .. Bored. I do not know if it is located in the poor and simple neighborhoods of Egypt, but it is disgusting .. It seems that I will keep Dr. Ahmed in Egyptian novels for the pocket only.
I regret living in it. Dislike bad bad thing. Its location and furniture are poor and the walls of the rooms are bleak
Indifference . . I arrived at the hotel and was received by an employee. The hotel coldly told me that there is no reservation in your name and you should contact Bocking Company knowing that he reads the reservation number on my mobile
The only whiteness we hope for. The only white in which we unite. Shroud whites. . He desires to be who he was not. . He felt that the death of God would have mercy on him, and he was suffering a lot from illness
I finished the novel and a sweeping feeling of remorse eats me to read it, a novel that only has the best cover. A traditional love story full of lust, darkness, repetition and betrayal is repeated in the corridors of relationships almost every day and does not deserve to be documented at all, or to be a start in the art of the novel by a creative writer like Muhammad Al-Salem. It is a pure message devoid of dialogue from the aesthetics of the language and many spelling and grammatical errors abound. Insertion of fabricated betrayal and Diala to end the love story. Also, I offer you a yearning for sympathy. So the audience for this business and its sales are teenagers only. But I give it the first two stars for some beautiful compositions and other images for the cover.
The philosophy of judgment, destiny, and a direct or free man is an interesting point in this novel
Before any writer begins, he writes, obligated, at least, reads, how to write a short story, and about the technical construction of the story, plot, characters, and topics that the story deals with. First of all, the topic is absolutely uncomfortable. The jinn and the shrewdness. Mmmm, this topic is pure in a dead story before that. There is no objection to writing about it again or tenth, but the method has no pure suspense. Characters are shallow and there is no need for me to follow them. I was amazed that in other parts of this story, it was possible to get rid of the first part. Honestly, I would feel frustrated if I read the rest of the parts and I don&#39;t want to know what will happen after that. I did not enjoy and thanks
After this book. I have the balance of Al-Osaili
Like most of Naguib Mahfouz’s works, the place in that novel represents the main hero in which the main axes of the novel are centered, and the events are located inside Al-Asha street, with fines and emotional events between the multiple heroines of the novel and whoever chooses their heart .. the novel was in the beginning and until just before the end it goes well but the events The last one made my evaluation drop to only two stars, so it seems that Badriya’s people lost their ability in the end to finish the novel, so their entire mission became to fill the chapters and give ends to the heroes inappropriately with what came in the introduction, so the end came very weak and fading .. the idea of the novel in its entirety is good but came Badri treatment Her badly and here raises my question as usual, how did this novel to the list of poker even if they are long?
It is not easy for the age that was lost in the reading of the novel, except that I miss a little Omar, too, so I write Rai, warn it about what he thinks he reads ... Firstly, the writer is a transgressor, I myself did not meet her far from the opinion of the law in it, and speaks in a manner that is not appropriate for our master Azrael And about the idea of death and life ... I would have accepted this talk, if we would consider it a deep philosophical view from the inside and I would look at it wisely..but unfortunately, there are no excesses that are not acceptable and a narration of the stories of its literary construction, i.e. words and there is no message in the other ... what left me angry Writes on it from the masterpieces of Arabic literature:. One star to avoid zero. The first book in Alach
Very weak. . Place of the hotel
Beautiful even surprising .. I doubt that the author went deep into psychology so that he could explore the depths of the hero’s personality and present it with such precision.
And we took from philosophy other than philosophy
The shawarma teacher lands his finger in the pickled moai to pull the shawarma paper
Mr. Lui, the reception manager gives you a thousand well-being, and the rest is not. The reception manager Louie is the only person who gave value to stay at the hotel. He did many things to please me and to please more than one hotel guest in front of me, giving him a thousand well-being. There is no training for the staff at all, there is no observer for maintenance at the end, they need a lot of services, such as an excellent coffee shop, as the existing is very poor.
After completing the reading of Nabati, I felt that Youssef Zaidan had stolen Azazel’s narration from one of them, or that he relied only on his fame, describing it as boring and without purpose or pointless and interpolation of historical figures as well without taste or color in short.
Not for negligence and exploitation. The location of the hotel. The service is not free, the service is very, very weak, the room reservation was not confirmed, which prompted us to wait for a long time.
The style is good, I do not deny that .. But I have notes: The fate of all the characters in the end was childish and utterly absurd .. It is unreasonable to write a novel that transcends the page and then does not leave any of the characters of the novel in the end alive but one person ... It is not reasonable that they all died in the end ... Another very strange thing is that the number of those who were killed in the novel is more than the number of the characters of the novel, and it is not a matter of diligence on the idea of this seriously ... the extreme exaggeration in mentioning the details of each anomaly contained in the novel. A file for every character that has all the information about it so that when it moves the character in the events of the novel, the movement and speech remain based The information he recorded in this file, but it is wrong to tell the reader all these details .. The atmosphere of the gangs of this gang, disgust and torture remained an old fashion and in order to write in it, a new idea must be inserted into the novel and this did not happen here .. But the writer from the literary side has a talent for a midwife To evolve without a doubt ...
s . We recently had technology that we called nanotechnology, that is, miniature technology, which allowed a huge amount of advantages in a tiny mobile phone, and because those who made this amulet outweigh us a lot of technology, they may have more accurate and smaller technology .. Maybe a microtechnology, or something similar ????? . Nano is smaller than micro. Micro. Nano. :
The hotel, every year, gets worse than the year before. Price only. Poor hygiene and the lack of provision of buses for the campus, the furniture is old, and the bathroom needs cleanliness
Here is a rich and enriching material for a novel that could have been very important and important .. but it got lost in the crowd. I wrote about it in detail here. : //. / ...
Weak. . High price and poor room
It seems that the shortest way to defend myself is to deny being a beaver .. take off my skin the fur that is not mine .. and remove the teeth that did not bite off anything useful
I went out of my name looking for another hotel. Its location is close to the services. The bathrooms are not clean, the beds are old and the water boiler is not clean
I did not understand much of its significance and for me it was very boring, perhaps even more interesting after the accident. But what I received from it is that it revolves around the separation of man from his reality and his flight from it when he is not able to face life and its burdens from here and here the model appears through dealing with narcotic substances in its various forms and types to the protagonists. I liked the shift in the character of Anis, the owner of the buoy after the accident, and I also liked the conflict that Mahfouz presented between conscience and misinformation. I think that enjoying it does not come from the first time you read it and it takes times to indulge in the heart of the meaning to be conveyed
The most precious and sweeter a thousand times in vernacular poetry supervised satire, unlike Omar Taher
Something very. Lifts are available. There are mosquitoes or mosquitoes in the bedroom and the toilet, the toilet is tight ,, the sink does not drain the water, bad smell ,, the bed cover is torn blanket ,, narrow rooms
A nice book by Dr. Mostafa Mahmoud, but unfortunately I did not enjoy reading it .. Unfortunately there were many expressions and reflections that I had difficulty understanding, perhaps because it is one of the first mystical books that I have read .. But this book needs another opportunity and another careful reading in If the person had a background of Sufism.
Actually, the problem is that the story is woven police. ..The story that has a relationship to medicine does not belong except that its characters suffer from some diseases. .. even the amount of information in it is less than the first and second narratives, whether medically or publicly. .
I do not recommend it. nothing. everything
I liked the smooth style of the book, full of feelings and personal thoughts, as if you see the author in his quest for psychological peace, and he excelled in moving between events during the first chapters, as if he was telling a novel, not a personal biography. However, I found an increased liberation trend, even if it was somewhat hidden at the beginning of the book, and it appears little by little to appear more clearly in the chapter of my beloved and the Brotherhood .. I did not know what the Brotherhood or religious groups had to do with the author’s grains, nor with the position that he afflicted with a nodule in his boyhood, which he subjected to severe punishment or torture He also calls him a sin that he did not commit, which made him wait for punishment whenever he felt the feelings of the opposite sex. As for his sexual fantasies and his surprise at the tendency of religion that tries to curb instincts and accuse Islam of insulting women and making them a vessel for sex and pleasure, it is a funny accusation that raises compassion, not anger. Women in Islam are the bowl of creation, not the bowl of desire. It is the mother of society and its first educator. It does not give birth to men in order to build the state. Rather, it builds men and women to build each of them what they build. The issue is not who stays at home and who goes out to the world. This perception is clear. There must be someone who seeks to seek livelihood, and there must be someone who means at home and children, there is no preference for a role on a role in its importance for the continuation of life. The two roles are like feet, one walks with them. If one of them is left, you find him walking lamely, or unable to walk at all. God has assigned women what makes them better than a thousand A man at home and upbringing. There are many studies that whenever a woman is away from home, even partially, as the whole family, including themselves, especially children, Islam is innocent of those who suffer from suppression, and the reason for suppression is originally Adam’s first sin. Knowing what is premature. If you hadn&#39;t read my lord, unless you should read it, The lava of desire was your heartburn and all that you suffer from is just a natural inclination of the soft sex and I do not see what hurts so do not throw someone with your guilt or the guilt of your company .. and we collide with an exceptional case of generalization and interpretation The writer gives himself the right to interpret and interpret everything around his mind only without any research attempt at all, and this is evident in the chapter of my life that was not because his sheikh and members of the Brotherhood deceived him in his voice and he called him a beautiful voice and then the shock came when he discovered from specialists that it is not so and that the voice It is not enough, because it is necessary to follow the rules, and in that it was indicated that art does not exist with the Brotherhood, and chants are the dull alternative to songs. Dear, it is clear in this chapter that you are duplicated in your education, which led to what you are in. How can a child combine the teachings of art forbidden and his mother begins her day with songs every day and appears Clear again in the next chapter, the question culture It is for my age a strange chapter in which the author talks about the questions of atheism and their doubts about creation, which is funny, dear, saying that you left the Brotherhood a year and not that a quick search on any search engine can answer all your questions without exception, I see an unusual tendency to attract confusion and pain in a very small position as it is You never demanded that you be like Osama, Abu Bakr and Omar as you claim, but take their biography as a lantern that illuminates your life for you, not to live their lives and remain a phrase. One of the strangest expressions of this chapter and explain water after a For an effort with water, but is it required to search for and reinforce weaknesses, or to judge a generation educating the cartoon and Mickey by death and that he will not come out of them who will restore the glories of the past? The generalization appears in its most extreme way in summarizing the brothers, this strange group whose youth struggle to line up championships of light and sometimes greasing even that you doubt their faith and their belonging to the personalities of its elders and friends. A naive villager dazzled by the city lights. That ancient franchise describes the following chapter precisely, which is the first thing that comes to mind, and I did not find it more accurate despite the attempt: Let us assume an argument that the brothers of his village, such as what these guardians mentioned about the creation of religion, how can this govern a group scattered in all villages. Once again, Brotherhood brothers are closer to the liberals and often leave the group ???? As for poverty is related to God, it is a very funny saying, as the general Muslim Brotherhood is rich or at least not non-poor, and they are, according to your words, calling for proximity to God. Then he performs the prayer, which prayer is this? Then our writer, Al-Hammam, questions his new world and the difference between it and the world of the Brotherhood. You did not release the characteristics of your commitment, my dear, as I mentioned in a page. Rather, I divorced all of your commitment, just as the wine was not described as a blessing, and it is the mother of all sins. As a natural consequence of what was mentioned in the previous chapters, we reach a dead end with the dear writer. Now we return to the doubt of atheism. I do not dare to accuse a person of atheism, but the words of the atheist and their skepticism about everything are unmistakable. So I talk about, not about people, and emboldened them on the sheikhs and scholars whose Muslims believe that their flesh is poisoned by those who sinned and whoever afflicts. This may God preserve your mind because you did not listen to it and this narrow-mindedness allows some knowledge reluctantly, and this we will not find the truth because it specializes in making jokes. Rather, the general Salafists alienate those without a beard who attends their mosque? . Conclusion:. Despite the great style of the writer, I find that I disagree with him altogether. The Brotherhood is not angels without mistakes, but they are certainly not the gang that the writer describes. Even if they need clearer evidence than the reader thinks and relies on his mind alone. So having one star.
Slow, boring, bland at times but I nevertheless had some fun.
The location is just excellent. Best of all, I did you suspect that it was almost half past eight in the morning. Housekeeping service for a period of days has not been done once, despite the placement of a sign on the door of the room every stay. More than three times, the receptionists were contacted for television, and without furniture. The furniture was worn out, old and dirty stains.
Very weak. I did not like anything. The hotel is one of the worst hotels in which it has treated female Filipino employees. Very, very first experience and last experience. I will not repeat it. I advise everyone not to live in this hotel.
It does not rise to the hoped for. Unfortunately, I did not like anything. Failure to adhere to poor hygiene, low beds, poor sleep, there is poor drinking water for reception staff, and they have no knowledge of caring for the inmate.
He only commented on my memory from Aftab al-Hakim, without which the novel would have fallen.
The book is a waste of time .. Shisha cafe and a young man of different names
Finally, after two months, I finished it .. The concerns of life are unpleasant, love keeps you far from the best of the companions ... The weirdness of jasmine .. At first glance you feel that the heroine is called Yasmine..and that the story of the novel is centered on travel and its west.. .. The important thing .. Praise be to God for the blessing of Islam .. But I have criticism before I admire the novel .. Islam is a valuable and sound religion that logically corresponds to the mind and heart .. But .. in writing we must rebel ... to separate ourselves from our beliefs .. We denote our principles ... contradict ourselves ... did not satisfy me with the true and idealistic religious belief that was presented in the novel .. I did not see anything new ... I did not see a rebellion .. some Hand in hand of the events, but whenever the novel directs you to the religious trend, it seems to me that I read one of the strict religious books .. I accepted this thing in a novel in my heart, a female Hebrew, because the heroine Nada is moving from one religion to another .. However, here I could not accept this ideal .. She also did not appreciate the naivety of Yasmine .. Although she was crucified in positions, but when she was in a confrontation with one of the French, she was weakened and plumped on her tears .. This was not appropriate for his hero, she lived conditions and will live a stranger ... Omar .. she got up from his first rule Ali Raneem .. For a while after he was at the top of the list of wonderful logical intellectuals Agree with Oqlah and his thought ... Haitham is from his irrational idealism .. Fares Maghour does not exist for him .. and Raneem liked me among all the characters ... Generally ... I do not deny the existence of the magical moments in the novel, but it is perhaps some thing lacks realism. I do not know how to describe, but the novel was of a traditional Islamic nature, a search that opened up to boredom and cynicism ... I will not go long but I felt what I felt when I read the story of my beloved, the dumb ending. It was weak in the form of my feelings for the writer ... I hope to see a rebellion against the writer&#39;s pen, but unfortunately ... Finally, goodwill does not produce an amazing novel ... In all its aspects, it was a pleasant experience and I recommend it, and it did not satisfy me.
Strange that the novel and took him a huge Jizah. There are sentences in this genius, but the novel is not wonderful
A bad experience . . Entry was too late due to lack of availability
Normal . Cleanliness. Price and deal
The C Hotel .. is annoying .. especially the cleaning lady who lived in the hotel for two days. I could not sleep in the morning due to loud noise and disturbance. Because of the woods that occur between the Zbayin. And hotel responsibility. The rooms are fading the bathroom. not clean . Al-Kafi Shabo, the price of cavalry ... and the staff ask for a tip
Perhaps it is the beginning, or the simple narrative flow, or the mere fact that this novel is a candidate for the Poker Award, which made me complete it to the end, to find it a weak story not because of its intense focus on sexual impotence only for the hero of the story, but because it did not distinguish the other aspects that cause this impotence represented by By persuading oppression, tyranny and marginalization, we follow the hero of the story in his adventure, to discover that he is a weak and unsuccessful personality, but for some reason we do not understand him or find him justified, he is a loved person by all, women, relatives and friends, who rush to help him on all occasions. .. is weak in character, helpless, devoid of A. In any kind of culture, he has no ambition, no goals, no compass, and he cannot explain his sexual impotence, which is clearly a natural product of all cases of oppression and injustice that he went through during the different stages of his life .. Is such a model worthy of a novel, and does such a novel deserve a nomination
disappointing. Good treatment of the staff .. Breakfast is modest and very limited. Transfer service to the sanctuary is very poor and in an old car suitable for workers and not guests.
Usually, after the end of a book that you can review review, except Haruki books, nothing can be said
A very light book .. Articles how many he described in the beginning, express only his opinion without any studies or research on the topics he spoke about
I found it boring..I just liked Halim&#39;s character, and she is the only person with whom I found depth. As for the rest of the characters, I found her to be statues that I did not go in ... The beautiful thing in the novel is the classical, rich and respected Arabic language ... as the writer is one of the few who own the reins of the language
A biography that tells the details of the writer’s trip to Paris without any literary style or any image of beauty, just an account of events that I did not enjoy and did not like
The novel completely exhausted me .. Some of the discussions that took place between Nael and Mirage, which I did not understand and did not know what she was talking about .. I liked the style. This is the second novel that I read for Jabra .. I loved Nael’s character and was very sad about her .. She didn’t suggest to Mirage that she is a patriotic person .. I felt that the end was ridiculous and that he wanted to put the Palestinian issue in the novel hashishraaa without this place being
It is an article in which Ali Al-Tantawi, a message of advice for girls, is sent. My comment on the style of advice, despite Tantawi saying at the beginning of his article. We have written and called for morals to be erased, for corruption to be wiped out and desires descended until pens are filled with us, tongues are filled and nothing has been done. And we are still denounced, but the evils increase, corruption spreads, and traps and pitfalls reveal his strength and expand his circle and extend from country to country. Even there was no Islamic country in what I counted as having escaped. Except that he followed the usual and refined method, and did not bring new things that affect the souls and stop the expansion of corruption. The reason for this is the honor of the Sheikh, because he uses this method, which is repeated, and does not come close to the reality of girls and young people, with an eye for reality and objective study, when when she addresses the girl he is portrayed to her that all young people are monsters that they only want to offend, and when he addresses the young man, imagine that he is the girl It is nothing but a means that it carries to disobedience, even in its saying ... this general representation ... which is repeated almost daily in our broadcasts, over the years without change or renewal ... will not have an effect. No matter how much the intentions of the reform rise, the voice of those who called us on the radio stations rose up, and their pens were written on the papers .... I quote him this saying: I do not address the youth and do not aspire to listen to me, and I know they may respond to me and silence my opinion, because I deprive them of the pleasure of what they believed that they had They really reached it. Longing to read: My son? How is the type of letter addressed to them if: /
The name also attracts the definition to the end of the book, but the content is provocative. On the one hand, Makkash is only after a tired heart, how many stances his dumb sweetheart has for her. The book drew our attention correctly to the need for a machine that we would be dumb to, the dumb people, and the people, how do you refuse them to accept it as usual: /. I liked his recipe and expression of his love for her, which is very important. And my stars only count as his expression. The cover is also sweet. It was under it, a little bit outside, that I had to show it, my lips inserted it, we give you the air ... On the contrary, I was naughty, from sweet to beige, along with these clips
I could never complete it.
I did not like anything. Only the site is good. The rooms are not clean, the bedspreads were dirty, and had stains on the room
disappointing. . I rented the hotel several times and it was ok ,, except this time I was allocated a bad room and its cleanness is not that good ,, the open buffet does not taste good in all items ..
I do not like stories that are written without a clear goal .. Most stories start well, events follow in a way that promises a good story, then suddenly ends up to nothing .. just gossip and narration of situations without end highlighting the goal of that long narration .. one star and I hope That our book realizes the difference between an open end and a truncated end
The worst hotel in the world. nothing.
Weak. . The price is too exaggerated, very clean, very miserable
I did not expect that from you ... Scorsese, I am not a film critic ... I am not an expert in this great professional industry ... but I am simply a good connoisseur, and I may be average compared to many who are proficient in reading between the lines, translating cinematic visions and revealing the hidden . I have followed the news of the movie since Scorsese announced that he will be directing a film with 3D imaging technology, and I felt that the great director will conquer the world and turn the film industry back. I went to the theater full of enthusiasm from what I read about the great cinematography that was embodied in the creativity of Scorsese and his return of glory to the seventh art through his latest works, which was apparently a candidate to win all the Oscars .. But I was disappointed after the first third of the film .. I will not list the details of the movie nor the obvious mistakes in linking the elements of the story, but I am overwhelmed by trying to encapsulate the idea with a character that is not appropriate for her at all. Perhaps the viewer is fascinated by the technology of 3D photography, the movement of gears, the historical Parisian atmosphere, and the photography sites that radiate stories and adventures, but I simply found it exaggerated cover, it put me in an atmosphere of fantasy at the beginning, but soon the trains steam that Fade in with sailing movie details. And Scorsese also found exaggeratingly trying to introduce many parallel stories about the main story, including two naive love stories that did not add anything to the plot, especially some scenes and soundtracks that do not exceed seconds and find them ineffective at all events. I may be crazy, but I was astonished by those who wrote articles and poems in a work that I barely see as normal. And I will wait for another creativity from him .. I hope he is soon
His surface was wasted by my ambition in it
A very bad novel .. Frankly, I lost the money I paid
I don&#39;t like pure love stories, free of anything but love. The heroine is so stupid. The hero is very pushy
When I finish a book without feeling that I left a friend, this does not always mean that the book is not good, but it means that for me it was an inappropriate book, perhaps it was a mistake at the time when I read the book or otherwise all I can say is that I did not enjoy this book unfortunately. Perhaps the main reason why I did not like the book was the large number of unnecessary characters, the writer wanted to tell us more than one Afghan family, but in my opinion, he was unsuccessful, and rather, the large number of characters made each person lose their right to the book, for example Abdullah at the beginning of the book felt that his story would be the main only I was surprised that Abdullah was not mentioned in most parts of the book .. in weightlifting Madeleine and next I remember that I read their two parts of the book reluctantly that I never enjoyed and never care about them or their story and their fate .. In my opinion, if Khaled Hosseini focused on fewer personalities and gave her the right to it the book would be better then it is in terms of idea and language A beautiful book .. I did not regret reading this book because of the Romi quotes found in it I decided to read the poems of Jalaluddin Rumi, which made me more curious about him, so I looked for any documentary or any discussion about his character to read and fell in love with his poetry and words to an endless extent . A star for Rumi. And a star for the beautiful language
The woman struck a scientific miracle and a cure for her masochism, which is inherent in nature, the woman who attains abnormal leadership positions, creativity and innovation is a man&#39;s type, the king of the right is a wonderful and beautiful thing. The stupid infidel, some of the pearls that come out of this monster ...
A hot mold for fans of Ahmed Al-Saqqa..his name is the waiter and after a long wait..the heated mold of Ahmad Al-Saqqa is followed by a shower in films this summer .. without intending..this film pays more success in the interest of black honey by Ahmed Helmy..khali From Tahina, filming from January and a million pounds of expenses .. and production companies .. Oscar, victory, diamond and justice, a movie..and Menna Fadli donated her wages ... and violent differences between the director and the producers are productive..not the producer and the distributor Mohamed Hassan Ramzy Abu Najm, the stars of Arab and African cinema, Al Pacino, Egypt, Sherif Ramzi, who is seen in the shower channels, they are bored of every need in the world..wala..and not so..no .. Khaled Nabawi Bastrt not to put his name on the Alavi .. Ayeyiaaier ..aah O workers his men godfather and not the Titanic? Dear viewer, lover Ahmed El-Sakka..Wear the standards of cinema in Egypt..to the day above with the Yaqoubian building, and the night of the baby countries, and tell you, Shahrazad, Hassan, and Mark .. and the day of Karkar, Bobos, and those who seek freedom .. This film is included in the category of acceptable Only technically acceptable compared to the Egyptian cinema market for years..and weak compared to the stardom and stature of Ahmed El-Saqa..Khalid Al-Nabawi played a distinguished role and starred in his role in a striking way..and his charism if it was not sensed before..it is now flared up. Bravo&#39;s grandfather..Pravo ... so ridiculous..is the defense of Saqqa desperate for everything even if it is bad..very rarely admits wrong or failure..if I saw him in a meeting with a symposium m You can say that it is a flash of grinding and twirling ... Ahmed El Sakka will remain Ahmed El Sakka, May Selim surprised us with good actress capabilities..the best of acting is better than singing in stages..and I wish our ears would have mercy on their possibilities in all A television and radio meeting .. Because she feels so hard that she sings the ruins of Nidal Al Shafi’i..She passes from success to greater success..Pravo..The director Ahmed Saleh..The director of what is said to be a rigid director..and Al-Fusha’s good is high .. but in this film It is acceptable .. And for one who is accustomed, it takes from seven to seven and a text of ten in creativity, not directing..nu..creativity, when he takes a quarter and remains a defect in his right .. Meaning .. the film had a near-frozen rhythm for a period of one hour .. the film lasted two hours and seven minutes .. Tahina would have been different if it had been two hours, but ten minutes .. seriously .. and this would take us to the editor .. absent from the issue..if if it were The director himself .. has flaws in the .. As for the photography..what was between acceptable and good..and in the last scenes I felt that the picture is not sweet..and if it was with a digital camera..then it was enlarged and combined with the rest of the material Photography .. The dramatic plot is sticky and greasy .. Medhat Al Adl did not improve it well. The word is not a hint of casting, it is amazing..Each horse is a prophecy..decoration..sweet..fights..and not so much..but she eats meaning and salvation..al Basically if I am From the audience .. Ahmed Sakka overall result. From
Troubles in Troubles .. Perhaps the only benefit from this book is that I will avoid any title for a future visit .. but it is the long and arduous journey of reading that any young writer must take, with its relief and fatty, with its sweet and bitter .. Just ask God for perseverance over religion and belief
disappointing. Signed from Al-Raqqa Street. Discomfort due to the noise of nightclubs and luggage is somewhat worn out
Since I saw the first series, and since it is a state, it will not be repeated as much as the real book.
I do not recommend reading it
A group of tweets, stats or phrases in a satirical form. A good start for a small writer, but I hope next time I read a better need
If I read the book from four years ago, but I would be dazzled and loved it, but tomorrow, four years, most of the speech will not be logical.
disappointing. . The rooms are very small, there are no toiletries, sewing supplies, shoe cleaning, and the hotel is dismal for families
One star, I did not like books so much, perhaps because I am not one of those who can easily change them with words, except for the chapter in which body language is spoken. I enjoyed it very much and started doing tests for those around me.
Ahlam Mostaghanemi is a Gulf series director in a parallel life, a bad novel.
Novel impressions of Amr El-Gendy. Amr El-Gendy is really adorable and does not claim that like many books .. The rhythm of the novel is really slow, perhaps it will not be an exaggeration if you mention the suspicion of stretching and lengthening, a pale example of this is that David writes a paper for Peter, we read it, then after several pages, Peter comes, and reads it in full Let&#39;s read it again, too. A starker example: Imagine: only six full pages for David to move from the doctors ’locker room to Patrick Plummer&#39;s hospital room. I do not know why a novel written in Arabic does not have one Arab hero among its heroes? Even the names are Western, does it warrant that the subject is somewhat advanced from the point of view of the author Secodrama, so that his view is that the Arab land cannot tolerate a subject of this progress? .. It falls in America .. Is this an inferior view of our Arab world, or am I exaggerating? The author made an effort to reckon with in preparing the novel, as this appeared in caring for the places and songs that the characters listen to ... The author was unsuccessful in separating the internal self-talk of David and his audible speech to others, which caused confusion and confusion ... What most disturbed me in this novel is that it Not interesting, there is no event that motivates me to continue reading with longing and humor .. I do not know for sure, does the fact that the novel Seiko Drama warrant that the hysterical visions of the hero interfere with the real events without adequate differentiation from the author ?, Craig Cliffinger ;. He made something like this or the worst author of the novel Dermafuria, but we find, for example, Nikrovila and her author Sherine Hinai; I developed a novel for a psychopath who did not fall into the same confusion as it is here .. There are two ends to the life of Robert&#39;s friend David and responded to the novel, the two ends are incompatible, the first two killing him room R The second, when he fell from the top of the building with a batch of David p .. The writer mentioned several sentences with deep meanings, including: God only helps those who help themselves, our desperate moments are the moments in which we surrender ourselves to. evil .
Everything was. After Azazel&#39;s literary writings, I did not find anything after Azazel, so all I read of him was what I read. The novel contains the depictions of Yusuf Zaidan the Sufi in a phage way. The protagonist of the novel suddenly turned into a man from the biggest mystic until his portrayal of the inner struggle of the hero was not so strong that I did not feel it except in the rare times. Intellectually it would have been much better than a literary novel. But I think that the novel has some advantages on the human side as it shows the diversity of Americans and their belief in human rights. In the first half of the novel you see oppression and brutality in dealing with detainees. As for the second half, you see a great difference in terms of the rights of detainees and caring for them so that you feel that Guantanamo has turned from hell To bliss I do not know the accuracy of this transition made by the writer, but I believe that the voice of humanity often triumphs over the roaring of armor and it is not surprising that we find friends among our enemies. As for the last point in these notes, it is to show the Arab Spring that it is coming on the shoulders of America and the detainees of Guantanamo who have become unfriendly, but friends in their Islamic clothes. The revolution always stems from the womb of the nation, the womb of the people who wants change, as agreed with the writer in the fact that the Islamists were in accord with the Americans and they were the most promising alternative to America&#39;s policy in building a rule with religious backgrounds to preserve their interests, but differed strongly in the proportions of the revolution to Americans and Islamists as if She did them, and I was waiting for a questionnaire from the author’s next novel, as identifying the countries of Tunisia, Egypt, Yemen, Syria and Libya as the spring countries and America was in control or she knew that the revolutions were coming for this country by virtue of its military or that corruption is spread by it is a ridiculous idea from For example, the writer, for example, Algeria and Sudan are military countries, when the writer did not include them in his list, but he is the origin of his intrigue conspiracy theory in the last part of the novel, which we will see his interpretation that sometimes God is in Nora .....
The novel reveals the creativity and intelligence of the author, but he could portray the same social reality and convey the same message without some of the details that amount to banality. The fine text elevates and immortalizes the work
Too bad. Its proximity to the metro station and Al Ghurair Mall. The shower is bad and there are bugs all over the room
Very weak. . Everything is so bad
Completely unsatisfactory. . Everything is required for cash at the same time
The services provided do not exceed five stars and do not equal half of the amount paid. . I didn&#39;t like anything at this hotel other than offering them juices when visitors return from the Noble Sanctuary. Ask the receptionist about how the stay was when I made the check out. The hotel&#39;s basement is very narrow compared to the population. The suite was small and poorly decorated. Everything was a dark blue. The wall is blue. The carpet is blue. The curtains were blue, the place for breakfast was small compared to the number of residents, so that you are waiting for more than a minute, reserve a table, and wait for its cleaning and preparation Breakfast is non-diversified and does not contain spicy food, such as omelette, waffles and dairy cakes. Most of the fruit is canned. Waiting in a long queue to take a cup of tea or coffee. The room sheets were not replaced. Tea bags in the room are not covered by the cross, meaning they are not placed in closed bags.
I do not know what to say, frankly, I have been reading in it months and its whole is complete so I can use it to read all this without knowing the end ... He was pulling a bit and I started it but after what I read with everyone&#39;s insistence that it is beautiful and masterpieces and without no uniforms on a quarter of a gram. I benefited from this opinion: : It can be sweet for people to love this type of story. Do you think I am emigrating to Issam Youssef Tani? At least one year, so I forgot:
I would absolutely not recommend this hotel. . Customer service and internal hotel system
Very weak. . Payment method
I loved you more than i should . Painful, compelling, sad, dear would not have comforted her, rather it would be the opposite to humiliate her. I believe that women are more loyal and more devoted to our affection, so that we may ignore our mind and numb it with delusions that we have created. She was sad and compassionate when it came to everyone, but I say a sentence and say, &quot;Whoever has done so will have to bear the results.&quot; That is, for love that robs me of my dignity and pride, weakens me and humiliates me, and I accept it and forgive him every time. Never was love like this, and if love was not respect then we would not need it
Weak. . The breakfast menu is not diversified
I agreed with some articles. The rest I see as an individual experience that cannot be generalized
Good for children
I consider the larter hunter’s novel to be another type of narration that makes you appreciate what is above it. There was a lot of shackle in its sides. I did not like the repetition of the words nor the symbols used to denote the names. He considered her a short story, whose writer rushed to finish it. Although it did not contain a specific target.
Nice and wonderful novel, I liked the idea of the history of drinking blood ,,,,,,,, but I found the story does not contain a lot of excitement and suspense
The receptionist was not professional The hotel was not bad, they had a nice beach and lots of activities, but I have two comments, first: First, the receptionist was not professional, and it was behaving in a turbulent manner, and secondly, the food was really bad.
The furniture is old and the rooms are small. nothing. Room spaces, hall and services are poor
To respect myself, I will never repeat the visit. Only the building and the decor are good .. and also its proximity to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque ... but unfortunately. The hotel pledged to provide a special position for me, and when I came, he said the positions, they did not provide any with a duble and to play I stopped somewhere close to the hotel, which caused the reservation of the car very rudimentary with the reception staff because he does not know the method of entry procedures and every minute he remembers his paper and requests to bring it, which caused us to delay the login even though we have people Old people deducting an amount for insurance without warning or prior warning the carrier, causing my laptop bag to break, and I just said, &quot;Yes, in general, there is a beautiful building and a beautiful location, but there are a lot of primitive mistakes that hate you in the meeting at the hotel ... This hotel considered it an offense to the Mövenpick hotel chain.&quot;
I do not know why it is classified as poetry which is closer to prose texts ... I liked it about two texts.
In fact, this book is one of the strange books that I read in the first. It was very good and tight, and then entered into mazes to the extent that I complained about my level of understanding. I almost said that the book was for people of their cultural level higher than me and then when I saw the Komnatat, I praise our Lord in people whose opinion of In general, the author thought that a better need would arise from her, if she focused a little on that, thank you
Very weak. . There are no parking spaces, the room is very narrow
In my view, a modest book, boor words, and the vague idea. If not for Alexandrian, I would have given him one star
I would never recommend it. There is nothing worthy of admiration, except for reservation services through this website. ///: Management is very unsuccessful. ///: small rooms, and all the smell is smoke. ///: very old furniture. ///: a very expensive price for something that is not worth it. The worst place to stay.
Very weak. . Too far, I would never recommend it to conservative families
disappointing. The location is good. The bathrooms are very poor and do not clean the apartment very well
The highness of man and animal scorn. And the name of the novel is far from its content.
There are no knives in the kitchens of this city, Khaled Khalifa. Khaled Khalifa is a Syrian novelist and poet from Aleppo .. This is his fourth novels which was nominated for the long list of the Booker Prize. It was published by him: the guard of the deception ... the notebooks of the kirbat ... the praise of hate ... and the last is his most important work at all ... the title came from a phrase asked by a neighbor of the novel family after he killed his wife and two children and then committed suicide: are there no knives in these kitchens City ? A metaphor for the necessity of suicide for those who managed to find a way in this miserable city as a better solution than starvation ... or death from shame. We have a comeback with shame .. Freud was to be very proud of this novel .. Here we find everything destined for sex and this theme or the blatant axis of sex in the novel cannot be ignored .. Here is the mother who comes from a respectable civil family who fines with a rural man who has no place From one look, her love for this was enough for her to search for him in the streets until she met him and he told her that he loves her, but he got engaged and at the request of the family, his cousin. On the other hand, he did not miss that opportunity that came to him on a plate of gold .. He left his cousin .. He was associated with it .. Then he left after he had four children from her to flee with an American woman thirty years older than him .. And here he is her brother Nizar Al-Shad, and her rebellious daughter Sawsan who Khalifa has included us in most of her many sexual experiences for the occasion .. and here is the gift of the committed and veiled girl .. she loves Sawsan .. she even plays lesbian .. and here they are the sheikhs who do not refrain from customary marriage for one night from dancers. And Rashid is suffering from Oedipus complex but with his sister Sawsan who happens to resemble the mother. There is also the party and a successor is trying throughout the novel to describe to us the strange link between the party and that disgust described in the novel elsewhere in Syria .. Another writer can choose another family .. She lives naturally at least sexually and has not seen any of everything mentioned in The novel .. I do not understand why this intense insistence on using the most ugly words while there are acceptable and gentle vocabulary such as: effeminate, prostitute, shit? Really, what is the problem if I use a word of a prostitute instead of one that he keeps repeating from page to page? Would you not perform the desired meaning, for example? Let us try together: She is a prostitute, yes. She works .. and gives the same meaning .. How surprising. It is not the first literary work to talk about homosexuality, for example .. But if we look at another work like chaos of feelings and that clever way from Stephen Zweig to make the reader only have sympathy for the professor who appears to us at the end of the novel as an anomaly. However, how can I sympathize with Medhat, who did not provide a woman who has access to her, and even tried with Sawsan, the niece of his mistress, Nizar ... and did not hesitate to copy it into effect after Nizar was expelled to him ... but he began to feel pleasure in that. One might understand that an individual is born with a sexual defect that can be fixed and that his or her sex is completely differentiated through medicine ... but that it is praise? Then we come to the process of cramming the party into every bad incident that happens with this family, which really amazes me that there is not one individual who can be described as the only one. There is, for example, Michel&#39;s husband, a French homosexual, who divorced Michel for the sake of a thirty-Portuguese man ... Was the party behind it also in another suspicious manner ??. This is a society that a caliph offers us, as there are no misfits .. everyone is a criminal and everyone is a victim .. and everyone is without exception .. adulterers .. traitors .. prostitutes and forbidden boys and girls let alone homosexuals. Then, somehow, this is attributed to the party. One of the things that I found most interesting was Sawsan&#39;s relationship with Jean. And my pause here :. Sawsan is a rebellious girl .. Most likely she did not love anyone .. Like any girl of her age, she liked professor Jean .. He came close to him and seduced him .. However, when it appeared to her that he had been fined and felt weak .. she quietly withdrew. Later, I admired the authority that Munther possesses .. and she started to seduce him as usual .. and she remained with him for three years living with him the lives of husbands .. and to say the life of the master and the servant .. and Munther was the master of course .. and it seems that Munther understood the passion of Sawsan for her attachment to the authority and not him ..For this, and when he realized the extent of his condition being lost in the service of his master in Dubai ... the effect of marrying a girl on the recommendation of the family, not from the fallen Kossan .. At the same time he realizes that he is working for himself well known ... that Sawsan will not be able to connect with a server like him .. Through it you will reach a greater master..and you will leave it for him .. So he left it. After years of loss and oscillation from a reckless girl to a committed girl who raised her virginity to start again .. But she soon returns to her first life ... Finally .. After she realized that the time train is missing her and that she did not give birth, she asked Jean to go out to dinner in A call to return an order you ended long ago. Jean, who shocked him, left him with that cruelty more than twenty years ago, and he spent his life after that among prostitutes, but he was asked to treat him with contempt sometimes and practiced sex that was too late .. To fulfill her dream to bear .. Jean does not show any interest in that in an inconsistent with his personality Submissiveness .. It is he who did not take positions that he described as a free option except when he refused to seek the party, which led to his dismissal from his work .. And when he refused to have anything to do with the Sawsan child. He did not want to be associated with Sawsan at that age .. not after she became after forty .. and not after she left him with such cruelty .. but it seems that he received a late price for dignity .. it did not seem to exist .. we return to the shame .. the shame that you live In it this family .. a bleeding that rests under the disgrace of homosexuality .. and the mother lies under the shame of her wrong choice .. Sawsan, who discovers that the more she tries to get away from her mother, the more she looks more like her .. and Rashid who does not care about anything .. and feels his own shame .. his love To his sister .. The narrator who goes to surrender .. Jean who came to take his share of shame .. Medhat who did not mind descending to the bottom of shame .. and others .. Each has a disgrace ... D ... is the party ... I think that Khalifa wanted to say that all that misfortune is not more evil than the raping of those three to rule this country over these years .. But I also believe that Stephen Zweig crossed and created with endless creativity his disdain for dictatorship in his version of dictatorial violence Which he wrote against Nazism, which was at the beginning of its rise in Europe. Dictatorship violence is a work in which you can read and integrate sympathetically on the victim Servet and enjoy in the wonderful political discourse of Castillo and angry at the authority that Calvin represented .. Can we open a way to compare the two works? No .. and why do we go away? Here is Ahmed Saadawi, the Iraqi society offers us in the post-US invasion period .. Yes, the offering was not so repulsive .. The Sawsan scene comes to me while she remembers some moments of lesbianism with a gift .. And she regrets that the party came after him to listen to everything. Excuse me, but ... What is the lesson? What is the lesson in all this strange composition that can only be described as repulsive? I understand the shocking word that critics use to describe some literary works .. Here I must say .. I still remember my shock with Khaled Hosseini&#39;s stories A Thousand Splendid Suns and Kite Runners and how beautiful two experiences were. Such shocks .. I want to read them a lot .. despite all the tragedies of Afghanistan .. and the incident of the attack on children that Hosseini spoke about in the kite runner and the extent of the persecution of girls in a thousand bright suns .. but the very successful method of Hosseini in attracting the reader to the text and to love the text He loves Afghanistan ... while ... who would have loved Syria after reading this novel? I thank God that I visited Syria before I read it .. And one of the most obvious negatives in this novel is that the narrator and he is supposed to be a brother to Sawsan and despite that he knows all those sexual details about everyone’s life. How does he know all this? Was he watching them? Or was Sawsan sitting every night for her brother to tell him what she had done with so and so? This seemed very far from any sense in reality, and the factor of persuasion was severely weakened .. God delivered to us Syria .. and the rest of the country .. and returned its kitchens full of milky foods .. not knives.
Many cramped rooms. I did not like anything. The rooms are narrow, and the sound of the works is next to the hotel
playing with adults. Unfortunately, I read the dust of diamonds and the blue elephant before reading Vertigo, the first work of the creator Ahmed Murad. Therefore, I fell into the trap:. The trap of comparison is the least novel of the three novels. But I will try to be fair regardless of the comparison. In principle, a long unnecessarily long novel. Very ordinary and boring details. The plot is naive. There is no literary apology of sentences and dialogue and keep meeting me if you get out of it Coutes and so ... the most dangerous and most important defect in Vertigo and I can assert that it is also present in the rest of the novels is the author&#39;s control over all the characters in the novel. They all speak the same style, the same words, the same ivyats, the same irony, the same long tongue. Even women, too. Ahmed Mourad is present in all the characters. There is no difference between the old man, the young man, the woman, and the different classes. The hadith is one of the characters and it is derived from the author’s personality. In the end, I cannot help but thank the genius, Wahid Hamid, for discussing the same issue of Vertigo&#39;s novel, from the salutation of Adel Imam&#39;s performance. And a movie: playing with adults
Excerpts from here and there, a sequence of ideas, colors, and pictures ... all factors that support the book&#39;s love for young age or readership
I do not recommend anyone staying there. . The service is very bad, unfortunately, they withdrew the amount and did not allow us to live in it
The location is not close. . The location of the hotel is far from the Haram and the bus transports Umrah to a distance not close to the Haram. The staff did not have enough experience, I canceled the reservation for the night, but I was unable to get the refund
She had a good idea. But it spoiled it. .. and made me hope from her and her thoughts
The war in mainland Egypt is the story that was transformed into a movie in the name of an Egyptian citizen. Usually, the text of the original novel is better than the movie, but this is the only novel that finds the movie better than the novel. The novel monitors an aspect of the corruption that has spread in the children, which has reached the extreme levels until it reached the replacement of people in the military service.
Weak. Reception. The room is not clean
This novel deserves five full stars, but I will be satisfied with only two .. Why? Mona&#39;s attempt to punish the author .. Yes, punish him. The magnitude of this work, the uniqueness of its subject, and its style are all very interesting elements and pave the way for it to be the most important work in the life of the author: Tariq Imam, whom I read for the first time why. ACAD&#39;s work comparing it to the Murakami fantasies in Kafka on the beach turns to all that much sexual talk about homosexuality. This is not explained by being a girl .. I read a comment by a foreign reader once: . Cavafy’s relationship with the city of Alexandria is a very strange relationship, and I don’t know why I felt as if he always hated it and it is the city to which he is attributed so far. It may be a poor city like the case of Egypt at that time .. . Chapter No, with all the details that Alexandria should be to know .. While I know it, I am just like a caretaker ... Also, boredom has permeated me since almost half of the novel .. There is a lot of stuffing, because of which the novel spread to more than a full page. It is a feeling of fatigue and the desire to end it quickly, some of the deletion was not to disturb it. This is a novel that managed to get rid of all that is typical and traditional from the current new writings .. And navigate the world of the unknown poet Ithaca, the world and not the poet, but honestly, I wanted to find all these writings. Nationality in an epic work like this
Very weak. The lack of credibility of the Moroccan receptionist. I asked for a sea view and accordingly paid and did not get it
Fast paced ... science fiction ... political tricks ... intelligence tricks ... feel that you are watching a movie while you are reading it ... for adrenaline lovers, recommend it to the readers
A bad experience . Reception is acceptable and fast, room air conditioning is cooler. The reception is unhelpful The suite is small The bathroom is very narrow The furniture is more than consumer The room service is very bad The inconvenience The street and the adjacent rooms Hear their voices Transparent windows outside the hotel See you ill at night or day
In this novel, a picture of a bleak woman with a dark look blames others, rejects her environment and reality, lives with herself and her imagination, and clashes with the reality that contradicts the idealistic image that she drew in her imagination. As if the writer shows that the more a person is more religious and committed, the more he suppresses his desires, and vice versa ... Filling the lines with sentences related to God and fate in words that are not suitable for something negative is added to the novel ... Quote:. If all things were normal for my family, I wouldn&#39;t have given them this enlarged size. I think this line summarizes the novel ..
disappointing. The hotel is good and the service staff are excellent. The reception of the Egyptian receptionist door is not closed
The same Gulf stereotype of women&#39;s monopoly in stereotyped roles and the woman’s sudden decision to turn around. The language is beautiful and it attracted me to complete
Balash is better than two days, so I decided to watch Sameer Abu El-Nil. I said it was Ahmed Makki rigid, and I loved to watch him, and there was someone who said that it was a nice movie. I entered, and I was not so far from Juan, as I prayed, I liked neither retreat nor surrender, and Sima Ali Baba was, for me, a very genius movie, regardless of the box office outcome. I found that Maki made this movie with Al-Sobaki, I was frank about it, but I said, &quot;I should excuse a man to eat and live with your satisfaction.&quot; It is never a shame that one loves to earn. All this was complete until I entered the movie and saw it. Initially, I can&#39;t tell you that the film is understandable, its content is critical, because the film is really understandable. I am the first one to defend the movies. Rave for the sake of rattling, and the comedy does not have to remain purposeful, but the calamity here. This film tries in various ways. It stays purposeful, but does not know how. From the door to utterance, this character is shallow and shallow. Feel like you were watching the Shadow Fantasy Theater, the two characters you mean. A cartoonish figure and features. Samir is a person all people say to him. A questioner is a parachute with his acquaintances and miserly. But the character does not have more dimensions than this. Surrounded by a pill of other figures, one or two aspirations for peace and peace are required. We sit for an hour, but a quarter, and we watch his sovereignty. He wraps all people, so we can see that he is stingy, gliding, etc. In it the personality of the six who live in the apartment that he rented to the one who bribes him with food, and his aunt who does not know what is supposed to be left, er, but she wants to bypass her daughter. Police Secretary Muhammad Lutfi who Samir Bajira and Rah Kebudi Gard. Hussein Al-Imam in the role of Hussein Al-Imam, if he had many money after the delivery of purchase, the film followed this, and the features of the story of what is not a strong story will appear. Hussein Al-Imam Bimot and my hand Samir Floss many times, so that the daughter of Hussein will hide it until the girl who appears for two minutes, but in the whole movie is done in the first year. Samir is telling him to work for you, so Hussein Bdila is a tigress, Nicole Saba, who you say opens a TV channel. Of course, all of this, and it has paradoxes and supposed assumptions, is comic, but I almost didn&#39;t take it because I didn&#39;t laugh at the cinema. Often the joke here is that the movie is not comic, but they say it is comic like the grocer who said he had no cheese while he had faces. When Samir Al-Iskandarani says with Gandhi, it is not a joke. The important thing at the moment is that I will sell me from the movie about an hour and a quarter, so the achievement is what is the duration of the movie, more than two hours, they will walk up to the channel even though whoever I understand has this was the most important thing in a movie because it has the whole movie, it means all that was past Hamada what we have. The important thing is Sameer Baqleh, who decides what broadcasters do not spend, and Okasha Style stays them. I mean, he presents every need in the channel. The important thing here is the message of the film. The people are absent and can laugh at them with simple needs. Of course, the compulsory song that appears in the text of the film that we think is that Makki is a comprehensive artist and a solid rapper. And uh, the song has a clip. The film feels as if you turned on Melody in the film’s text, because I was bored. Ahhh, the song is going to sell. What is the origin of the Muqawala movie from its collections? Oh, I forgot if there was a journalist in the brain that had put it in her brain, but because it had more than one act, she had a pronoun in the film, as if it was in another movie originally. The film after that, Rashq performs five lectures on ethics, and some of them see one of them, Makki, speaking directly to the camera directly. Because if you didn’t understand, is it the lesson? Is it in your mouth I saw it? As a representation of all the actors, they represent roles they played before, without changing much. Mohammed Lutfi Mojdash, Haji Makki, in the role of a strange figure, only for Hussein in the role of himself Alaa Morsi, who I am convinced is a genius comedian, if he took his chance, look at the role of a sheikh without features. Edouard Jadid, this time, I mean, it is possible that Dina al-Sherbini, who performed well, but this is the first time I see him at length, with us Shalaby, I came in the last two seconds. The man Amr Arafa showed her to a good director, which made me doubt that he directed this movie by phone from their home. One of the well-known needs about digital cameras is that when you move quickly, you work with a shaky effect, he brings the camera, and I have an obvious degree in it. In the cadres that occurred, except that the editor. Between every scene and scene. ? Why is this a video of my mother who was in the late eighties? Oh man, George Lucas, the most prolific one of his movements, the last of which was Ip and Iris Out, and people mocked him. Is this montage on movie maker or any movie? Originally, if Premier or After Effects was the time of Adobe or Apple Inc., they took the device away from you. From the other side, Makki had to make this film, in order to eat live, because of his film that had not been paid for money. His last movie was better than a million times, and there was thought and creativity in it, and there was no thought, creativity, or even any need. But it will make money, so people don’t want to think and want to take the information with it. I myself do not make a new bulb and complete in artistic experiments, such as not going back, and Ali Baba, because of the Egyptian cinema, we are not lacking a necessary hub. I do not think you will see it so that Maki knows that the length of what he does does any of the words of the people, and she will not watch it. Just whoever meets.
Never force the doll box at all ... there is no face compared to it ...
Direct and explicit projection of the story of Hisham Talaat Mostafa and Suzan Tamim, and the deteriorating country before the revolution has described the way in which it relates to it. It was more like an article from the novel, but I chose it very much for the names of the characters.
Very weak. Very expensive, and the price for the service is zero. The construction work next to the hotel is very troublesome
I never expected the book to be this superficial, especially since I have read Dr. Bakkar before:. But perhaps this is okay:
Suitable for a Ramadan series scenario
In the first, I did not follow the trend, I wanted to insult Murad on every need of the countries: I, in a novel like diamond dust, were a star review worker. I was always telling Ahmad Murad that he had a sweet story and idea, but I just saw that his style is not helpful this time. There is neither story nor style ... He does not know the story of our master Musa, so he works on a novel that is close to a page that tells it. I wanted her to move right, and I wanted until her goal was to tell the story, the narrator is all done so we tell people that our Egyptian ancestors were sweet and the Jews are their lifetime people are beasts and this is not a surprise and God is spoiled and spins so that you say to the people Pharaoh who was with our master Musa is not Egyptian even though many people Prove that he is Egyptian and in the other, I mean, it does not concern us with anything that he was Egyptian or anyone else, we are our money. The one who shoots in history is ordinary, Hanfoot, I mean, and I am not a historical historian to judge the correct or wrong writer, but it has been discussed in the Qur’an and in the stories of all of us who know it, this name is Hubble. Who said that the story of our master Noah and the Flood was a myth from the Jews and his community? There is no source from which you knew that the Jews killed our master Moses and Aaron, our master Moses, specifically the story of his death is very well known, I do not kill or anyone else ... The Jews are known, I mean, and I say to them in the Qur’an about their disbelief as a lot, so what was his obligation to deny verses from the Qur’an and invent stories to tell people that they are brutal . And from the source of what I liked, I brought the dialogue of Ahmose and Sayyidina Musa and their alliance with each other. I am my life frankly, I have not read the information. De:. And Asia, the wife of Pharaoh, is one of the people who believed in our master Moses. This is a need mentioned in a lot of sources and Mattach, before what was sent as what the novel said. And the calamity remains that you aspire to our master Moses by defending us and from idolatry. Our master Moses remained, he will come up saying that worshiping idols is a reverence and reverence for angels and approaching to our Lord, so when is this so and a good need for him, our Lord said to him in the mountain that he tested his people and let the Samaritan do the statue of the bull to worship him if our master Moses was aware that she was close to our Lord. He said to our Lord like this, and our Lord didn’t command the Jews at that time that they would kill themselves to accept their repentance. However, those who remained safe with our master Muhammad, peace and blessings be upon him, were not infidels. They will not enter the normal fire:. It is nice that you love your country and your ancestors, and God is not familiar with the needs of your community, and do not distort the words of our Lord, and do not say the words of a mistake on the tongue of a prophet like Moses, if they rise to infidels and enter the fire until He will help you or show you in what is not understood The second part of Kai and Nadia is not necessary for the one to comment on almost every novel after that. We will see the girl who blackened the world in her face and closed, so I decided to keep a prostitute and the first thing that you will see is the hero who will fall into his teddy bears and go and the hero with his consent even if a priest does not resist her beauty and love and forgive her:. Too much, by God
In the myth of the sleeping beauty, a kiss awaits the prince of that sleeping beauty from the age of old. An evil witch&#39;s witch has ravished her from her sleep.
The verdict and the definitions are great, but the novel aims to be unknown until the last chapter or the last pages, unfortunately
My opinion . There is no. Summit in the dirt, the family is very dirty, and when we also asked, they replaced it with a dear price, even for Wi-Fi.
The novel contains many unimportant details and a repetitive description in each scene. Do not rise to the writings of Muhammad al-Mansi Qandil.
Abd al-Hakim Qasim in his memoirs says: Ali, how long I have lived, it boils down to one comprehensive feeling that the places around me are getting dirty and running steadily and urging the spirit of deterioration and ruin. . It was what he always nourished in his writings and what happened in relation to the place containing its population and the expression of their culture .. the Mahdi from the era of the seventies and the transformation and the beginning of the emergence of true religious extremism and its consequences .. that we still suffer from. And as usual, Jaber Asfour is a sponsor. He hates you for any job
I will not live in it again. Cleanliness. After housing on the campus and buses, stop away from the campus
It is for those who betray God to the slave that his life is lost in reading such inconsistent nonsense.
The hotel is junk. nothing.
I don&#39;t like that extra idealism. I was not convinced by the idea that every human being except a valley has its own sacred valley that includes unshakable faith, morals, love and wisdom, which he turns to whenever he feels lost in this world. If this certainty was available to humans, it would not be called a world, then it is the height itself. My lord, the human being is created out of doubt. For some reason it may be difficult to explain. I do not recognize angels and I did not accept this book from beginning to end
I did not feel that the book added to anything on the contrary .. I do not deny that the style of storytelling is difficult and the narration is stubborn, but the content remains weak .. If that was the beginning then you, Mr. Wajih, should work on the content greater than that and not to repeat and repeat the events in Close and repeated scenes ..
I think she will admire those who love poetic speech, description and linguistic trimmings, without checking for a distinct idea or depth of some kind. Were it not for me that I was going over a lot of pages and did not miss anything really I do not think I would have reached the end of it, the novel is less than normal. And as it were said, had it not been for the different tastes, the goods would bart
If in less than a star unit, I would not be stingy on this book. In the beginning, I was very annoyed by the provocative similarity in the name of the novel, and I woven it with Sinan Anton, Mary .. It is so boring that I reached a page and what I was able to complete, and it is all pages. I completed it and found me obliged and obliged to do so because it is unfair to judge a book that I have not read .. A ridiculous and cliched novel A repeated and imitated story in which the name of Gaza is distinguished. Naive events. And many messy details, gaps and mistakes, for example on the page: Who is she or Louay? . The style is a narrative, reckless, indicating the writer&#39;s weakness and his linguistic and literary knowledge. She carries simple political ideas .. Much of the filling is a bit of literature, rich in imagination and lacking in logic. I looked at the novel’s name a lot and it was my biggest disappointment .. I will not consume more words in describing a book that does not deserve to be among my book collection.
disappointing. Location. The bathroom floors are dirty, the carpet of the suite is very dirty, there are no personal hygiene tools in the bathroom, cotton, toothbrushes, etc. We initially delivered an air-conditioning room that is broken and the temperature is very high in it, it was changed after our request and the pretext of the reception was that the air conditioning was broken in this part of the hotel half an hour ago with that the heat The room does not indicate half an hour, but at least two days are broken
I finally liked it
good . Location and room decoration. Knowing that the rooms were not up to the standard of photos, the room includes a free breakfast, the restaurant&#39;s decor, service and interest. The drain is bad, the washing machine comes out of its keys, the odor of the individual family is bad, and there is dust on the family and the hairdo. The value is very exaggerated.
Very weak. I did not like anything. C, I do not recommend it, there is no Wi-Fi, there are no hotel services, and the C and restaurants in it, especially the open buffet, answer the disease
Its scientific content is just wonderful ... and I will not forget the information of behaving with piasters in the case of the injured person who rides the raft ... but there is always the most beautiful
Grandma Geyer. Jeddah hotel location. Hygiene / furniture / brushes / toilets / soaps / elevators / the price is expensive without service / lighting
Very bad crew. next to nothing. Very bad treatment by the receptionist A. Spring, chooses you the worst room despite the availability of another better room on the top floor, log in after we stayed at the reception for about an hour or more, and the time was late night and the hotel is almost empty, there is no room with a double bed Rather, it is two individual beds and they are combined, not taking into account the conditions of patients and people with special needs never, my personal experience with the receptionist, I hope that it will never be repeated, there is a person in the reception called A. Al-Nafiei, his morals are very refined, but he does not have the authority
It is possible that if his village was the first thing that took him from the years, his opinion of him would have been different .. Or it could be that if someone reads the book somebody in his early twenties he would like the book more ..
Rigid mold. The calm. The hotel&#39;s beach is very small and is visible only to the microscope
The writer said in the introduction. And without hurting the feelings of a cleric. I think they clapped for you..and admired your thoughts. Talking about women and religions .... The title indicates that you are getting enthralled in the reader ... And I ask that the title be changed to the woman in the eyes of Al-Sadiq Al-Nayhum. This book was written for one purpose. How the West criticizes women in Islam and do not respond to them? Is this possible? Finally, we talked about education in Libya.
Pure gold, man
Asphalt Z Hotel. . I lived with the mother in the hotel, this is bad with all the word that carries, and it is unfair that it is five stars and the deal is pitched from the employees. It is necessary for you to take your most trivial rights and crowds with them.
Let me say that the book is a point of view. In a society. Or a compilation of the needs scattered in our society. I like things, and I don&#39;t like things. But the idea is as if someone has a base, please contact with you in his view of a society that has needs that no one else can do.
disappointing. . There were no towels in the room and there were small cockroaches as the room is a smokers room but the window does not open, the TV channels are not clear and there is nothing in the small refrigerator, no drinking water, coffee, tea, or anything
Two stars are more than you deserve.
The sweetest thing is that he is a Sophisticist, and he is honored. He says that no one can stand up to culture and society. He stands alone in front of culture and society. Welcome to the world of sophistry
The location of the hotel is a bad place in the worst and worst neighborhoods in Dubai. . . The manager of reservations and reception staff were very poorly treated .. the place of the hotel is worse and worse
disappointing. . HVAC is our disease
As a start to the writer, it is a good narration .. It has flaws in the beginnings .. The most important description is the need to make the beginning shorter and more interesting so that it tightens the beef. A successful start and expected new approval
A very humble book in my opinion ... My problem with this book is that among the stories that came with it I know in advance ... I killed a story in human development books and lectures that talk about hope and determination ... I also detest the direct advice method that The author followed her as if she was dealing with me as a student on his way: say such and not say so ... do such and do not do so. But intercede for the book that it was one of the first books that talked about optimism and hope in the Arab world, although it did not meet great demand, as happened with the book Do not be sad for Dr. Ayed Al-Qarni. Also it must be noted that a book that does not grieve has quoted many stories and ideas from this book, infringing on the property rights of this book, which led to great controversy at the time ... This is considered a point in favor of the teacher book Salwa. That is why I will not rate the book with more than two stars ... I think if I had read it a long time ago before I read or watch many books and lectures dealing with this topic, my evaluation of the book would have been no less than three stars. One of the stories that I liked most about the book is the last story in the book by the author .. The story carries with it pain, hope, dream, patience, and Tawfiq Tawfiq, may God Almighty. Once again, the science of human development proves to me, despite the multiplicity of its stories and the storytelling in it, but it is a limited science and its ideas are not fertile but limited, but it is vaccinated only with some different stories, so it appears as if it is a wide fertile science
Junk hotel. I did not like anything. The reception, whose name is Mahmoud, is impolite and has no style according to his rule in Egypt
There is no soundproofing between rooms. . There is no private parking and heavy traffic at the hotel entrance
Very weak. . Everything was bad
Shallow, slim, bubble
The hotel was not to my liking. The proximity to the Haram and the hotel is among the stop of Al-Mak. Abdulaziz, may God have mercy on him. This is an advantage only for the proximity to the Haram. This point is very bad. Also, the toilet for the room is very small, at an angle, and worn out from smuggling water. The paints are very old.
The saddest experience I&#39;ve ever stayed at this hotel. Only the location because it is close to some commercial centers. When I arrive and because there are a number of luggage with me, I know that I have to carry my luggage myself, and he has provided me with luggage and pulled the luggage myself, and at the room I downloaded the luggage and entered it into the room and left the luggage in front of the door and called the reception to send tissue papers to the room and I brought by the worker and who surprised him that the worker went and did not remove the luggage From the front of the room because it closed the corridor, I had to pull it next to the elevator myself, because I needed to leave the room and I cannot pass without pulling it. In addition, when I asked for juice and water, he told me from the response to the restaurant that when preparing the juice he would call on to go down to the restaurant to receive the juice and water I was surprised by this matter, and it is assumed that the person making the reservation is informed that he must do these things before the reservation
In short, it makes me think. May I reconcile with translation or if it was in his language, the ideas would be more smooth because I felt a gap between the sentences
A quick re-read that did not affect the evaluation
Never worth living. nothing. The elevator is broken, annoying guests, water cuts, lack of parking and what it deserves to be on the site of Boking
Weak. . Lack of hygiene in the rooms
disappointing. . Sounds of repairs and new buildings around the hotel
The novel is convincing to a large extent .. In a simple deficiency in the arrangement of events and fabricating good ends for the characters .. The narration style is not null .. The novel in general is good but it could have been better than that
Weak. . Transportation to and from Al Haram is poor compared to other hotels.
Bad hygiene. . Poor hygiene and adaptation. Dealing with provocative employees. Furniture is very old. There are no free internet services
His longevity was a man of abundance ... and his undisturbed language and sculpting in terminology were not worthy of the idea
Worst hotel. . There are no new hotel services. There are no buses for the campus. There are no moorings in the room and they cannot be added. The staff are very confused and they have no experience.
The book is light .. It contains a collection of articles related to social life. As a phenomenon attached to social media ... some of his ideas are repeated ... I advise him to the young
The first and last time. I did not like anything.
Short boring stories
A boring novel to the extreme. As is common with our local writers, the story is simple, events are scarce, and characters are limited so they stuff it, which raises boredom and expels the reader from wanting to complete the reading .. I read it on the advice of one of the readers when he described it as different from the rest of the local novels. Really? Different because inanimate objects speak in depth and wisdom, perhaps regarding the inertia of exhaustion, it is a beautiful idea that was hired a lot in this novel and lost its beauty. The most boring thing about reading the novel is the talk about different inanimate objects every few seasons. I don&#39;t understand how an envelope, mailbox, messenger bag, paper, table and bag all this wisdom and culture? How would a paper envelope know Alfred Hitchcock? Perhaps if the writer had made one of these elements a stupid character, he would have added cute to the content, but no, all these inanimate objects are wise and deep. Only the Hadith of Jesus’s Chamber, I found it beautiful and honest .. The writer lists the events with the dropper, and the transition of each page to a figure or inanimate disperses ideas and weakens the interconnection of events. Thank God he decided to shorten two letters within the narration instead of reading them in full like the rest of the letters. By the way, I was never curious to know the content of the message that did not open, but I praised God that he relieved us from this trouble .. There are beautiful questions about the relationship between a man and a woman that took place in my head, and I liked the hadith with the tongue of the devil that I found crossing and in its place. Some of the ideas discussed in the letters are great but they went through quickly. I did not understand the writer’s choice of these specific physical characteristics as factors that alienated each of the two friends from the other, nor did I understand why Alia’s people do not transmit Emirates news to her so she has to write a stranger in search of these news. In general, the end is realistic and very logical for the course of events ... Unfortunately, despair began to seep into me from local literature
Yacoubian&#39;s Building. Coyce&#39;s representation of Egypt&#39;s classes and classes. Not all, but the majority of them. Categories of an oriental nature. And that western one does not want to acknowledge its existence. And the mixture between the two. I don&#39;t know why her sensuality is tragic. Despite the fair, it is not like that. One of the few stories I did when I used a movie. The movie did not underestimate the value of the story. On the contrary, he sensed that he had a good percentage
I expected something better. I felt that a lot of writing belongs to thoughts, not poetry. What I liked expressions:. The most loved, the least complaints. So, I am totally back, dry branch, do not burn me today. Do not strip me sword, leave me in my sheath. When I do not find you, I startle places. Your perfume is ahead of me as you walk behind me. My heart in your palms naps wounds and on your lips please. There is no longer enough sleep in the ground for everyone. The moon reminds me of your shadow, a wonder, your shadows are light .. I who wouldn&#39;t have known the night had it not been for the darkness of your cilia .. You locked you in the sky, the sun and the face of the clouds birds and palm trees that drink your satisfaction and thirst for your absence
Weak. The location of the hotel is good. Everything is rubbish
He lost his eligibility. . Smell, cleanliness, hassle, almost everything
The first book I read in the field of education, and it was very good, in which there are tips, ideas, and enrichers in this field, which was faulty for not including it in dealing with all problems and that it was written in a marketing language greater than a guiding language, the way of writing each chapter of the chapters is very different in a subtle way
Words are not understood, and the meaning is not clear. Of course, in a high probability that it is a defect from me, but when I read to other poets, there remains a state of enjoyment, here I felt that I did not link what I meant ... the sound lost in the voices, there are no walls in the cell and the curtain falls. They are the best three poems
Substandard stay and unrepeatable experience with this hotel. Proximity to the sanctuary. The car park of the hotel has many rooms and the car parks do not exceed one. Secondly, the internet is very, very bad
The Thirty Street Branch in Sulaymaniyah, the middle size was presented to me as the large. I calculated it from the big account, and after I objected and caused a problem ... He said I don&#39;t have to come again? I wrote a complaint to the employee, and I gave my mobile number. So far, I have not contacted an optimist with his understanding department.
I liked the style of Dr. Ahmed, but this book, as a child, did not leave any imprint on me. It was just a book and it ended quickly and its effect disappeared.
I didn&#39;t look like what I expected =. Am just generally pretty good
I ordered boneless chicken, fried chicken breasts and fingers, all I liked. No taste, no price.
Then the writer became Muslim, the workers of the press became Muslim, the publishing house became Muslim, the library worker who sold the novel became Muslim, and my friend became Muslim when the novel took her readership, the books were handed over, the books were handed over to the culture, and Ahmed marched Nada, lived in Tibet and grew up, and I was lost after a page so hard that it could turn into an old Arab movie from the many developments that took place for the hero and heroine I cannot understand any point of view that I convert all Jewish personalities to Islam and die all Christian personalities .. The most appropriate name for the novel is an invitation to Islam. It is a novel that talks about a Jewish girl and has no details about Jewish life except for the family’s meeting on Saturday at the Sunday dining table. W very contrived, there are no details about the Jews, their lives, nor the details of their religious lives, nor their dealings with Muslims, there is nothing but Islam, and no Islam, it is the ideal Islam only
A group of articles contains only one about existentialism. An ordinary experience but articles are some interesting and useful.
The first thing that revealed the novel, I was dead from joy and entered with a rigid heart that I concluded in a day, but I was very disappointed.
Nabil Farouk repeats himself in a way without creativity ... On the whole, it is bad, without exciting suspense
disappointing. Staff staff. Furniture and building
Very boring, not able to complete it
Just talk that neither sings nor fatters from hunger ... Islam is a comprehensive religion ... Islam is complete ... Sharia is complete ... other laws are incomplete and to the end of these constructive statements ...
I grew up, Dad .... and I was drawn to my worries. I grew up ... my pain grew in my soul. I grew up ... and the load on my shoulders increased. Your little daughter grew up. Or rather that was small
I do not recommend it to families. The reception staff were treated with respect, especially the Yemeni employee. The rooms are not clean ... there was an unpleasant smell in the bed ... the restaurant was not clean at breakfast, I even cleaned a table myself to sit on because I did not find any employee in the restaurant ... Electricity cut off for hours ... There are not enough positions For the hotel ... the hotel location is not suitable ...
Quite boring at the beginning of reading .. There is nothing wrong in its end after the idea arrived. Filled with dhikr that take place on the mouths of the so-called dignitaries and congratulations .. and repeat them many times to create an atmosphere for you who listens to them. The idea that the reader arrives to summarize is that there are occultities that we do not know are absent and absent from us as ordinary individuals, but that does not mean that we make our ignorance of them as an excuse in order to conduct behind those who claim it or who has the ability to reveal it in the name of religion and leaked in its cloak
The events are very interesting and every need, but Naguib Mahfouz in most of the events was in order to overcome corruption, the ruler had to be killed and so on ... and others come and Satan overcomes him, and he dies and so on. He also started the novel with a character, and we preferred to follow it, and after that she exacerbated it, and the character after her was the one who had a role in the rest of the novel, so why not understand?
I wished it could be better. . . In the toilets there is a chronic problem, which is the lack of water drainage on the floor, which causes water to collect. We asked for a room with a third bed and sent a small and uncomfortable bed ..?
Very weak. . I was allergic to their mattress
Weak. Cleanliness and calm. Not allowing the residents of freedom to enter their guests
Saudi Arabia Bisha. The service is bad. Hygiene tools, doors, do not lock, old bedspreads
Revolting. Briefly. Many expressions formulated in complex, intricate form do not fatten the content of the novel and do not sing the hunger of the reader .. Many of the novelists write with strong expressions and easy mature rhetoric and not expressions formulated in a way that is impossible as if it defies the reader’s understanding. Why do I have to read four lines when their content can be formulated in less than one line? In addition, there are transgressions of the divine self, which is of course intended and planned, as a skilled writer can pass on the idea to the reader without having to say these profanity words .. I have not completed the novel and I will not complete the remaining half because there are very many useful books that are worth investing my time in wasting them instead of reading This stupid block.
To read the cow carefully and sincerely
The truth is that I have stood reading in this novel for a long time. Almost after the text a little bit heroic read it. The novel is not my expectation, it did not come good at all. Any words and any gathering to make a novel. The events are incomprehensible and the style is not pleasant. For the first time I answer a book and simply give it up
A very bad hotel. nothing. A remote place and the description written on the site is not authentic. Very difficult to reach. The receptionists do not answer the phone written on the site. Unpleasant smells in the room. Very very tight bathrooms and rooms. The price is very expensive for the capabilities and location of the hotel. Do not live in it, even for free
It does not contain any new ideas, as it is the focus of his ideas of extremism and dissolution that have occurred in Saudi society. I dislike..a single star for some of the phrases I liked
The book is very beautiful
Very weak. nothing. There is no cleanliness
A weak novel. I was amazed
Bad and uncomfortable. nothing. There are no services, far from restaurants and vital stores that benefit the guests, there is nothing that intercedes for this hotel to rate it, the minimum is a good evaluation, the cleanliness of the place from the entrance to the rooms and the quilts and mattresses are not clean, the cockroaches everywhere, the toilet is very bad, the location is worse than the cleanliness I do not generally recommend it even to singles, for one night is very much riyals and it is not worth more than one riyal for the two rooms.
Very weak. . The furniture, especially the mattress
It may be good but it does not look new
Weak. Blessings for the forbidden. The reception is very bad, the Wi-Fi is bad, the services are worse. The water pool is on the floor of the bathroom. The views are very, very very bad.
It does not rise to the level of four stars. The area of the apartment only The furniture is old, the carpet has a smell, the size of the TV is very small, the bathroom needs maintenance, late check-in and check-out.
Initially, the name of the novel does not fit what you read here. The pages of this book were similar to separate thoughts, and they were not related spatially or temporally to each other in events or dialogues. As if the narrator emptied his personal blog and his thoughts on his two sons with disabilities here. But what I really liked here is the spontaneity and spontaneity of the writer and his ability to express his feelings that touched me a lot as a son of two children with special needs and wishes as a father in healthy children who share life and be their first source of inspiration and pride.
Feel that you are in a distinct tourist destination. . Arrange the positions
We are like this ... we enjoy our victories, but we do not realize that they are incomplete Rashad except when we fall into the abyss
I found it normal, despite its absolute magnificence in some parts, but it did not touch me deeply, and I lost the smoothness in some parts, and it was dispersed in a strange way, but it was never bad .. I will read it again, perhaps.
The author, Tayeh, is talking about a revolution, a grain of the Zionist plan to destroy the youth, and a bit generalizes a superficial idea to some people and uh, but for hours he was thinking about the main topic .. the book is talking about relationships from a mostly negative and weak perspective, and I hope he will never think of this The real world.
Although everyone recognized the splendor of Khalil Gibran&#39;s writings, I did not like her, and I liked some of his portraits, but I never liked the novel, nor did the narration contain much.
Weak . Hussein is at the reception. Puddling
I was very excited to get the novel and I was very happy when I got it after a long research about it, but unfortunately..I expected to find a sweeping love story of love that I had never had before and exceptional feelings for exceptional people, this is what I expected through some lines that I read before I got it ..But it was a regular novel and a love story that I do not know if it is true that you call it a story .. it is just a few feelings only. Less than ordinary novel
In the name of God, formality is sweet, but its defect is quality, what is required, and frankly, in the form of something, and the truth is another thing, and God bless you all.
I did not like
Bahaa Taher The short story is completely different from Bahaa Taher, the novel. Extreme boredom, open ends and incomprehensible stories
disappointing. . The location of the hotel and there are no delivery services for the campus and the road leading to the hotel is very difficult and very tiring too
Hmmm, it is not a book, but we can say the thoughts of two stars because it contains parts of Heshawi
Very weak. It cannot fit to be called a hotel. The hotel is not suitable for accommodation, even for free
The worst novel I read this year .. Oh, time is lost, oh lost. However, this is a personal opinion. You can find it beautiful
One star, but no, and the Prophet, what is this nightmare in the other, like the story of the Blue Elephant, when it concluded that it was a jinn and goblins, so that the endpoints are a kind of escape from the intrusion? God knows best.
The author wants to persuade the non-believer to believe, but the childish and superficial method is suitable for a textbook, despite its adoption of the Socratic dialogue method, but in a way in which there is a slight disregard for the other.
Ok .. ok .. I must admit that the writer possesses an excellent talent that was not very clear to me when I read. I will be among the almonds despite the wonderful title, but here in the blue light, the talent of the writer and his ability to weave wonderful expressions in a wonderful manner ... but also appeared I have two things:. The first of them ... that the writer suffers from a serious problem in organizing and arranging the chapters and the consistency of events, so you can hardly finish a chapter until you are confused with the hail and fall into a spot of confusion tinged with boredom ... and the second ... And their arguments, and this is good for supporting the writer&#39;s opinion, and perhaps convincing the reader, but bad when the writer takes it as a start to sub-topics, forgetting the original topic .. putting the reader very confused and more tired and one finds himself asking God, what is this confusion?
The language is great. But it is flashes of life free from any kind of feelings. As if the heroine explains the weather forecast, nothing more
Yad Ya Nasseri, son of the ...
Racists denounce their racism in an article ... and you find it in another article that does what it previously denounced. If he criticizes our failure to leave the rest of the countries, he tries to place all the blame on the citizen
Not worth living in. . / The lobby level is very weak, as if you are in an old furnished apartment that does not fit in with an upscale area in the Olaya neighborhood .. / The value of preparing the grooms is new again and it is assumed to be free or a nominal amount increase .. / There is no hospitality in the room such as a fruit basket or a box of chocolate with That the reservation days were on the days of Eid / I booked a room for two people and found it small again enough for one person so I had to reserve a slightly larger room .. The size of the rooms is very small in relation to the amount paid
The book does not deserve all the commotion around it with my respect to the writer and it is closer to the thoughts or memoirs of a young man who writes about his childhood than a novel or a genre
Be careful when using massage service, this hotel features an attached massage room. After getting the massage, I went back to my room to discover that money was taken from my clothes pocket, which was next to the massage bed. Since I could not prove anything, there was nothing to do. be cerfull
Although I am addicted to this type of narration, but unfortunately I feel that there is a missing need ... I felt that the characters are flat because they are from another dimension ... and the end is not balanced because he sacrificed a character with whom I spent most of the chapters of the book on behalf of a character that we did not see or mention mentioned except Slightly . The idea is good, and using it to reach the message is good, but unfortunately it needed a deeper treatment and a better end.
Frankly I do not recommend it. Clean bed only. Parking is very bad, of course, stating that there are free parking and this is incorrect and standing is in the street there is no plate on the building when contacting the receptionist so that the place is described to me despite the absence of a sign to indicate the building he answered that he did not know and he is new which made me take time searching Building
A room in which no one accepts. nothing. The hotel is not located on a lively public street, its location is an internal street, and there are no views, no view, we will make buildings and parking / cleanliness is very bad in the apartments. On the water and taking a foul smell in the room because it is not changed unless we asked / The rooms are very very narrow / The price is exaggerated for the services and the location and the cleanliness / The floors are very slippery and the bathroom floor / Written The first is after two days reservation and one week before arrival
Riyadh Girls ... a very ordinary novel. She was accompanied by a media sensation as she got off. For libraries ... Dr. Ghazi Al-Qossabi, may God have mercy on him .. I was eager to obtain it ... and was shocked. When I finished it ... I think the writer has ... great luck for what. I got it.
The inconvenience of being overly small. I did not like it. I did not like it all
The price is overrated. Location. Furniture, service and overpriced Wi-Fi
This is a work that tries to address many complex and complex concepts in the number of a few pages. The writer&#39;s balance has been disturbed between explaining all these concepts and simplifying them at the same time, so the work came out distorted, as he was forced not to go into details that I think are important. Rather, each of the topics discussed deserves to be a book in itself .. The style of writing is confused between simplification using simple examples and a scientific method based on scientific studies and research girl purpose between the two. And the writer says that it is sufficient to say that some scholars have said that he even gives credence to his writing and that he will try to adopt an intermediate approach between scientific and simplicity to achieve the desired equation, but he fell into the error that he tried to avoid, even though I am certain that he has information that he deserves to put in Book...
As if he had nationalistic tendencies ... and I hated no more in my life than the nationalists:
I liked the anger and revolution
Bad . there is nothing. For the first time in my life, I ask for a room service at night. He responds to the reception. He finished their work. It is strange and strange. They printed only the corridors. The carpets in them were sobering, so infidels were not so dirty.
An ordinary book .. but agitation is crazy ..
Turkish series, but I liked the end
Weak. Nothing but its proximity to the Sacred Mosque. The staff in the reservations department are very ill-mannered and very bad, and the room service staff are not qualified and disrespectful.
This novel confirmed the words of Dr. Essam Haji when he said that it is not necessary to see the majority being correct. The truth is the novel was interesting to me that I read it in the beginning, which is normal, because every time I enter a website I download books that are the highest download rate and the highest reading and even in large libraries that are the highest sales this is of course in addition to my friends who all suggested it to me so I can read it and see me what I heard their words. From the first papers in it, I could not find me because I do not like ridiculous romance, yet I decided to complete reading what is sure, not all people agreed on it from a vacuum. Everyone who reads the novel hates the personality of Abdel Aziz, but I hated the character Jumana. The novel is a description by the heroine Jumana of her relationship with Aziz and her difficult psychological conditions because of his being a sadistic, arrogant, unjust person and many relationships. The novel is very slow, although it describes a time period of one or two years. I admit that I often have a terrible desire that I will break the Elly who read from him the novel on the brain of the naive little heroine in the name of love
The treatment of the duty officer is very bad. . I was in a closed meeting and when I finished my meeting I was surprised by a message from my elderly mother and my months-old son forced them to leave the room and made them wait in the corridor without contacting me or my notification before this unacceptable behavior in Dubai and when I asked about the alternate official he told me that he who did this behavior that is not For humanity and morality, onion, which is unacceptable behavior in Dubai
Weak. . Very C hotel
I will not buy again like this
Dhimmh, I am not an asshole who read the book of this
disappointing. What I liked was the presence of a private pool in the villa. The villa space is good .. The lack of a heating system in the pool and the lack of privacy in it. An additional service was added and an additional amount was deducted without my knowledge and without my desire and the amount was recovered after claiming it. Lack of clarity in the villa laws on the one hand Cooking, as it was not clarified from the beginning by prohibiting cooking except with a small and inconspicuous card, even though the electric cooker is available and the administration does not cooperate with us in this regard.
Two stars because of the writer&#39;s wit and spontaneity, and because some articles made me laugh just as Ahmed Helmy does in his films:
He tells you once I dwell on books. Seriously, and God, what do you say? She stood at the original and complementary AM. Because the beginning is enough. Prove the feeling of my first experience with the same writer
Good, but people are given it more than its size
Boring and do not add anything new literary and do not see any meaning to address the stories of the prophets and their biography as they are and are known to all in a narrative line
disappointing. Room space and cleanliness. The hotel has many discos and loud music at night
Nonsense ... nonsense. I am not surprised that the book is a complete success. The Arab reader today is a fashionable country like fans of art and clothing .. Ahmed Murad Al-Katib is the fashion of this era. I do not underestimate the idea, on the contrary, by respecting it and by working as a script for a movie that will be successful .. But literally, this work is not correct to call it a novel at all. There was no literary desire inside me, and I felt a lot of boredom and a constant desire to stop reading. Even this star is not worth it
The description lacks credibility. Nothing at all, and I would have booked had it not been for my concern. What is in the description of the hotel is a lie, and it is thus: The place is close to your view, but far away on foot by going down the stairs. At the reception, he lied to me and said, &quot;A hate comes to a driver and days. We did not see anything ... Thirdly, it is mentioned in the description that there is a restaurant, cooks, variety, and on the day of residence I asked the receptionist about him. He told me that I have to call the cook and ask for what I want and he will cook for me, so why is the lie in?&quot; the description? Fourth: The receptionist does not answer the call or once, and they answered me Fifth: Give me a room so small that there is no place for prayer. Along I asked, they would change me, Khairouni, among the rooms, each alone is worse than the second, in terms of cleanliness, the wind, and the size. Sixth, he mentioned that there is a bath in the bathroom, and you lost it with dignity. There is no basin in all the rooms, according to the words of the Egyptian who is at the reception, but he is mentioned in the description of the room and the shower. It is in some rooms and the water is very very weak The bathroom is broken and everything has its sensitivity to fall ... We asked to clean the room and do not clean it can be times from morning and we say clean it and when I went to complain they said the Hasking service will get rid of the hour Morocco and excuse why you did not ask for the first time cleaning service they come To clean the room, but they do not exist, and the next day is coming Clean, but what you call cleaning never, seventh: in a boiling and very dirty cups instead of cups and on the day I asked I came to a very dirty cup without any package .. And finally everyone in the reception says words other than the second cleaners sitting in the lobby on the mobile and putting a man on a man my experience with The pokings are very beautiful, but this hotel shocked me. By God, I don’t believe that Pocking lands like the hypocritical and neglected hotels, like the abbreviation of a deserted and sweet hotel.
The first time I feel that I want to perform the book, stars are negative and it is forbidden to refer it to a star. Without a doubt this is the worst book I have read in my entire life. Even the worst thinking presented to a person. This book reminded me of what caught a beautiful rose and threw it in dirt and rubbish. Because in some of the words he said, I was saying it, but when I read the rude style that I was talking to, I wanted to say that the advice was jealous, and God would like this way. Actually, when I read the book, I felt that it was not one like your friends to chat with you, not that one spit about. Although I am against writing a negative opinion in a book, but the truth is, for the first and last time, God willing, in my life, I address my words to the writer himself. You are very hard not living in our country, nor are you talking about it, you are living in a garbage dump. Surrounding yourself with a little people is worse than the youth or the girls who each page says, &quot;So and so, so, my company, what do you know?&quot; And then what, every little bit, I did a statistic from a young man of medicine. I did a statistic from one and more, proving that everything in your book is unfounded and that it is one of the worst books. Also, it is clear that in a girl who has spoiled you, made you angry, and your cell, you write in this ugly manner about girls, describing them as not including them and worse, as you justify the men with countless filth. By justifying them watching the sex, harassment and humiliation, and sleeping with their fiancées and abandoning them. She does not justify anything, nor even her lack of marriage in society. The opinion is unfair, ugly, and unfounded, seriously. I was shocked, not from the opinions of the book, but rather from the sons of Adam thinking like this. If even in a kind of men think so, it is an honor for me to die without marriage, as I marry one of these types. A final word for the writer. Host your acquaintances and friends. And in the ideas of your next books. If I read you again. Sorry for this review, but you really deserve it
For me, the episode of horror is still a number
disappointing. The place is quiet and graceful. Unfortunately, the staff and administration are very bad, and talk about them a lot. At the same time, the price is more expensive than the services provided.
Show me depression of years
I finally read it after a pile of quotes that I read from the book, and as a result his name hesitated a lot as if it really was Wow Book. I think the writer is a genius, yes. But it may be closer to describing an empty complex genius. The thing that I really liked in the book are beautiful metaphors, metaphors and metaphors. And the first page immediately following the cover is full of it. :. One of the problems in the novel as well is that in addition to being floating and has no very long decision brain, it takes a lot of time even when she finishes reading her boring start
The most recent series, Al-Hayat Al-Zarqa, has been crushed before that ... corrupt officials are treading to what extent they stand before them .. Its only advantage is that it was written during Mubarak&#39;s days and the talk about it is clear about change and not walking along the wall and the corruption of the people in the country
The name does not reflect the content of the novel. When I read the name, I looked forward to seeing it. I thought that it tells the stories of the Jenin camp heroes of Samud camp and the championships.
Very disappointing. Out of stars take one star. Bleak and no hope ray until the end. He criticized himself that there was no consideration for the time element. The character of Ibrahim Elli, who thinks about himself in a dream, is almost certain that I have read something almost completely like Ahmed Tawfiq before that. There is no correlation between the characters in my opinion. It is just a personal story. Disgusting gypsum anomaly. From the other star, Doc Ahmed Tawfiq, not the novel
Blessed are your burnt palms from the embers that you seize .... I would have liked to read the story of the wonderful speech, may God have mercy on him.
disappointing. A young Saudi employee is at his peak. The cleanliness and rug of the rug and the presence of black spots
One of the most admirers of Muhammad Al-Makhzangi&#39;s philosophy in his articles, but this book did not like him except for the wonderful production and the luxurious level of printing from Dar Al-Shorouk.
I do not know what caused all this admiration for Dr. Al-Omari and his book, Checkmate, who provoked me to the farthest extent of the naivety of his superficial narration, which is considered by some simplicity, while the simplicity of the narration is not only the easy refrain that characterizes a few of the book and the age of course is not from them .. The book is directed to a specific category and its purpose Reform and preaching, but I am certain that it will not fill empty minds except with ignorance and increase their owners confidence and determination. This book addresses only part of the pronoun that I did not find any arguments that satiated the mind or touched it, as the encyclopedic lack of the writer was clear and did not come up with a new mention and I felt throughout my reading that I recited a preaching sentence in the elementary class .. Arousing her ire .. What is more, an attempt to mourn the female sedition that surrounds the man from all sides and my feeling during reading that the world and what is involved in serving the man and his instincts, including females. There were a lot of loopholes that Satan could exploit, and the writer was able to use it to clarify his theory. In desire, in particular, it is not limited to physical desire. There is craving for food, money, power, etc. There is no comparison between the forbidden and the unlawful, but it is clear that the writer suffers from certain instinctive problems He specialized in laying it out in particular .. I do not know why the writer made the straight path and the path of civilization, science and urbanization a crossroads between them. The reader has raised this book in general, I am often irritated and angry at times in many other issues, and the bottom line was the worst book I ever read.
Unfortunately, the book did not take me from the first page to the last page, it is a history of the Yarmouk disaster, and I did not see in it what deserves the media hype that took place around it, and I did not understand why it was prevented by information that is not hidden to anyone, and everyone knows that the Arab regimes are intelligence and repressive and corrupt regimes
I know that this category is classified as one of the best novels of Bahaa Taher at all ... but I really do not bear the end of it.
I will not stay in this hotel again. The location only and its proximity to some services. The check in is very slow. The floor brushes in the rooms are dirty and dirty, they occupy you with the exit from ten thirty in the morning. The hotel does not recognize the Arabs and the guide put foreigners at the reception.
Weak. . Zero reception staff
It is not enough that you are not responsible for my aches .. heal me ... and if you are unable to heal me .. excuse my aches ... ........................ What is strange about my heart storing the worries of the world and the wing of its bed storing its colors ... ............ The swing is to travel the distance without leaving the place ...
The rooms are good, but the service and reception are very poor. The room is reasonable, but all communications are never answered.
Hotel does not deserve a star rating. nothing. I went to the hotel at one o&#39;clock in the afternoon and two rooms were delivered to me at five in the afternoon and the third room at seven in the evening There are not enough parking spaces as the hotel is designated for him only parking and the parking is constantly
disappointing. . The reception service is bad and when I wanted to extend the phone, they said that I can extend the time and the text and they asked me to leave because there is no place where there is no validity and an unkind style from an Egyptian person at the reception and his employee is Filipino
I didn&#39;t like it .. never. Indeed, I regret it. I am not a female writer .. only a connoisseur of literature, but a beginner connoisseur. ... Should the writer abstract and strip the hero of his novel of all morals and depict it for us without religion ... without values. Without principles ?? And how does his imagination portray him that we will admire him when he is? I did not find any convincing justification for betraying life ...: Sorry, Madam Ahlam: I am from the team that encourages you when you say. Prolong your prayers so that you no longer pay attention to whoever stole your heart, if it was taken .. or his response. The more humble you come to God, the smaller everything around you and your heart. Also, the team of memory, body and black, befits you ... just as the beauty of words fits you more ....
Very weak. Frankly, I did not like this bad building. The rash of God honors you with sewers so much that we have drowned in the room
Unfortunately, I did not find any dramatic storyline in the novel, but rather disintegration and disorientation, and some of the contradictions in the narration of events. Although the clear theme of the novel is from its title, it is political, but I see that it is a romantic novel that is scattered about details and lacks a lot of plot in the narration
You will not speak, you will not speak. From him to him who said I read it. I like sincere love. I concluded the first part and liked it. They told me to complete the second part of this book. And I believed them, my father, and I don&#39;t know what I need:. Liked by: Enough with two stars
Completeness is strong, far from negative negative feedback. Many are strong about the banality of the book and the writer, and it is from the book that there is an insult and insult in the image of Sarkazem, and that this is not literary content and it is not promoted as a book. Just fine, my group, I laughed and got strong, especially in the second part of the book, what do you explain? Because? There were two articles on harassment in them about an issue and an idea. Triviality is very important in some times ...
Garbage hotel, may God bless you, oh reservation site, you are the reason. nothing. Everything in the hotel is junk and does not match the pictures on the site and bars, which gives you the opportunity to sleep
Demolition of Islamic principles and values. He does not deserve to be in this blessed country, where I was surprised by the presence of a television channel that turns into pornographic films that are screened at night, and I submitted a complaint to the General Authority for Tourism and Antiquities. nothing
Weak. Proximity to the Haram meter. The inconvenience of the adjacent rooms and the smell of cooking arrives in the room and crowds on the elevator
The worst reception. . The reception is very poor, a complaint has been lodged with the tourist authority, and the hotel has been fined for mishandling the guest
The book is really very geek. For sure, I benefited from it. Certainly he was linguistically strong. But very hard he was tired. Even if the longest way to the heart
I love classic country stories. The writing style of the translation was good, but the description was luxurious to suit the story, and I felt that Arabization prolonged the story too much to the point of boredom, a reading that did not fit the summer. : /. There are some books that record beautiful notes and quotes to prevent them from leaking from my memory and with Magdalene or under the shades of linden. There is a description of Adorad that does not escape my mind. He lost his eyes in the sky as if he was a mine searching for the seventy-seventh star, one hundred and twenty-five million. seriously?. The end was very beautiful and somewhat affected. If you know a little about the love story between Stephen and Magdalene, all you have to do is read the page to the end. Only two stars. If she weren&#39;t too long, you would give her three stars
The worst work you can ever read to Paulo Collio. Boring, monotonous, aimless and a faded narration
Supposedly, these are three tales of anger, but I never felt anything like that in the tennis player&#39;s story. The names of the heroes of the first and last stories were strange, peppers and olives, one of the reasons that for me, they lost the anger that I must feel.
It is not considered to be a Boodle hotel. nothing. The building is old and the air conditioning is old
I was a fan of Dr. Ibrahim al-Fiqi, and I was not listening to him, because I was frankly kind. . But I decided to get to know him and chose this book. The book is of the light type that makes it comfortable between books with my own hands for the person who needs to be needed. Plump on your shoulder and say. . The book is about the experiences and quotations of people who have achieved success in her life and a few arguments that she makes to help you focus on your goal .. but that
I was shocked at Arak Resort. Quite special. The furniture is old, as I lived in the resort four years ago and it has not been changed. Reception of the resort is bad, dealing with you and reservation on booking is not approved only after the hardships.
I just want to know who said that the writer must be so bleak and depressing that sadness and misery will not suffice us ?????
inappropriate . . I booked through booking two days and at noon said the price differed
Substandard hotel and does not match the value paid. The privileged location of the city center. Room is not clean. The bios are never comfortable and the mattress is poor. The furniture is very old. Poor interior lighting and windows.
It is not a novel but a diary of a woman who admits that she has no soul who is sex-loving. She loves the details of the stories that tell each meeting in a new meaning. She does not want to die without getting to know her body and turn into anthrax that eagerly burns those who approach her. Always looking for a thinker to look at them in a moment or a path. Do not postpone, do not be confused and not afraid, but lay down the rules of the game and live the journey until love emerges
I was astonished ... a fantasy ... a science minus
In fact, I got to the page in about a few months and now I surrender ... I struggled with this book until I finished it, but for me it is unreadable ... very boring, attacking the West and Western efforts, plans and conspiracies, forgetting some of the internal shortcomings in our Muslim community ... this book does not go beyond being a tedious, boring, malicious research ... To suit his thoughts and opinions ... I personally stick to my hijab, praise be to God .. I see his benefits and pray for him ... But the dish that the meal was presented with, is a major factor in your acceptance of it ... and this book was not a good according to presenting the idea ... and call for a way Lord, with wisdom and good advice, and argue with them which is better. Is there no rating less than a star? : /
Very weak. Reception staff need training in acting and responding. It was crowded and I walked in
I would be nice if I said it was one of the worst novels ever. Silly, superficial, and a lot of stupidity and does not bear any positive or creative side, not at the level of text, literature or even imagination .. It does not arouse your attention except a feeling of disgust, download a lot of myth. I can almost assert that if the writer&#39;s blood was not legalized, he would have violated the status of the Messenger, may God bless him and his family, no one would have thought about reading it, and would not have had any reputation. Hate it from the first page even after it is finished. Misrepresentation of the Qur’anic verses and the fabrication of words by the Messenger or the misrepresentation of events came in a humble way, perhaps a request for fame or an end in the same writer.
The novel is poor and its narration is strange. He mentioned the end of the novel at its beginning and its beginnings at the end
A novel is more like following a TV series. I read it with a group at this reading club and it made me more excited to complete it. I only read it in days. I learned about an aspect of Egyptian culture
She landed her hand on a wound that hurt me personally, and everyone has any interest, whether it is religious, or even interest in antiquities and history .. Mecca, whose people know who reefs what they have come to know:. I thought about the words of the famous Time newspaper, which talked about terrifying facts in Saudi Arabia: religious and historical monuments have been destroyed in Saudi Arabia during the past year. And an article entitled The Destruction of Mecca was published by the New York Times ...: //. / .... So what I talked about was very important once .. I wished that I wouldn&#39;t put the narration of Makkah with the story..and what he denied is that the story is really long and its style is very difficult and as if the subject is a review of the linguistic ability .. I hope what I started to read it I feel that I lost my time more than anything ... and it was very long: /
It seems that I inherit the dead. And someday. I will sit alone on the cafe. After the death of all those I love. Without any feeling of loss. Where my body is a large basket in which the departed. Evidence of them ... .......... boxes. The windows are usually gray. And great in its breadth. To allow those in the family. Consider the traffic flow. Weather conditions outside the building ... Doctors usually have sharp noses. And glasses. Proves the distance between them and the pain. Relatives usually leave. In response to the entrances to stones. They demand forgiveness from their dead comers ... women usually pass by. Decorative tiles tiles. Sons stand under light bulbs. Embracing radiology files. And stressing that the passage of cruelty is possible. If their parents have time, usually everything is repeated. The cells are filled with new bodies. As if a perforated lung sucking oxygen in the world. Leaving all these breasts. For shortness of breath ... ............ Why do I not open to hate to come out. The room is filled with corpses. I counted it wrong and start again. . Is it because the fall for a moment was decisive. And for a moment. There was nothing but comfort. As if everyone loved them with me. Or as if I received the news of their death. In a mass accident .. ............ when Dostoyevsky said: One must have whatever house he can go to. He was talking about classic humans. They have long sideburns. Coats are like loneliness ............. I don&#39;t like drama. I do not find it necessary to empty a rose of its joy. To befriend the death of Aziz ... ............... and one is supposed to become an angel enough before his death so as not to. His friends get tired of looking for noble qualities for him. ............... threatened everyone who loved me. To die if you lose them. And I don&#39;t think I will die for anyone. Suicides. No doubt. . Trust in life too much. They thought it was waiting for them somewhere else.
The site is bad and not as I was told during reservation and for the first time I see a room measuring one meter. nothing. Dealing, location and fallacy where I paid the amount before arrival and was stalling, where I used Bucking&#39;s place
I can understand a book that includes some bold scenes that you can be shocked while reading from time to time. But if he spent reading more than sixty pages of a book in which the type of scene does not change or rather continues to display pornographic scenes as if it was a pure sexual book, this is what I have not seen and I had not expected before. A book that reveals disgusting, I do not deny that I had difficulty continuing to read it because it raised me in anger by focusing on an idea and not deviating from it if we consider that it was providing an idea in this way in addition to using local vocabulary that I do not think any reader can understand .. I completed reading the book Reluctantly and as a sentence from every page only to take the idea and go without a hasty judgment, but I did not disappoint. An empty book of any meaningful or meaningful idea or idea that you can say that you are reading it from. So that I am not unfair to the writer. I see that he was able to portray many religious extremist ideas, although I sometimes see him exaggerating. In addition to this, the clauses of Umm Kulthum, which were repeated from time to time, cause boredom and provocation, and try to link. I do not deny that I had difficulty understanding the verses themselves. Bad experience by all accounts
Some of her thoughts were sweet and light-blooded, but her sensual needs were vague and she did not understand them, but I did not know what they meant. Exactly?
Written on the edition that I bought:. Masterpieces of Islamic literature. In fact, I was very excited to read after this sentence, especially it was associated with the name Najib Al-Kilani below, then the surprise was. She is not literature and has nothing to do with the Islamic religion and knows nothing about splendor. I did not take advantage of them characters
I just finished lunch at the Al-Khobar branch, Pepsi Street. For the first time, I try a steak house..I watched the menu and was surprised by the high prices and asked for two dishes, one for appetizers and the other for steak without salads and without juice only water..I tasted eating and found the taste of appetizers very bad and the steak is very bad The prices are very, very high .. a piece of meat on the palm may b riyal and I wish the taste is good but very normal .. and a plate of appetizers is bad b riyals .. and the water I expect five riyals .. the total for one person is the cleanliness is normal the atmosphere is bad
MapVesniche is more than the book that they depict a free, independent woman as a prostitute, it does not mean that she is liberated, she is stripped of all principles. In addition to a lot of intimate scenes and accurate description, he didn&#39;t need most of the time. My soul was getting deeper into the poet’s personality, but regardless of the above, the narration is okay and I felt that it was interesting in some chapters.
I just finished reading a book: Excellent Appreciation Didn&#39;t Make Anyone Rich by Wes Roberts My review of. From the title, you feel that the topic is about the non-importance of taking excellent study and the fact that the topic is related to different evaluation methods. The book was translated by Jarir, and the translation of the first fifty pages was very poor, which weakened the quality of the book. More than five times I used to tell myself to stop the book, but I continued. I can almost assure you that the original edition of the book is much better than its current translation into Arabic. The book is one of the books that motivate good performance, but with a more mental style. Each topic has nothing to do with the other, and each topic begins with two simple stories, then notes and what is used. The way in which the book is used in the form of concentrated points may be difficult to understand for some. I did not like these points, as I feel that they are from every flower orchard, and there is no bonding in many of them. The last third of the book was great and I benefited a lot from him. The book is not without interest, especially the last pages, but it has taken from the advertisements the status of others that they are more right to
From the first thing we opened and we went to the pizza when it was wonderful and in the pasta and appetizers, but about two years ago it was ruined and I started going to it about times and ate it not like the first time the service is very good but if you don&#39;t like something do not complain to the manager because it is from her side
Bad with honors. Wi-Fi and location. Cleanliness, presence of insects, especially gecko, lighting is not perfect for the romantic atmosphere
very bad . . The service is very bad ... bad smells and the elevator is very old and the building is old and very boring and the swimming pool does not overlook the sea ... it is not worth more than a hundred dirhams so the night is frankly
Warning My 1 year old daughter traveled to this hotel on. The hotel was overstretched, so they put her in a sub-standard Aladdin room and were told that she would stay there for an entire night. But after browsing on the Internet, I found they were still accepting reservations. It is not a very good start to her 18th birthday gift. We will inform you more, but I would suggest anyone traveling in the next few days or weeks to check with their tour agent, as this hotel has been booked since /.
When I see Naji Al-Ali&#39;s drawings. Certainly, I have to say this drawing is a decline
Cheap cheap. Parking. The place is not clean, the bed and its accessories include a pillow and an uncomfortable quilt. The brushes and the sofa are dirty. The kitchen does not have any other utensils.
disappointing. . The large number of foreigners in the morning period, where they come in huge numbers, knowing that they are not residents of what restricts the freedom of the resident at the motel.
The novel is about Hajime from the beginning of his life to the end of the thirties, his studies, his love, his success, which was thanks to his marriage and the help of his wife&#39;s family, but after he got rich he seemed to think selfishly about the emergence of the first love or childlike admiration, although he tried relationships afterwards, but for some reason he decided to leave his entire life as his wife and daughters And the preference of his wife, because alone, what happened during her adolescence, she hated his selfishness, and his family had a secondary solution because they only left him .. In general, it was fun, but the diversification is beautiful.
Fooled me of .... I expected a novel better than this ... and an end better than this. The only need I liked about the novel is photographing places. : /. : /. ... I will think more than once after this before I start reading a novel by Radwa Ashour Tani
The translation is not good.
These are the memoirs of the writer Turki al-Dakhil, on his previous life, when he was fat, and he lists the problems through which the fat faces him, especially in our Arab world, as is the difficulty in finding suitable clothes, not to mention the problem of obtaining a seat in the plane; without you being charged two seats .
The fact that Dr. Ahmed Zewail is one of the leading scholars is not disputed by two, but in my humble opinion it is not of the same class as a writer. If the doctor used the help of editors or a book with experience in writing CVs, the book might have come out better. I do not want to appear harsh in my judgment, but one expects more when A book for a large scientist acquires a dry and unpleasant writing style, unfortunately with some benefit. Of course, a somewhat disappointing reading given the high expectations before reading
I did not find what satisfies me. I dislike Shi Sawa site. We were charged with food that we did not take in, and the rooms are very narrow and have a stench
A hotel that does not deserve to be classified as five-star. Three stars many have it. nothing. A hotel that does not deserve to be classified as five-star. Three stars many have it. Unpleasant smells in the bedrooms
disappointing. Proximity to the entrance of women. The lack of parking, and when I got out at the end of the night, it became clear to me that the parking security guard entered the entrance to his car in the parking lots and swore that the parking spaces were complete.
What is wrong with her in the evaluation with me is the amount of praise that I heard about her, and in the other she gave her naivety in the manner of narration: /. The best example of a director who wants this is:. Suddenly he is not in Arabic .. suddenly I turned .. suddenly Jaeger worked .. suddenly he met the house ... suddenly I do not know what I know you like this:. But scientifically ... it added a few terms to me ... and a new idea might actually be floated
disappointing. . Lack of commitment and giving rooms that are in pictures
The novel is weak from my point of view .. I felt bored a lot .. Mostly the novel when I wanted to sting it in a very short time .. The novel in my bags said it more than a week ... The formulation is very weak and so is the dialogue .. The novel&#39;s cohesion itself is weak .. The relationship between Luster and her mother Strange, really strange ... The characters themselves in their formations to me are not acceptable.
disappointing. . The bed is very bad
Actually, he said whoever said .. There is no opinion like someone who heard..I lost a lot of thoughts about the ideas of this book and strengthened its influence on the one who took it as an approach to it ... But after reading I realized the size of the effect that words such as those written in this book and the most powerful can cause. Among the lines that the writer planted in the pages folds. At first glance, you will find many possible places written by the author as true lines separate from each other, but in this order and this way is very clear what the writer means from his book in general and the path that the reader pays to pay. Many times I read the word ignorant in this book, I felt that the author of the work talks about the Middle Ages, for example, or the era of European darkness, or the like. The whole world is a great pre-Islamic society, no comment. Based on the foregoing, our homes and our homelands will become wars of war, and jihad is required from the point of view of the writer. How many people have read and were affected by this paragraph and moved to the actual implementation?
.. .. Was the book ugly and bad as portrayed in some people&#39;s comments ..? ?. My answer: No .. Yes, the gender was mentioned a lot in the pages, but not with the disgusting picture that I expected to see after reading the opinions of those around me. Alaa Al-Aswany. A rich pen, and you cannot cross a novel without trying to read it. However, I cannot say that I would recommend how much to read it. Because that depends a lot on how you see things. ... multiple personalities that track their events. She lives some seasons of her life. Except that you are at the end of its breaking and setting. Simple and elegant style. And a novel that reflects some aspects of Egyptian society.
Not on my list for. I bumped into it turning my files out of boredom, the cover is so cute ... let alone this. He does not rate the author:. And since my evaluation of the book revolves around several points, the cover is not from it. This novel is a classic story like any teenage love consumer, something Shi does not recognize. The language is very weak, in which colloquial language is used in non-dialogues, let alone that the novel describes them as colloquial dialogues. The pill is telling you that there is nothing new ... the characters have nothing in them ... as a holistic evaluation, it works as a story that is published on the communication sites as a series that teenagers follow passionately, but it did not add me much ... The two stars of the cover:
So normal . nothing. Everything is bad
The work is very boring. I am lost in the midst of how many fugitive and digressive names I have ever been in my domain. But your lover makes you mistake, and I love you, Doctor, and adore all your writings. Three Granada ... Al-Tantouriya ... Faraj. Radwa Ashour, do you marry me? :
Emotional novel
A good book, in which the author often tells of his detention
I tried it out frankly, the chicken was fresh, so they could be dirty and dry
A ridiculous and superficial novel in the full sense of the word ... and the closest thing to the mobile notes that we were discussing during adolescence ... I could not finish it, and it was a female who wrote it for it would be easier to receive and accept .. the title is vague and does not suggest anything to what is inside the novel or the vulgar story or its name as you like.
Not Moscow Hotel. nothing. At the hotel, after guests, some noise and ivory buzz work especially at bedtime
It could have been a great book chronicling the story from its inception and telling the details of the dispute since Osman&#39;s term
The commodity is very small and does not have any viruses
I did not finish it. I do not understand how readers admire the amount of sadness and sadness that lies between this story.
What after love is waiting for her heart. Is it not love to give up all the boats and go to the sea, not caring? I saw Ghassan, the true lover, whose life would not waste you as a gift. As for Ghada, she was ashamed of love, as if he was on the road, so he would not say hello
The noise is annoying for being on the side of a main street. Suitable for beds, as the rooms are connected together. Street noise and cold handling of some employees
Weak. . I told the receptionist that I wanted a non-smoking apartment, but I was surprised by the smell of cigarette smoke in the apartment, and I told the receptionist and told me that the apartment is for non-employees
disappointing. Near services, all services are available in the tower. Difficulty reaching the hotel, the lack of parking, the entrance to the hotel is not clear at all, and the reception is not answering the phone calls at all.
Services without required. The location of the hotel. The hotel dealt with Boeing customers below the level of Hijazi. It was two adjacent rooms and the required was not provided
Not bad, short story art I don&#39;t understand sometimes but I value it based on two factors. First, the effect that the story leaves, secondly, the splendor of language and the amazement in which its beauty leaves me ... the effect I found only in some of them and it was not a strong impact, and the language is very ordinary. There are translated stories whose language has impressed me the most.
What praise the writer in this novel. The long narrative soul ... the ability to keep pace with details with the same balanced ritual. Regarding the work as a whole ... it&#39;s okay.
The novel shocked me frankly ... I expected it better than this. The novel is very poor, describing characters, repetitive scenes, boring narratives, and even repeated emotional encounters. The novel improved to reveal details of life inside the parties. I will read the second part and hope it is better
Disgusting We booked the hotel too quickly ..... and the website we used to get an idea gave us totally wrong pictures anyway ... the room was dirty especially the beds the pillows were disgusting during the night I really tried to sleep standing as much as possible so as not to touch Pillows or sheets in my mouth What is this bathroom nightmare ... Well, I did not take any shower on these two days ... The breakfast was ok even if the pills looked a bit old I did not dare try it. Believe me, avoid it.
Tragedy. Being a female toothpaste with jealousy and choosing another among all the party girls tells you that your boyfriend is handsome
Very weak. There is nothing wrong with it. Everything is very good. The rooms are junk and not add. All are insects. The furniture is old. In a nutshell, I live on the mainland
Unnecessarily repeat many phrases. Contrasting qualities of the same personality are introvert but have many acquaintances. No suspense after the first third of the novel. The following events are over boredom
A very weak novel, boring and not really suitable, except that it is an old Arab film. She lost many events and her biggest characters ... Leah&#39;s first experience with Naguib Mahfouz and it could be the last
An unsuccessful narration with all sizes, I admit that I was crossing the pages because I did not finish it. I do not recommend reading it: /
Amman . . The transaction is very bad, especially the Egyptian receptionist. There is a clear blackmail for the customer and the value of the extra beds is exaggerated. Despite the pre-reservation of children, the hotel only offers beds other than the double bed.
Do not book very bad service, our plane is late, I called the hotel and sent them an email to tell them that we will come to the hotel one day late. When we arrived we found that they had given our rooms to other people. This was the worst thing that could happen to us after the plane was delayed and after the airline mistook us and our bags were lost, and when my friend called them to ask them if we had come, they cursed them with vulgar words. We had booked two large rooms but because the hotel gave the rooms to other people we stayed in two small rooms and we did not see the price difference between the big and small rooms. I suggest that you pay a little more so that you can at least feel comfortable in the place after touring abroad
not good . Wi-Fi only, beach a bit clean, bathroom too. The bed .. There is no carpet or balcony carpet is very small and does not accommodate only one person Food for breakfast does not match the hotel class .. The level of stars There is no entertainment at all, not even games or even bikes The price is very exaggerated There is a large wall in the middle of the view and thus a large part of the view is wasted on you in a nutshell This hotel must be rated star
A philosophical narration that makes you think about the last part of it. Imagine what has become of this elegy, the state of Omar, and the extent to which his illness has drawn deeper into the abyss. Because it is a novel by Naguib Mahfouz .. That novelist who won the Nobel in literature must take all of his works stars out of five ... As was the idea of Yasser Hareb in his book Picasso and Starbucks .. that even if the Picasso painting is incomprehensible and does not mean anything to you You should never force yourself to admire it or even be fascinated, so that you will not be appreciative of the arts, because of the suspicions that you have a narrow horizon or that you are unable to taste true art. And starting from the theory of the warrior, he broke with the mold of the great artist and freedom from this limitation .. To the view of connoisseurs of art with its broad and simple forms, my opinion will be in the novel Beggar. Of course, I tend to be the protagonist, movie or any artwork ... a true hero. Not immersed in the dissolution of his desires ... in his untreatable illness, whose only solution is for his feet to be removed from that land .. The hero here was a traitor of the first order .. for his country .. for his art .. for his friend .. for his wife and children and the greatest calamity is that His mind let him down and he became a traitor to himself. Emptiness was .. And if it succeeded in conveying a single meaning, it would be a novel full of nothing. Nothing valuable. Nothing is emotional. Nothing patriotic. Nothing godly. That is why I have two stars. The first is because she deliberately communicated that empty meaning and succeeded in it ... and the second is for her writer.
An anecdotal group .. The first is the story of the wedge, and it is the most beautiful of all. I have not completed the remaining stories
I liked the way the personality dimensions were presented at different times, as the author touched on a number of social phenomena present in society and the extent of their reflection on people in the society itself, since the character is marginalized since its inception and did not have its own being and convictions I see not detailing in a way that suits the rapid narration method and this is in my opinion good to not cover the main idea From behind the life of this character, I noticed that the language could be more mature in some places and more generous in literary expression, because the character raises nervousness because the belief directed at this picked up I see is a reason for the success of the masterpieces, as they have completed reading it and expressed their provocation from a Personality
The only thing that attracted me to this novel is its name. As for Elena, I did not understand what she wanted or what she wanted to say. I was not aware of any of her actions. I think she herself is unaware of the truth about her behavior. Neglected, lost and wasted woman. The sequence of events is boring, monotonous and lost a lot of things. The novel is one of the ugliest that I have read and the translation of Nariman Shamali is bad.
Bad . I did not like anything at this hotel. The room is dirty, the beds are dirty, and buses to the campus have no appointments.
Weak. . Pillows are high, uncomfortable, high value and service
Visitor. The location is close to the Corniche, for easy transportation. The customer needs bottles of water, especially in summer, and it is not enough. I did not find any kind of tissue in the room
thank God anyway . Near the place. Smell the smoke
Her start was beautiful until she got to the middle of it, which is the coup of Joseph’s feeling without arranging it, and with his fast speed, and the writer dropped a whole chapter of the novel.
disappointing. . The hotel is not suitable for families
There is no valet parking service, the bathroom is very small, and the furniture is worn out. nothing.
Worst hotel. Nothing ever The receptionist in the name of very, very, very bad and does not respect the guests, nor if he is in a hotel that treats us as if we ask him for the room in a nutshell in short to not fit like the interface of a bad hotel in all what the word means I explained it. They told me that we will hold you accountable for chocolate and pepsi for free, and it was I who drank it, in addition to the existing repairs and annoyances, and it is the biggest reason for going down the hotel’s evaluation.
The worst stay in a hotel in the world. The location of the hotel. The air conditioner is devastated when it works in Ezz Al-Hur
disappointing. . The furniture is a bit old, and the price is expensive compared to the service provided.
My story with this book is old .. It started when I was in the middle class first we had a teacher of an Arabic language that we could not speak and watched me holding a story in the name of the children of our neighborhood so I took it eagerly and then returned it disappointed and said to me I thought that it was by Naguib Mahfouz, he won the Nobel Prize for it I am not I know how it occurred to her that it might be that copy that I have and that does not exceed a page in general. What we have important is that since that time and I have been searching for it all I have traveled to any country I am looking for and I have revealed that it is forbidden I did not know why and after a year later I found it in Virgin Mega Store / Sharm El Sheikh My mind flew from happiness and was amazed at its existence for two reasons. The first is co Here it is forbidden, how exposed to the second public: cheap price only Vsaaraa pounds, while another novel writer Veer known above the pounds. And when I came back, I told Dr. Nujood that I was happy because I found her and she told me that she was talking about the stories of the prophets ..... I started reading, and as the events progressed, I started to hate it little by little. I could not read it as an abstract novel without the events being associated with my mind with a certain Prophet. Every character I read I imagine that the Prophet is her hero and my imagination is not because I heard that she was talking about the prophets or that it was written on the back of the book the same words .. Although Naguib Mahfouz defended himself at the beginning of the book and denied that it symbolized the prophets of God, praise be to Him, and demanded that readers read it as a novel and not like a book, I could only link between the characters and the prophets because the events coincide terribly. I mention here the analogy in terms of the book and I seek refuge in God that this is my opinion. The story revolves around Al-Gabalawy, who preferred to be based on his actions, his younger son Adham, and his older son Idris revolted upon him on the pretext that he was better than Adham because Adham his mother was a black slave, so he decided to expel him from the palace and his bliss, and Adham and his wife remained Omaima enjoying the palace until Idris came one day and seduced Adham with research In the book “Asrar Al-Jabalawi”, when Al-Jabalawi learned about a mistake, Adham expelled him, too, from the palace, then provided Adham with my destiny and humor, who later had a dispute between them because of the jealousy of my destiny, who were negligent because Jabbalawi liked Hamam and did not like my destiny, so he killed my destiny Hammam then buried him .. Does the story need an explanation? Idris = Satan and offspring Idris = Satan offspring. Adham = Adam Qadri = Cain Hammam = Abel. Geblawi, I would not dare put the equal sign or write what the author might have intended. Meaning similarity even in the names and initials of the names, and then the author dares to say just a quote ???. And all the characters after him are in the same context, so there is the story of our master Moses Jabal, our master Jesus Rafaa, our Prophet our beloved Muhammad, peace and blessings be upon him, and Qasim. Finally, a story of a character I did not know the owner of, my doctor says it symbolizes the knowledge of Arafa. The worst thing about the topic is that you read about the character and read the distortion accompanying it. Rafaa, for example, is not a male or a female in the eyes of his family, Qasim is a fighter and an arrogant mountain. They do not have a link to love, any link? Oh and the funny thing about the topic is the geblawy who did not die during these years means his age He reached over a year and Muammar, God willing, did not die, I mean, he was supposed to enter it among the miracles ... and he who considers the subject is that the book won the Nobel Prize .. Does it mean that it is good, or is the text strong, or anything like that? Of course, no, the text is like an entity, the language is a little weak, and it is clear, and in its text suddenly, Ami, and the plot is very bad .. So why did the book win? It is known because he talks about the prophets and anything that addresses sensitive topics wins .. Some tried to kill Naguib Mahfouz after this novel and some disbelieved while some considered him a mystic and a religious obligation .. What do you think?
I arrived for a page, and I did not find a novel and a page, and I am still searching for the novel and finished it, but I did not find a novel. Unfortunately very weak weakness in style
Very weak. Building design, but the furniture needs to be changed. Smells and lack of maintenance for the bathrooms
Al-Faisaliah is tough, strong. nothing. Poor service and late delivery, furniture, lack of a pool or swimming pool, the price is not equal to the services provided
Very weak . Lashy maybe the elevators. everything
The book is light-blooded, laughed, and concluded in about one hour, but if we were to speak seriously, the idea of hunting a man is not one of my principles. Firstly, secondly, it is not delicious that I am wearing a formal relationship between two people in rules and provisions. The advice that most of it is mashed, and everyone knows it, but the girls who have intentions remain the most meaningful and countries that are not many, I think
The book is considered a quality of biographical books, which not only lists events but also explains thoughts and feelings. I felt the monotony of events of slow rhythm in addition to the boring dialogue in the last chapter, where the young Russian man kept talking long, which led to a loss of focus and a desire to continue. The basic idea is to embody the conflict between the eastern and western civilizations. It is not among the best books of Al-Hakim, but it carries a refined idea that gives me two stars
Regardless of her popularity, I see it openly. Childish and there is nothing new and nothing in it. I feel that I am in an Indian movie, but to be honest, I was excited. Complete it quickly, though I see it silly. A question for the writer that has a real person like Iyad ??
I read this book based on Group&#39;s nomination, to discuss it together. The book is very bad. It is possible to avoid physics. The author cited theories of physics. Use highly elusive terms to understand them. The important thing is that I knew the answer. It is impossible to travel through time. Although the writer tried to prove it in theory through theories of scientists. I regret the text the hour I lost my life reading:
disappointing. Location and close to services and restaurants. Hotel does not provide any hotel services, internal phones do not work, the inability to call the hotel from outside
Given that I am a faithful Muslim man, for me, I was not impressed by the program “Buds of Faith”, which I was reading workers. The books that I wasted my time in
disappointing. I only loved the lobby, but the rooms are spacious. The rooms are bad
The first time I did not like a book by Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud, the title does not have anything to do with the original relationship, and the talk is old.
I did not finish reading it .. It stopped at the 99th page
Not sweet and not like
Bad versus value. nothing. Improving performance and speeding up reception staff procedures
disappointing. . The check-out time is no later than two o&#39;clock in the afternoon. Breakfast is not good, cold and not diverse
The worst apartments. nothing.
One of the worst novels I have ever read in my life is a terrible boredom and a detailed description so much that he is tearing apart the one who stumbled to the point that I turned pages that I met, still described in David&#39;s feeling while he was on the ground, and I felt that in a terrible effort he showed that he understood life and that he was suffering in this world and in a camel I, for the moment, do not understand the meaning of it, what can be mistaken for me, because I do not understand, he wants to say, but I’m old, I had no difficulty reading any other accounts or understanding the meaning of it. And the writing style is very, very bad. Seriously, I was very excited about it and was surprised because of this novel. I am afraid that I will answer the other novels and share the same problems.
good . . Hotel eating and quality restaurant staff treat
Almost .... this will be the last thing I read for Paulo Coelho. As for the novel. This is a novel about this category of western citizens who lost their faith and confidence in religiosity and spirituality in general. She revolves around the heroine Pilar who loses her faith and condemns her as she loses her ambition and plans to live a typical life in which to learn and apply for an office job after graduation in order to marry a normal marriage in which she performs the role of the usual wife who does not live any adventure other than sitting at home with children and going to Work and so forth in this vicious circle. Until a day comes and her boyfriend invites her from childhood days, who had emigrated from the small city where he grew up and took a path in the ecclesiastical vocation until he became a monk known for proposing miracles ... Then the events continued until he fell in love and restored her faith .. .. ..... My first reservations about this novel are that it is stretched like the Ramadan series, exactly what they do in order to complete the episode and save on the last day of Ramadan. My second reservations are about the way the writer selects words that are very much similar in their content to the way human development books I consider as some kind of charlatan and laughter on people&#39;s minds with astrology and loose words that bear all meanings and possibilities ... such as, for example, the words of spiritual strength .. Me..the other. The third objection is that the writer&#39;s own style of crafting dialogue on the tongues of the protagonists is a very boring method in fact, and the writer tries in every dialogue sentence that he dislikes the heroes and they say famous phrases ... because it means that he takes from the novels of Paulo Coello, the quotes of Kettiyeier about spiritual strength and understanding The vast world and its phenomena, love, soul mate, and so on ... which reached the degree of costly and artificiality in my estimation. The fourth objection is that the writer is almost like this was a plan for the novel, as it turns into a cinematic work. This is almost the only justification for the unjustified elaboration in the dialogue between the heroes and for the long boring description of Katieier&#39;s details in events and places. This is one of the novels that we write for the purpose of converting to a cinematic scenario, commercial profits, and talk about it
The worst hotel I&#39;ve stayed in. . A very bad treatment from the reception. The photos on the site differ from the nature of the hotel. It is a star standard and the price is very expensive
It started funny and exciting and ended up provoking; portraying both the man and the woman in it is bad. I may return to write a longer evaluation
This novel did not satisfy me: /. A novel free of events ... carrying distorted ideas in its lines ... poisoned opinions and most of all, the origin of this story is wrong. I don’t know why I finished it but I didn’t have fun ..
I lie about mirage, this is what the old Arab proverb says, and this is also what Naguib Mahfouz highlights in a profound psychological and analytical novel. Wine, gambling, childish fantasies of illusion, and love in imagination are all illusory illusions and false illusions, preventing us from knowing the truth of life and enjoying its true pleasure. The novel was really psychological play for me, and I was freed from it and I hope not to return again.
Top scorer. No. Cooking is not completely flat and very expensive
A legendary beginning, then a very ordinary story. I read like it dozens of times, and heroes are just reactions of a country that is itself a reaction to a history steeped in the foot and occupation forces that impose the act and control its reaction .. It is possible to flaw more in the story. The beginning is because you imagine that you despise a fake story and two dimensions Disappointment of boring events is described, although in other events, a thousand times more important and deeper ... Disillusionment with a story that could have been left of the masterpieces of literature and ended with just a story on the shelf is not something I need.
Very weak. . The room smelled very bad and I was transferred to another room, but after I got tired of that smell
I started off somewhat interestingly, but I was confronted with the usual problem with classical antique writings, and it is my sense of naivety of heroes, despite my knowledge that this is very natural, as they are novels written decades ago and perhaps a century or more ago. All the time he controlled the sense of ambience of the Agatha Christie novels and who did it even though it was not. In the end, it is a novel fit for writing time, no more.
The book revolves around one axis and is how to achieve your goals using the secret or the law of attraction, in fact the book did not reveal the secret but rather recounting the experiences of others in the use of the law of attraction, it is interesting in the beginning, but it did not benefit me from the required aspect .. I never recommend it:
The first and last time we rent with you. There is nothing I liked. There is no Wi-Fi, the toilet is not clean, rooms are air-conditioned, and there are no different channels
A very lengthy novel, the name is attractive, I liked it, but the cover is not..every frequent routine events before this, with many stories and stories from the first paper we understood, what is the meaning of the title of the novel and the plot is a chain that does not complicate despite the simplicity of the style and the humor of the writer and my temporary enjoyment with them, but spelling errors do not count and repeat some words in them More than once it was more abundant .. Eli Cables in the novel are two contradictions with a lot of contradiction .. Elie caught the eye of the hero Jaser quickly and his love for rapprochement to Yara and his proximity to our Lord quickly without seducing his feelings and fighting himself in the distance from the chawat .. lacking in some of the most exciting events
Boring and very bad a few of the above is true ... one star is enough for it.
uncomfortable . I did not like anything. The phone does not work in the old and majestic TV, and there are only five channels. The toilet of the toilet does not work. There is no transportation for the campus. There are no commercial stores next to it, especially the grocery, the price is high compared to the size of the room and the service.
I feel that in the narration, I want to enter politics in the text, and I don’t know. I’m frankly, I’m not his savior, and I say it with me for weeks.
The writer does not know the Coptic history well nor the life of the holy monastic .. The monk does not escape from the hustle and bustle of the world but goes to the desert for his love in the Lord and his desire to draw close to him and enjoy a holy life ... This story is not true as the writer mentioned in a television interview for him, but I neglect it in the book, leaving the continent to believe it is a true story.
Bad for families. The location is excellent. The luggage is worn out, the bathrooms are bad-smelling, the luggage is unbearable
I think that the writer is somewhat harsh in judging our society, no one denies the negatives that we have and that we need a great deal to amend, but I think that some of our intellectuals are very impressed with Western culture to the point of drunkenness and it is not mentioned that we were applying the things that we are demanding before the West knew them mainly, and despite My disagreement with him in some narration, but I do not underestimate the noble purpose of the writer through his book, which carries a great desire to improve our social conditions and improve them
Everything happens because of, and for a reason,, I like my mother&#39;s faith..and she says to me day after day that there is no place for chance in our destiny.
I read the book after I saw after the quotes. The author did not succeed in convincing me that I love Abdul Aziz Lajman and all that convinced me of him is that he is someone who does not know what he wants in this life. I never understood how a gentleman or any girl could love someone like him .. Some of the sentences were beautiful, but there are no justifiable events or realistic behaviors.
The novel in general is a good idea and interesting because it deals with events about the jinn and the occult world. This is in itself an interesting thing and many people love to hear this type of story because it is closer to the truth than any other type of horror ... but what surprised me was that the story is basically not terrifying. The style of recounting the novel is reasonable, although it would have been better for many Lea in which there are drawbacks like, for example, that the writer spoke a lot in the colloquial dialect, and I can be Egyptian and the Saudi colloquial dialect is a little strange to me, so it was something that was not likable to me and a confusion .. also for a reason that the writer did not understand. The characters of the jinn are a little of human natures and enough, for example, that among the events of the novel is that the jinn Hogan, the protagonist of the novel, gave a cell phone to him, so that he would talk to him if he had a need, and he did not exist. This is, however, in most of the events of the novel, you will feel that you are reciting from ordinary human beings, and how does he work in order to answer money and return from work tired, wanting to sleep .. It is not assumed that the imagination is wide and fertile more than that. In general, I did not regret my village, but I don&#39;t think I can read a second need for the same writer in the near future.
It is one of the few times that a comparison of cinematic work with original written work in favor of cinematic work ends. As if it is a work that has nothing to do with the written work whose extreme surface, naivety, straightforwardness, and fabrication are very necessary. Very frustrating work
Laughed and pitched to people. . The service is very bad. . The room is not clean . Rather, it was filthy and looked at more than one room, all of which are at the same level and the price for any room at this level does not exceed SR. .
For the first time I read the famous Sudanese writer Amir Taj Al-Sir. The truth is that this short anecdotal set, inspired by the author&#39;s practice of the profession of medicine in remote countryside, tries to impart a certain idea and images, but the literary style stubborn cannot attract the reader in any way.
A confusing story with hushed things that did not come out or are incomplete or that I did not understand them there are parts that I liked but in general I did not understand them
I came across it suddenly .. And I read it suddenly also ... One hour is enough to read his thoughts .. If you really want a book to accompany you for an hour .. You can have it .... What most fascinated me was the style .. metaphor and smart phrases .. in Every time I like playing with words I like the writer&#39;s imagination .. I find that I can understand the story and her feelings as a woman .. but it remains a novel that our names are also very ordinary .. with a very ordinary story .. you read it in an hour and you may forget it in an hour also ... but it is beautiful.
Congestion and services are very late and not responding to the phone and we asked to have a family with a child and they gave us a room for two people only. Location only. Cleanliness, services and lack of reception
His method is well complex and has a long amount of fading, that is, necessary. It is very bad, I am incomplete, and I don&#39;t know all the people. I am happy with him
I did not enjoy reading it, the story revolves around an married Afghan woman who has two children, her husband is an Afghan fighter who was shot and entered into a coma when his wife became the one who took care of him and ended up considering him as a stone of her patience that started before him to complain and groan to all her misfortunes or the pain that does not take place To reveal it to others, I leave you with the imagination of what her husband did when he woke up from his coma
The worst form of freedom advocates is the one who discusses women&#39;s freedom to strip and denounces their right to cover
Just one or two analogies from this bureau were beautiful to me ... beautiful and not amazing. And help them,. I did not find it to my understanding, at least meaning
Don&#39;t stay here Just asked me about my comment Someone who booked this hotel from his workplace. Here&#39;s what I wrote: The smell of cigarette smoke and the holes in bed sheets as a result of extinguishing cigarettes with stains on the walls and bed sheets. The room has a small window that cannot be opened in the middle between a double car road and a railway line with all the word that the taxi describes that the hotel describes Not a taxi. This taxi is only a private car in a deplorable condition that we had to share with other demolers, although we paid the same taxi tariff. The trails are very noisy located miles away from outside Washington, DC, in an area that lacks so much that you simply don&#39;t get here.
Weak. . Poor hygiene of towels, bedspreads and bathrooms .. Reception delay.
The first thing I read to Al-Manfalouti and my sincere admiration ... Of course, what I admire is not the language, but the story itself was woven and finished when what Al-Manfalouti said in the introduction that he is the most abominable in the world and that with these expressions he tries to comfort them. love and romance . This is another reason to hate the stories because I hated all the romantic stories, and I also felt in the abras that I had a romance that increased the needs of this, so I never really got lost. And the greatest need was paralyzed by the Indian story. I was imprisoned in the same village where his maternal uncle and one love saved him. Glory to God, Talat, the uncle&#39;s daughter. This is if Bidur is on his maternal uncle on Faisal Street, so there is no trace of him for people who go to America and find a cousin. Her love and she died. And Hua died too. And his mother, of course, died. I wanted to ask his mother what? If I had, I would have said the best stupid family like his uncle. Evaluation of stories. One orphan star. Zero martyrs ... very bad. The veil ... two stars. Male .. two stars. The abyss ... two stars. The penalty ... a star. Punishment ... two stars. The victim .. is yellow and long strong for no reason
disappointing. Ali Street Hotel. Our place has been changed to another hotel
I did not expect you to take this novel from me all this time because it is finished, its character is dominated by the boring successive narration, some passages of it may interest you, but in general it will not cause you to stick to it until you finish it. The only beautiful and unique thing about it is that it makes you head east, to know that there is a rich, rich, and delicious history in that part of the world.
I read it for a while ,, I don’t remember anything from it ,, so I can consider it it did not add anything to me.
I wasn&#39;t sure if the novel was true, and it was originally called a novel that merits two or three stars, but I think two are more than enough because of its popularity. Boring and unattractive.
Residence will not be repeated. . Very bad service from room service during the evening..I waited a long time and called again on them, but without interest ..
A dismal narration that endears one in death. The amount of despair is terrible. The open end is very provocative. I liked it, and I bought a lifetime for the writer, Muhammad Sadiq.
The Purity of Purity .. The name of this book and some of the readers ’comments aroused my appetite and my enthusiasm to read it ... However, after reading it, I saw that the writer appears as if he is a teenager who needs discipline ... and also there are some completely contradictory situations ... as if he is writing the ideas he creates At that time without interest in the plot. I felt that I was reading his draft, not his book ... so many similes that I felt bored and forgot about the main topic.
I did not like it frankly, I did not find anything interesting in terms of the story, or even an end to which events will turn out, or depth in the characters .. It is a story about a family diary during the period of the Islamic State&#39;s fall in Granada .. nothing more, nothing less.
disappointing. . The presence of bars, discos, inconvenience and the hotel comfort is not good
disappointing. . The reception has delayed us, and the lack of interest in providing any hospitality was a boring wait time
A salacious angel
It was never satisfactory. I liked the Ramadan breakfast and the staff’s handling of the food process. A summit of ethics and speed. The hotel was bad in cleanliness. I entered my room because I showed them the money discount letter and I just saw that there was a delay and a fool of housekeeping ..
The book is under the name of the novel, but the author added a kind of philosophical essays with an input that led to weakness and out of the narrative perspective, but it was better to put these articles alone in another book or published alone or in a group.
Ahmed Helmy, the actor, loved him very much. Ahmed Hamli the writer I hope he forgets this profession and does not repeat the experiment. The articles are just stuffing and full of repetition. Perhaps one article I felt that Ahmed Helmy was the writer had really made me laugh and it is just a question. And one article that affected me is Zagrota and loneliness. Were it not for Ahmed Helmy’s name and his fame, he would not have found a publishing house that would publish such articles and when he found someone who would buy this book but all the respect for him in that the proceeds of the book was for a charitable organization .. Ahmed used his name and his fame for good and this type of exploitation is respectful, heart-loving and good
I hope that you will develop more and more cleanliness. I don&#39;t like anything. To be honest, I liked the hotel this much, but the last time, everything was very bad from reception, from the cleanliness of the room and the bathroom. I was in a very room. The bathroom is bad, the room is not clean, the boiler is dirty, and even the cup is dirty.
I read it from his light and what I loved
Hotel services do not rise to be right next to the sanctuary. Generally clean. The reception staff Faisal Hani is uncooperative, the space of the rooms is small, the air conditioning is broken, and its maintenance has taken time, and the food is calculated on the customer&#39;s internet, so there is never anything but in the lobby
I can hardly believe my eyes that the author of this absurdity is a professor, doctor and orientalist who is one of the most who served Islamic philosophy in general and Sufism in particular. The author of this talk is definitely a foolish crazy fool. .
An honest hotel in its dealings, for the first day they are amazed by their services, and after that they take you down with you and try to exude you at any cost. . They are dishonest and suggest improvised systems that are unfounded
This book is almost one of the books of the Sufis, who move away, and keep people away from life and its pleasures, and from beauty, and from love, adoration, and sex, and everything that is delicious in this worldly life. If this book is presented without a writer’s name, you will think that it was written By one of the sheikhs of the Sufi orders, and for this you find that in this book the matter is sometimes confused with the writer, and you also see exaggeration, I think, in the reduction of this instinct that the children of Adam have broken, but the writer confused the love of the adornment of this life with the love of the afterlife. The writer talks about love of the opposite sex, lust, and instinct, and the writer tries to make people understand that sex is not the power Ace, and he is not what is required in this life, and tries to keep them away from this bestiality and animalism as he says, and I do not think that this is true, because sex is from the Sunnahs of God in the universe, and the relationship between male and female is the origin, and it must then build, and without it there would not have been For human beings, neither was civilization, nor are they sad, yes that it is not everything, but it is a source, and it is, as some say, a trap in which the offspring and the survival of the species occur, and without this lust and this desire there would not have been a multiplication, and if people were left without it, he would not Nobody brings her close and no one will dare pay for it, about the intimate relationship I am talking about, so I saw that this book might have been published at a stage Mysticism experienced by the writer, for example, the writer says: Who is Lily, and Brown, and Sa&#39;di, and Lamia? And it completes the saying: It is only the names engraved by your winds, on your sea, and tomorrow other names are engraved for us, and all of them are going to disappear, and you are never going to the survival of sailing beauty and love ...., believe those who say I love you, and lie who said I love only you, and his soul lied one day Resurrection .. This is some of the few sayings of the writer in this book. At the beginning, Professor Mustafa mentioned to us how women exploit the gentle gender, the man&#39;s love for this womanhood, his weakness in her resistance to profit and trade from advertisements, songs, dancing, playfulness, and muddling, and how this turnout helped to counterfeiting, deception, fraud, fraud, and even brainwashing, manipulating feelings and feelings For material gain, and for laughter on a man and woman .. Likewise, beauty is confined to some formalities that are not real at first, so eyes are not eyes, nor are litters breasts, nor voice as well, nor hair, nor eyelashes, nor cheeks, nor textures, but rather they are forgery and suggestion Ignite and cheat, and this is what we see today in a world Space and social communication, the use of sex has become today a feature of this era, the trade of women and their tools is one of the largest trades of the civilized free world, and comes second after the trade of death and killing, slave markets today everywhere, and in every corner of the capitals of the West, and the law allows women By practicing prostitution and selling passion in the name of personal freedom, the woman is the sensitive tendon in which he plays and on him .. I share a lot of what the author said, we are undoubtedly in the era of monkeys, that was the date of the publication of this book, but today after twenty-five years, I think We have passed the era of monkeys in stages, and perhaps we are today in the age of th Nazir, but I also disagree with him on some matters. The contradiction is clear and mysticism is the significance of this book, but in any case the writer has a point of view that respects and appreciates .. An excellent book like the rest of the books of Professor Mustafa Mahmoud, he has what he has and what he has, God forgave him and us, and helped us to ourselves In this age and in the ages to come, we hope that we will not be monkeys or pigs
disappointing. Shuttle trips to the campus. Lack of attention to hygiene
Mild, as a dessert after a meal.
There is no credibility and booking on reservation is contrary to what we found there wifi. . There is no internet, transportation is very bad, the staff is very bad, there is no truth in the transaction, and the reservation to bookings is not identical to what we got there, we were not given a family of children even though the reservation was adults and children, and we were told to put the children in your arms and no beds for them
Propaganda for an unworthy hotel. The presence of parking lots. The entrance to the hotel is beautiful. There is a swimming pool. In front of the hotel there is a mosque .. the hotel needs to be restored. The lack of maintenance as it should. The toilet needs maintenance. Unavailability of toothbrush and toothpaste. About half the room is illuminated and does not light up. The TV channel receiver is malfunctioning and they use the shading method so that the operator operates a sports channel for you in a certain way without connecting the receiver. Do not use credit card payments.
Duplicate idea, boring style, and filled with unnecessary stuffing
After a great confusion, I and two of my best friends chose the right restaurant for dinner after the time was late .. I went to Applebee&#39;s to try my friends were never enthusiastic about the idea because they expected that the restaurant is very expensive too. It was the first experience and everyone is hungry .. I bet on the restaurant’s reputation and said if What you liked eating .. The dinner would be at my expense. I am the hero: The important thing is that we entered the restaurant .. The reception was very good .. We sat at the table and the menu came .. I do not hide you that the choice of the menu was worse than eating itself .. It causes a great puzzlement with the lack of options Many .. You are confined to a certain number of dishes .. The important thing is we asked for some title She came and two dishes with ornaments and drinks .. The appetizer dish came .. I would not have what came .. He blocked ourselves from bad food .. And God knows not what we eat .. The last thing we did not complete: The important thing came the rest of the dishes and we ate in a hurry we no longer enjoy the food .. And the long time we swear that this visit will not be repeated .. After finishing the dinner and attending the famous ornament, cool, hot, limited, forgotten, his name is the response of the soul, Shui Halali .. I mean, the conclusion was frank. Among the people ... It is possible that we were wrong in choosing our dishes .. But even if there is a difference in tastes, this disparity will not be disgusted. One of the dish while enjoying eating with another for garnish ominous Sorvq image in the album:
Close to the sanctuary ... lethal, so climb up. The staff is very interesting. Everything is bad except for the excellent staff
Ahmed Khaled Tawfik was young and his imagination marred him.
The only reason I had this book is because of those quotes I had always read to him, but I was surprised that the novel was vulgar and traditional.
A boring book for the extremists
Be certain that your sin will find you ..
Weak. . The staff of the staff is very bad, I had to wait about three hours to enter the chalet under the pretext of cleaning, and they sent me to a haunted chalet with people, in short, the resort management is bad and I do not know what to do with the customers and their reception desk every minute is a problem with the clients.
I did not like the book except the first poems, so I imagined that he deserved four stars, but the rest of the poems made him not worth more than two stars.
To its text, I used to star it with a star, but I benefited from the interpretation of some verses, and I liked it very much, describing the events of Muhammad Mahmoud and criticism of the Muslim political movement in the meeting of Imam Ahmed with the Sheikhs .. I liked the idea of traveling through time, but I was hoping that the personality of Imam Ahmed bin Hambal would be replaced by a fictional character close to him Instead of the idea of attributing fictional events, why ...
The greatest constitution known to mankind:. Go irreversibly, you and your deposed boss
The only reason I was encouraged to read this novel was because it won the Best Novel Award. Through its pages that crossed the page, I did not find humor, nor lessons, nor criticism or courage in offering. The writer was careful not to harm his collective conscience with his social and religious aspects and did not give any reason or solution to the problems of his life and the moral, social and family deviation suffered by the hero and other personalities .. Because of the current conditions of society in the events of the novel in it, it is possible to understand the achievement made by the writer by his audacity to present these types One of the social problems in a novel that achieved unworthy success .. I felt bored with the beginning and end of the novel. I did not take enough doses of the popular nature of the city of Jeddah, where the writer failed to communicate life and social images in a clear or enjoyable way .. I would not advise anyone to read this novel as it would not add anything to a social model that would not be beneficial for such a negative discourse.
not good . I did not like anything. The restaurant in the hotel is one of the worst in restaurants
not arrived yet
Normal and expected. Why do you like this?
Why all this prolongation ... Why are all these obscenities ... In fact, I have not seen from this novel except physical deviations in which I have not touched the human character ... One event around which the novel revolves ... The rest of the events explain what has happened in the life of both the lady and her servant ... a more than bold attempt to write a story that the Arab community rejects ... but it is totally useless because of the weak plot and the absence of the human side ... The writer should have made a greater effort and diversified the events ... perhaps this was in her favor:
Pain my heart, O Athir. You copied the event rates to your loved ones more than they should. The same arrogance of the hero and the same submission of the heroine. What is different is that the storyteller is the hero this time
Initially, this novel is never named for its content, at least in my personal opinion. The so-called immorality or moral decay is the best that can be included under it and its pages contain this narration. The amount of moral degeneration and pornographic descriptions is repellent and very, very repugnant and is transmitted along the novel in an alienating way. I felt that the characters of the novel are more like beasts than they are in human beings. Perhaps beasts, if I were aware of my liking, would accuse me of the crime that I likened to it. Vladin, creation, and even human logic and instincts deters the characters of the male novel about immorality and the practice of vices with the closest people to them from sisters, aunts, incest and a handful of women .. I have a lot of blame on myself first to waste my time in this sickness and on those who told me magnificence and that it is a masterpiece in the world of novels. The novel is not a masterpiece, but the reputation preceded the richness, as it is said. Therefore, we find the high number of praisers, even though in our Arab novels it is more beautiful than beauty, good, essence, subtraction and style. This novel has struck me since its inception, very bored and grudgingly completed it despite the gloom that it caused me when I read it and after it was closed .. For more details on the reasons why I blame this novel. List the following: First: The Arabic translation was bad for me grammatically. The combinations of sentences and phrases are bad and sometimes lead to confusion and lack of understanding of the confusion of pronouns, not to mention the misuse of punctuation, which confused me a lot while reading. You do not know whether the sentence with the point ended until after you find yourself in four sentences followed by this and this is one of the most prominent things that offended the novel and reduced its evaluation. And the breaks distributed over the text are in accordance with the mood of the translator or the writer .. Secondly, the writer&#39;s style and narration method lacks literary beauty in the description, simulation and irritation of feelings and other factors that usually compel the reader to engage in the experience of reading the novel as if it is part of it with his passion and aspiration for events .. Third: Writer The novel loves digression and this is the worst part about it. Once you find yourself coinciding with the reader in the novel and with one of her characters, and at the important and distinguished moment of the life of that character, you find it extends to another personality that is far from its events, personality and composition, from the character that you were escorting until recently. The writer continues to digress for about eight pages and then brings you back to where you were, and you lose your enthusiasm and your feelings cool down, while you digress and start it carelessly. And do not forget to burn the documents of his novel and the most prominent events of it by surprise, so you will be aware of the end of a character even before it appears in the novel sometimes, which causes boredom and lack of suspense .. Fourth: I do not know if the frustration that I felt was because of the poor Arabic translation or whether the novel really does not deserve all This reputation. Personally, I prefer the other option, because it has no substance and depth, which makes it compete for the greatest novels. I did not find this novel a human dimension or an intellect urging me to stop and discuss it with myself. It was just a tedious narration that I completed until I ended it hard-working ... And finally: I intended to evaluate this novel with only one star, but in order to reduce my sorrow for my time and because the end of the novel somehow liked me, I gave this novel another star .. It is very unfortunate that I finished a year with a novel like this I was hoping for a better end for my reading year here. I never liked the writer for his style, ideas, and narration, and I will avoid him in the future, God willing.
Hotel catches. This hotel is bad and the speech you have is incorrect. The rooms are bad and the air conditioning is bad until the dirt accumulates on it in a high location that is difficult to reach easily. The parking places are about one kilo from the residence. Electrification which is not specified, let alone what breakfast service providers do with electrical interests to kill flies, as well as saying that firing on the sanctuary is not correct. All his services are bad
I read it as a resident of it before it was published ... A weak version of it .. It contained all the mistakes that a new novel might contain ... A very weak language ... a bad narration style ... a consuming story ... a poor public dialogue I hate slang in The dialogue ... Mahmoud is missing you a lot, a lot, a lot of reading ... I may be harsh in my judgment, or frankly increased, but I prefer to tell the shocking truth instead of the lie that aggravates the error ... Remember, Mahmoud, after years, when I read many times, she looked again On this novel, I promise you will be ashamed of who you are.
Not worth more than a star. View of the Haram only. The room smells bad and the rooms are not clean
Its prices are very high. Prices the price does not match the hotel The hotel is very old and the prices are high and do not match. Prices are very high
One of the narratives of psychological torture .. Who is the most insignificant of what I have read?
Very bad compared to the hotel rating. Location. View and facilities. Breakfast .. price. The reception does not have a response after attempts and in the event of a response it is late in meeting the request, and the abuse of reception staff is very high. There are no insulators, because the rooms can hear the sounds of the next room. Toiletries are missing. A tax on cleaning the room. The coffee machine in the room isn&#39;t working. Closing the room without informing the tenant in the event of an exit date, noting that I went up to the room ten minutes before the departure date and found it closed and no one told me by phone. Squash lounge locked. The lobby is not clean and full of flying insects.
Who is truly gruesome?
A very bad hotel. Too bad, the picture in Bucking is a lie that differs from reality and the use of only a fictional style, but reality is a very bad lie in everything. Too bad, the picture in Poking is a lie that differs from reality and the use of a pictorial style only. As for reality, a lie is very bad in everything. I advise not to book in it, and I ask Poking that the room photos be the same as the reality.
She deserves more than one star, because some pornographic phrases in her made her a clichéd novel, which spoiled her events that would have been more beautiful without her.
I did not find in the book what I expected. I do not deny that he added a lot of information about Sufism and was distinguished by collecting all opinions and responding to it and brought me to the writer his balanced view of Sufism, as all his thoughts and opinions were logical and my vision of beautiful balanced Sufism without hyperbole and without stalking and hostility. But I waited for him to talk a lot about some of the stars of Sufism, their articles, their lives, their community, and I rejoiced a lot when he started talking about Rabaa Al-Adawiya and expected that it would continue in the same way, but suddenly there was amputation of my hopes, and he only spoke about three others in brief lines, thank you. It blended in very well with the last part of the book where the Awliya of God extracted from the verses of the Noble Qur’an brought me close to them in a different way, as if I had not heard these stories from the Greens, the Cave of Heaven and his friend. Characters the writer was able to brilliantly depict for me until they lived, lived, loved, and attached to them in a way that had never happened before. Perhaps the writer was not convinced, except for the three personalities and fourths mentioned in the Qur’an from the people of Sufism, and he did not try to penetrate into the lives of others due to the suspension of many myths and legends on the people of Sufism. May God bless the writer and his continuous attempt to search until I reach my goal
Very weak. I didn&#39;t like something at the hotel. I did not like everything
Very different from the description. nothing. everything
An unnamed name. Density of trees. The place is dirty and maintenance is not done
The percentage of the hotel was clean, but the inconvenience of the lofts is very expensive. . Overpriced price, the pool was dirty and smelled bad
Quotes. . Not everyone who is the son of Adam is a human being and not everyone who prays five Muslims while I have. Muslims Every one who is born by a Muslim vagina is a Muslim, even if it is an adultery that is not prayerful. . An old woman in Samarkand asks an army jurist to open her country after looting. What brings you to us? Al-Faqih: Allah has sent us to you. Old man: I did not know before that God had thieves. . The real thief is not the one who steals your house, but the one who steals your presence. . Whoever teaches you that a tyrant was great is stealing your history .. Whoever teaches you to kill in the name of jihad is stealing your blood, so if you kill others he steals your hand. . This Bilal Al-Abed, when he did not worship God during the days of ignorance, was not because he was a pagan, but rather because he was a slave and according to him, His servitude prevents him from divinity, not only because this existential crisis prevented his mind from thinking of any theological crisis, but because it is arbitrary To ask God to worship Him in Heaven while suffering from slavery on earth, and by the presence of there is nothing but pain .... He was not accepted to be a slave to God in heaven and is also a slave to a master on earth, he hates a single slave whoever is its party. So he did not belong to the worship of Lat and Uzza even though he was in Quraysh, and he was not a Christian because he was Ethiopian. In any case, this stolen by his presence did not think about the problem of the existence of God, he was thinking about the problem of his existence he is, he is a slave .... needs freedom and Not to God ..... So realistically, Bilal did not have a god because he had no freedom ... The scholars ’acceptance of the hadith tucked into the logic of the two testimonies ordered that I fight people until they say there is no god but God .. and adopt it epistemically for the identity of Islam and the logic of God .. Here the scholars make God a king who sends people who kill people in order to recognize him. But God is not. . He tells the story of their history that a Muslim man said to him, “When you called Ammar Ibn Yasir the son of the black man, the Prophet expelled him from the eye of Islam and said at that time his big word,“ I have taken you for your Islam, so go. So the word I told you here opens an existential point of Islam and belongs to him, find a paradox for what is familiar. If someone sacks his faith and his relationship with God, it is an internal, subjective thing. But he can sack someone from his group.
I would never recommend it. There is no. The price is exaggerated, it lacks very hygiene, the reception is unresponsive, we called for two days, and did not respond to a request for a golf car, the restaurant is crowded at breakfast, there are no activities at the resort and there are no services at the beach
There is a car park. . There are parking lots
Sometimes it is so repugnant that he sails things that do not relate to the title of the book as the camels of Western democracy and useless things that provide pages of the book in order to be more brief and more useful
You must not read him to be indignant of the man. I read it while I had a true heart and soul ... so I did not enjoy the required amount. However, my name was registered in the treaty .. out of time
Good for non-families. . The night club and its visitors
Strange and incomprehensible, I did not understand what he wanted the writer to convey, perhaps the problem of my lack of understanding, not the book .. Confusing events with events due to manipulation of time and the presentation and delay of events. Personally, I like manipulation of time. In my review of a novel of honor to Chavek, I said that the most beautiful thing is manipulation of time and overlapping of events. The bad one star, because there is nothing less. If it had not been for Ahmed Naji&#39;s trial, I would not have heard or read the book, so the trial and controversy is a free publicity for the author and the book.
Poor material and second degree
God ... this is where they viewed the Zina contracting films with Hazelum&#39;s voice. It is clear that there is a sinister alliance between Brother Saleh al-Almani and the Qatari Bloomsbury House, in that they present the worst and most bad works of Latin literature? I mean, I am not able to understand Saleh Al-Layani with his highly respected history of translation, there is no able to differentiate salvation between real and Indian and Spanish series literature ????. Why is this, Saleh?
Honesty is a very bad restaurant. For example, I saw a propaganda that I said is enough to be surprised that it is enough for one or two of them.
You read a disgusting and trivial novel, but it is not interesting, and there is no objection .. But you read a disgusting and boring novel at the same time.
Weak. The place is beautiful, as it is on the third and sixth floor of the airport. The financial value is totally unparalleled in service
Often the problem is with me ....... The style is not nice, and I think that I will not read fiction poetry again for Shawky at least.
disappointing. Unfortunately, I liked it. Kharbouti Hotel
It is not a novel but rather tends to be symbolic thoughts ... it contains a lot of localization of language.
I did not enjoy reading it because he did not achieve my goal of reading it and the title was far from my expectations
What can be learned from this narration ??. What is the important thing that will achieve its impact on the reader&#39;s blood when it is over ??. Or what is the creative idea that came between all these lines and chapters to form an intellectual depth that cannot be moved ?? The problem is that Yasunari was confused and he writes based on the translation, and he was certainly afraid to tell the whole truth as he explains how the old male males are turning in this watch from age towards a suspicious house to sleep with young girls under the age of eighteen, who were intentionally drugged And I stripped them on the bed so that the secret pleasure of those who lost their erection was completed, as if they had regained the time of their virility. I did not find in this narrative talk what attracts me, as well as there were not many events, but a severe, tired and profuse description of things that have no meaning, as if he elaborates on the description of his friend&#39;s soft hand, or the angle of her mouth, and its breakthrough from a tongue or an inverted tooth and what To that of naive analogies. But the power of this book appears in the last ten lines, that intelligence in slapping the reader with the reality of inhumanity, that man who has rushed to the old woman’s rush towards the host woman running the house of sleeping sleepers, telling her that the black girl has died, that comparison between pleasure Physical and the fact that death exists as a heavy shadow that does not budge, I can say that our friend the writer had giggled a lot during the conclusion, and he notices that innocence hanged on the trunk of miserable demonic desires, but even adding it to the host&#39;s reaction which was colder than frost, and she recommends The old man has to return to his bed since he still has another girl In bed, and there is never a need to think about the other that has died, because it will ensure that it is hidden. That great and shocking rift ... when the hero / old man discovers that in this life there are emotional layers, the lowest of which is that money can be covered by the immorality of nudity, so the hostess was calm because she clearly understands that if a girl dies, she will bring another alternative girl, Cheap meat is available and cheap, and the customer is the supreme lord to be satisfied no matter the cost. I do not consider it a novel .. rather, it is a summary of the despicability of some males and their desires, as well as of prostitution that consumes the greed of women, if the writer gave this book some of the extensive dialogues, or he welded to the idea of corruption and the collapse of the sex well of old women and the psychological impact on them If he had added contracts, events, times and places, it would be a novel worth reading. ,.
Very trivial even funny
He deserves a star, but I gave him an additional star, so I met the man and praised his book, so my father is consistent with myself
First, I am surprised by the rural reviews of the novel, which are very, very good, because I felt like readers of work. Secondly, it does not mean that you write Arabic as good that your novel stays sweet ... Third, I read bad works before that, but the first time I know that there is a difference between a bad work exerted in an effort that has an idea and a purely bad work. Fourthly, there is no story, no details, and the summary is one lost while he is small when he grew up sitting on his brother, and after what was superficial, the novel killed him, love remains deep, so the work of his technique is at the end ... done
The site is too far. nothing. Location
My rating is exactly two stars. First of all, a greeting and appreciation to me who thinks that Novell works, or even Egyptian comics. We do not have enough of this artistic production line and it needs encouragement. I hope that we reach a high level of professionalism in producing this type of narration because it differs from the topics, sure will satisfy all tastes and encourage new readers. I have to read it, and it will contribute to a lot of people getting used to reading ... even if it starts to look on for pictures or the writings are de Zi Mickey but the content in the other will impose himself .. Fathia and appreciation for the brave team who did this work and did a lot in it If we talk about artistic directing, which has a huge role Because it is a graphic novel, the graphics are cute and are not unemployment ... there are little mistakes, the intention was good, and the backgrounds are weak, but the overall result of the drawings is not invalid. Font or writing script and formatting it: I canceled words in it that are not clear, what was originally written because of this font, but there are paintings I was confused about. He started from the right and not the north because of the coordination of the speech on the board / drawing. Anyone who speaks anything other than spelling mistakes remains, they are not very much, but I mean, always the story of coordination and spelling mistakes, so the needs of this will remain, and you will know about the one without needing to revise the Prophet and change the font. May God honor you:. The story is missing from the first, of course, but despite that, I would prefer to complete it and know the end, and I know what happened. I was surprised at the reason why Umm and Abu Rami ignored him in the other, so I was not aware that this happened frankly, because the story is sweet and sure, and they will come up with sweetest stories after that. The other two parts are Tuaa Rabi Amma and the next floor, I don&#39;t understand. What is the goal behind them, frankly, what is required? . They were costume workers. More than one of them is a matter for the regular reader or related to the story. Again, I would like to greet and encourage the cute team to exert their efforts .. I am sure that they will achieve better results than this time and wish success for success. :
Beautiful hotel. I thank the reception staff of Mohamed and Ammar and all the staff for the good services. Everything is beautiful in this hotel, except that the double bed was two single beds and was collected side by side, causing discomfort during sleep
I read the book during the Shiite terrorist campaign in Iraq after the American invasion, in which the Safavid Shiite plan for the region was exposed, yet I did not find in the course of reality what justifies the drift behind the strange contradictions and floating narratives without evidence .. which caught my eye that the unknown author He claimed that he had toured with Khomeini between the Iraqi cities and villages in the denial stage and that no one else was with them, and this claim is sufficient to question his credibility, so it is very easy to reveal his identity with this confession .. And in another place he said that he discovered that some of the senior Shiite sheikhs were not circumcised, and that While participating in washing them after their death. The question here is: Does washing the dead makes it possible to see the &#39;awrah? On the other hand, the book lists other accounts and scandals that are extremely important and cannot be questioned, but as long as there is doubt about the identity of the author and his intentions, I do not recommend reading the book, especially since there are other books that do not lack objectivity and honesty.
I feel that I saw this movie before ... a repeated story for me ... but the difference is that I am not aware of the gradual impact. The height of events is not known, I set them all at the same pace until the center of events in the other. I love criminology, forensic medicine and so on. This is what taught me that the last one ... people are often suspicious of it is the reason for every need. The end was not so impressive to me ... The difference is that the stories of Agatha Christie remain unaware that the person whom we did not expect is the reason, but better than the other, I did not know him:. But overall it was a good experience ... It was a psychological novel more than a pure police novel.
Not worth the trip. Its very normal. The price for services is not suitable for recreation. The lobby responds to breakfast. The lunch is not varied on the same days.
Weak. The room was very clean, but the amount of soap and vinyl was very small. Also, the hall did not contain a carpet, nor did the carpet of the bedroom the curtain is bad and totally inappropriate, as well as the inconvenience, as if the residents were with me in the room. The receptionist was a Saudi who does not have the slightest respect for the inmate, as I sat with him in an argument about kindly meeting me with the manager, but he says he does not know where he is and speaks to me while he is sitting. He surrounded a man on a man, and by God I did not see such a situation except in the Ramada Hotel. He was a Saudi and he did not respect the guest. Thank you
Not to move Alwan one step forward, only one step in which he changes his bored characters, heroes and stories, possesses all the tools that can make him a good novelist.
You can take some ideas from the books and drop them superficially on the events, and make a book
A hotel that neither deserves nor a star. nothing. Bedouin from poor reception, lack of response to communications, and delay in bringing the request that you requested, not caring about the guest, as well as breaking the fast from not filling the missing dishes, so they do not know anything about the deficiencies, then also lack of interest in recording who pays the amount upon arrival, where I paid the amount upon arrival, and when I left, they asked me to pay the amount again They refused to leave before leaving, but thank God, the receipt, which was cut and thrown in the trash, was collected by my wife so that we could be released. This is a suffering that occurred to a Saudi citizen, so how about if a foreign tourist comes from him, whatever he has
This book is ridiculous. The ridiculousness of all the leaderboards in the cause of women .. But the stranglehold contains one insane one and one rational and guides her
There is no correlation and no goal.
disappointing. . Bad treatment and worse staff
A star of the idea, and thank you for that ... pseudo-romance, bad style, teenage formulation, contradictions and irrationality. Any comment about the cause of the noise around it is very racist, preferably in my brain. In general, the idea of changing life in the future / being parallel / secret societies in this form is an interesting idea, that the currency remains intelligence, time or others, often sculpted .. She showed the time at least, but she did not see an Arab treatment for her before D and Makanch as appropriate and was burned by the ones around her.
Weak. . The boiler is not working and it has been changed four times,
Hotel needs administrative restructuring. I only liked the site. The price in the hotel is less than Bokeng, as I am a tenant in front of me, and a Syrian person who was rented in only. The internet is bad and very weak. Very small salad bowl and plain rice on the outside to not exceed Rials, and the hotel has real burgers, and the chicken in the hotel is real, there is an infusion, which made us put on him very clean towels, so the garbage bag we put at the door from the outside, and it was present for an hour that did not raise and the food dish For overseas Saatlm I see the world in the hotel so slow is clear lack of employment, even though we repeat in the holiday season, the experience will not Aaidhavabr contains a lot of good hotels
I only loved her name. I feel Juman is provocative and deserves to live all this pain because from the beginning she knew that Aziz was not worthy of love. She did not exhaust herself, and exhausted us with all this pain. I also do not like this way of telling the novel. But I like some sentences
If you have watched a movie. . You read the essence of the novel. The remaining pages are merely literary aerodynamic formulation
And a star with a violin too. Dr. Ahmed Ghawi is a philosophy in which he will write articles that will remain as full. The novel, if you take a few articles, will be excellent hard. Excellent language ability. Creative similes. Pictures of a rhetoric, not to solve. But the novel has nothing to do with the name of the novel. All stories are truncated and there is no plot, neither at the beginning nor at the end. What I benefited from is that I truly believed that Dr. Ahmed Yasari embraced the principle that religion is the opium of the people. My friend, who was totally rejecting it. It means the religious rise of an infidel in his principles in the end. The atheist is the one who is correct because he was a researcher of the truth. Unfortunately Dr. Ahmed burned himself faster than Dr. Nabil Farouk:. This is the last thing I pay for money bearing his name
This novel, if it is not a life story of a worried woman, is a story of love, carried by the inevitable realism .... I see that it is full of cold expressions at times and cruel at other times ...... However, it did not reach its meanings to what I was above.
Bad in every sense of the word
Nice .. light .. and concluded in a few minutes ..
disappointing. The buffet. Hygiene and the presence of insects in it
A room where there are no electrical outlets in the lounge and the lack of required support for the customer. there is nothing. The receiver is ruined if the room leaves and the voices of the guests in the corridor are clearly disturbing from inside the rooms
That stubborn novel. I spent a lot trying to complete reading it, around the year, the beginnings were not encouraging. Until I was able to complete it in the last days ... I do not understand the reason for filling the novel with all these sexual details and porn fantasies ... Perhaps he was trying to depict what is being said in the mind of the husband of the protagonist .. or even to depict the male idea of. Female ?? But he skipped that ... and reached a disgusting style close to the style of cheap books ... The story itself is worn out, incoherent ... and it can be summed up already. In a bear dispute between a couple, the wife left her home. Do not require a paper to write ... The only wonderful thing, are those messages ... which I see very elegant and eloquent in its style, information and ideas. Perhaps I felt some stretching and lengthening, but it does not detract from the beauty of those messages ... Writing about the female, in my opinion, does not call for all this description that reaches the level of porn ... It was sufficient for the author to grab the first hundred leaves, and leave the remaining seventy ... to become a reasonable novel
Hilton, but we went to the Taba Hilton hotel, and the family and it was a bad visit. The family and I could not have a good meal in any restaurant. I do not know for sure that this hotel is not a five-star hotel. The food is very bad. The kitchen level is very bad. I am not thinking of returning to Hilton again.
Makhies. The buffet is sweet and sweet. No parking, no car drivers
Bad for the hotel not meeting the conditions set in the contract in terms of non-smoking private roles. Location. The role of non-smokers and everyone in the role smokes, and a complaint has been submitted, but they deliberately ignore this topic and refuse the service by addressing the owners of the rooms who smoke and it is in the private role of non-smokers. Take it again to recommend it
Paying for the discomfort. I did not like anything. administrative staff
I read it on the train while taking a break from reading the book of Al-Hajjaj bin Youssef Al-Thaqafi:. It motivated me to buy it originally, a sincere written review, and time for the new moves in the book ... black pages ... the term educational entertainment. It is a shame in my tone for the terminology of terminology, even if it is out of curiosity about what it is, then I find it a noble method, for example. Then the movement of the code that you expose to a scanner, so you can enjoy a music clip that you do not know. The novel is traditional regarding building it. It&#39;s like reading Mickey, for example, just beautiful for class and entertainment. If he had presented the information in a magazine, I would not have acquired it, but as a novel in which I pay riyals, I will not do ... a star for pictures and colors..and a star for the beautiful time I was joking about it ... and we can enjoy the pictures and information provided by the author here :. : //. / =
Weak. Location. Inconvenience and prices that are not available on the site.
I did not enjoy it .. Maybe someone else saw it beautiful
Of course, for the honesty, I went to him on a Thursday, the restaurant was very crowded, but we found a table outside for us, we waited for the time for the menu, when they got the cups and the eating tools, we were not adding it, I went back, a cup and a fork, they were not clean. I asked for something that was praised for me, and I increased what I liked, but I only turned it on from the starters who These are the eggplant rolls, but the rest of the food is O God, thank you. The prices are very, very exaggerated
Poor style, dull details, wild imagination, and a bleak ending .. I regret buying me
Weak. . Cleanliness is lacking, especially in the toilets
I want her, she does not know me and I do not know her, because there is nothing except for she knows me and knows her .. she speaks silent and responds to her silently .. lost silence is like messing around, but he has a long talk in the two hearts. Ok brother, as long as silence is the most beautiful conversation among the lovers in your opinion, listen to the advice of yourself and have mercy on us from the book page on your love. I used to imagine that I would not read anything more correct than Gibran&#39;s works, Khalil Gibran .. I was wrong. Mustafa Sadiq Al-Rafei has a great ability to stuff pages with words of no use. More than one page, I did not remember one sentence from them ... but one word from what I read .. Sometimes even I did not remember the previous sentence on the sentence that I read .. No, not because of my lack of focus, but because it has nothing worth paying attention to in the book ... I mean. Someone who loved a girl and separated..what would I gain from reading the words of love and love between them? What would it add to my information to know the feelings of one who loves one? . And most importantly, what thought messages of love are discussed and found? . The only benefit I would have was romantic fantasies ... if I were a teenager under a year old. As for Al-Rafii’s style, it happened, and there is nothing wrong with it. It seems to me that Al-Rafii wants to dazzle the reader with his linguistic achievement. And my flower, my darling, said to me: Rather, I am a perfume planet. I was from her beautiful hand in the arousing of a flowing flower. Then I scattered from my astronomer and withered. I felt that I had a heart that loved and loved and fell ill because I had a heart that loved and loved. I was blessed with fragrant fragrance and scent, and when her lips touched me, I returned, love and abandoned me, because I returned, smelling love. The previous sentence I did not pick, but I opened the book arbitrarily. I extracted a sentence from the page that I opened .. But it is an excellent example of what the book overflows with a handful that overcomes the plight of Soma El-Asheq and El-Sisi. Another book throws him under the bed
Bad management. . Hotel management in general is not good and it is not recommended to go to the hotel unlike last year and I think the reason for changing the operating company of the hotel
Actually, it is tourism for the rich and the stupid only. the place. The way to get the maximum profit to the extent that in the lunch meal you feel and the crew was doing anything to order things on the bill at prices that are really very expensive as the small bottle of water the eye that is sold in dirhams you get in dirhams
disappointing. Proximity to the sanctuary. Interior brushes cleaning, entrance cleaning, hallways cleaning, interior cleaning in general
In my opinion, if it were a group of studies or discussions about the holiness of the female, it could be more wonderful, I did not like the novel and the way the wife left her husband once I knew that the female is historically sacred, the writer&#39;s style is beautiful and I believe that the first part of sexual overtones is only to draw attention to the act of procreation and pregnancy His sanctification, and the superficiality of a man&#39;s view of this act as merely temporary pleasure, is abundant information, but plot wastes pleasure.
I did not like it, however I continued reading it, I did not get any benefit or pleasure from it.
Unfortunately very boring I did not enjoy reading it
Linguistically, I felt that it was weak, I mean, adding to a new dictionary words or new meanings at all .. A quick narration in its events, I am jealous and you never read it bored, but it needed more effort from my point of view, it needed more details about Hassan Al-Sabah and a drawing of his personality greater than that .. Breeze His disappearance was very strange in the end, he was supposed to have a role. The novel is fine, the writer&#39;s style is sweet. But the plot needed more work, and the language wanted to create two songs. With an increase in the drawing of characters ... but at the end I cannot but say that I enjoyed it:
Weak. . Breakfast is very bad. There is no respect for the Islamic religion or Arab customs at the call to prayer. Please respect our faith and turn off the music system
Unfortunately substandard
Come again and repent. Treated only one receptionist and one cleaning employee. I did not like that they chose a room for us with adapted air conditioning, and the room was not changed for us until after an hour and a half, there was no electricity except in the bathroom, and it was broken when ordering something.
Although I am afraid of the dialogues of the jinn and the orcs and almost all the novel is based on them: / But the laughter in which we forget horror. Slight benefit among large books boring ..
. It is not surprising, it is valuable, nor any blemish, laughing, and surprising people who like it. Not scratched more than an hour, do not know how
Very bad experience and a miserable stay. The furniture is very old and uncomfortable, and there are bed bugs, and staying in the hotel has caused me a disease because the air is not clean and there is a crib in the air conditioners of the hotel, in short, a very disgusting hotel and bad treatment. Yes, it was a very bad experience. The furniture is very disgusting, especially the sofa in the hall stems from a disgusting smell. Since the first minute in the hotel I asked for my money back to change the hotel, but they refused, and this is God’s grace and yes the agent
One of the most ridiculous things that Ahmed Murad wrote, the suspense element was absent, and Ahmed Ahmed Murad was absent
What I like about Mrs. Ahlam ... is that she has a great ability to lure the readers and enjoy their limitations of saturated fatty dramatic writing, so to speak. But ... in my opinion, whoever reads dreams knows that only one of her novels suffices .. and he does not need to read more .. the reason is that all dreams are similar to each other .. whether in the way of narration .. or in aesthetic and dramatic expressions. Or even at events. As a loving reader, Mrs. Ahlam Qarat has her first novel only, Memory of the Flesh, and I have not read other ... except excerpts and Tarateh from her other novels .. especially the last of which is black, worthy of you..and frankly, I have not found anything that distinguishes her last novel from other previous novels .. all She talks about the story of love between a man and a woman .. It ends with separation and estrangement within many political, national and other events .. Ms. Ahlam says at the beginning of her novel, Admiration is the handsome twin of love .. I believe that her novels are nothing but duplicated, identical twins.
The biggest reason is that I do not like the mistreatment of the cashier staff for the baker. I don’t know what the exact reason is, are they given courses in dealing with the deaf and dumb, and how ?? I mean, someone spoke to you with a gesture, and not satisfied with shaking the head, hopefully as if they were giving alms to the one: I forbid to go to MOB because of their eating, but because of the bad treatment: With Pandor, the best alternative for them is to evaluate them: eating from the prices from their service from
One of the worst endings that I have read in my life: ... to the extent that after the conclusion of the novel, I turned the page and I have hope that it is written for her second part
Thus, the nation conspired, first and foremost, all these centuries against the Prophet, so that we have something that contradicts the myths of Freemasonry and Judaism ... so every hadith that does not fit the writer’s idea is blown up in only one word: tucked on the Prophet, this priesthood inserts on the Prophet a Hadith and has transferred to me the spoils, and it was not solved for anyone From before me, Al-Jubran did not mention to us from near or far who tucked into the Qur’an a complete surah about the spoils. As for the Islamic existentialism that it proposes in the book, which is summed up in the fact that religion is an existential earthly matter that is not theological in it and that religion is a person and not God, but that God does not care about the transgression of man over him, but rather in his transgression against man only, so that he can come to us with the result that Buddhists even if they worship a thousand gods Other than God, they are much better with God than these Muslims, because the religion of many of them does not accept to harm an ant .. This Abu Talib never harmed a Muslim, and was the prophet and supporter of the Prophet. So he will be in a sacrifice of fire, and even God will descend in a verse in which his nephew Muhammad ends to pray for him because he was revealed from the revelation ... This Ibn Jadaan reaches the womb and feeds the poor in ignorance, and according to the classification of the writer what he calls the Islamic left, then the Prophet says that this is not It will benefit him, as God did not say, &quot;Forgive me my sins on the Day of Judgment ... What about the description of the Qur’an for everyone who has been exposed to revelation as being cogs that only increase with God ...?&quot; . The history of Muslims is full of filths that are covered in the book, and our reality with its religious institutions is negligible. But this childishness and naivety in dealing with the Sunnah and the Qur’an and the companionship of some of the Companions does not save the Prophet as she wants, but wastes the search for a spirit of religion that is compatible with humanity. . And those who came after them say: Our Lord, forgive us and our brothers who preceded us by faith, and do not make in our hearts a price for those who believe in our Lord, you are merciful.
An ideal book for beginners in the world of reading. The content is completely new. His previous book Why Stupid People Around You was better in stages
We want more. Great location, spacious rooms, fully equipped. Some times the smell emits from the toilets
Service development. Close to the metro. Waiting for the lift, pool, kids games, normal hotel, Gloria is much better.
Expensive . . Service for value is overpriced
disappointing. Proximity to the sanctuary. Buffet is poor. Services provided to some guests by same-national crew.
From the cutest of books, in which Professor Al-Qossabi reviewed a number of the hadiths of the Prophet, an appendix after every hadith similar to what is learned from the hadith
Compared to his first narration, the Jacobian architecture seems very weak..the background of the scene in Chicago is an individual ground for sexual scenes, which contrasts if it happened in Egypt, for example, so symbolize the place with the characters, he has the energy of explanation, and he came out with this exciting image ... the novel in general did not satisfy my fans as an artistic novel
Bad experience in all respects, please reassign the entire crew including the reservation manager. nothing. No respect nor dealings with guests. They are unable to deal. The rooms are not ready even after three o&#39;clock even though an early reservation was requested from the morning before the hour by the reception staff and the reception managers and the reservations manager do not work exactly when is the departure time in the hotel entrance to the hotel C
The truth is being said .. This is the most insignificant book I have seen. It denies reality ... It covers the sun with enough hands, trying to cover up the truth ... Is there a secret? We are lagging behind the rest of the world in everything .. lagging behind .. We are not a head but rather we are assiduous to each other .. When you see a nation that violates human humanity, do you need to defend your welfare and that you are not one of the backward peoples?
family journey . Location. There is no bidet in the bathroom
A weak version of a capable journalist. I do not understand the reason for the novel&#39;s popularity:. Nothing provokes the taste
disappointing. The open buffet was not suitable for a few items. The room is very narrow
A novel underestimating the minds, I think it is applied to a specific age group. Arabic movie Ali Hindi, and the words were crushed in a million thousand Arab and Indian films, but the lightning was lacking, lightning, thunder thundering, and coffee boasting. I advise the writer to respect the mindset of the reader. Very badly hard
Some expressions were beautiful and transparent, but overall I did not like him
Visit the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. nothing. Too bad
Walk the case. Parking available. And Arab coffee .. The staff at the reception need a training course in dealing with inmates, an Egyptian crew smells in the apartment .. Disturbing sounds while sleeping. No towels.
The idea of the story is new as it took up the black continent and plunged deep into it. The story exposed the crypts of the African continent of diseases, organ trade, poaching and ignorance. It is a continent immersed in ignorance and backwardness, and the colonists shed this way and did not want it to develop. However, the idea was poorly taken. The style of writing came to your mind and did not give the idea its right. The characters are superficial. I would like to dive deeper into the characters, especially Toya. The author did not explain the secret of her distinction and uniqueness from the other women of her tribe. It is the image of a woman free from the constraints of her society, but in the height of ignorance prevailing in the tribe, how did Tuya grow up like this? This is the question that the writer failed to answer ... He writes to finish a story and not to dig characters in the history of readers. The division of novel parts B fails. Sometimes I find the chapter title not suitable for events, or it is a little late, as the events that the title refers to have been preceded by pages. At other times, within the one chapter, the reader becomes distracted between the scenes, and I did not find any justification or link between the diversity of scenes and the transition between Africa and England. The viewer&#39;s movement did not explain the difference between the two continents.
Very poor short stories. It reminded me of the atmosphere of the organizations
If it was good for her, I would have done it seriously. I failed a very, very unsuccessful story, and boring. It could be that I tricked me by the name of the story and deceived me of its cover
disappointing. . Drinking water must be provided for the duration of the guest / customer stay
A sub-standard novel with a strange ending. This is the first novel I read for the author and I will not judge her only with this novel because the novel is very bad and there is a lot of porn that had been accepted by it would not have affected
Her sense of philosophy is strong, it can be more than necessary, so that I do not know in many stories that I want to reach him .. The most interesting story I liked is my division and my share
The amount of poverty, orgy, promiscuity, drunkenness, insults and frankness is abnormal, painful work with all its details that unfortunately have already occurred, but it is interesting to know how the qualitative shift took place for this person who is going to turn into a writer whose work is translated into several languages and he could not read and write until after the age of twenty, certainly I will follow her with a brace
disappointing. . There is no breakfast buffet
I expected something completely different according to what I heard and read about it .... Despite the beautiful and somewhat interesting style of the writer, but I found in it a lot of superficial meanings .... There is no doubt that the writer had a certain lesson ... but it did not underestimate me . Two stars for the writer&#39;s style and the end of the story.
Very bad and expensive hotel. I just liked the site. The hotel is very old and all facilities are old. The air conditioners are not cold. The TV does not work. There is a bad smell in the rooms and corridors. The pool is very dirty and the water never changes. The crew is bad.
Do not dream half a dream ... and do not relate to half of hope:
His thoughts are very ordinary, as if a young teenager was still uneducated, and the world wrote this book
If the days came back to me, I would not read it, but I do not regret the time that I went to read it
At most three stars with my family I spent a week here at Christmas time. The resort looks amazing, from the palms swimming pools to the well-maintained buildings from the outside. However, when we move into the rooms we find things lacking attention. The gypsum works at the entrance to my room and its bathroom is peeling, and the room has a strong and continuous smell. Metal holders of the soap and others in the bathroom a rust. Worst of all, after a week&#39;s stay, the bed felt like I was sleeping on a sidewalk. Under the bedspreads that were clean and accepted, the mattresses were old, clearly years and very dirty. Regardless of those things as I mentioned the resort is wonderful. Avoid the unstable taxi service as they promote lobby shops and squares where everything is fake or of poor quality. Generally, it is a three-star resort disguised in advertising as an integrated four- or five-star resort.
A boring, interesting story, not fun. Its events are poor and expected
I had read three years ago and may have loved you more than I should, and I was astonished by the size of the humiliation that Aziz Lagman left, and his hatred for him, which is hatred .. But when I learned about the existence of a copy in which Aziz talks about his point of view in the story, I decided to read it in order not to be oppressed. I read it, and I became grateful for him ... I found no justification or justification for his actions.
I was disappointed a lot .. There is something wrong in the recent writings of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, starting from Al-Sangha, passing through tea with mint, and up to coffee with uranium .. Whether at the level of the story or the article, there is a prominent weakness in the aspects of attraction and even the sense of humor that is distinguished from outside horror stories. I miss a lot in those writings. ..
The book is bold and its style is rude and repulsive. Pictures of a woman as a commodity presenting herself here and there. In my opinion, he did not know about the woman except from the streets of suspicion ... Describing the thinking of the woman and her giving about love as a deliberate need that reaches her and this is not acceptable to a sane person. He placed the blame on the woman for all the actions of men, and portrayed the man&#39;s love for a woman that he was fascinated by her beauty only, as if it were a piece of clothing he would buy. In my opinion, he did not utter the truth except by separating the offending secret. Unfair book for women in all aspects ..
I was very disappointed, large in size and of little use. At the end of the book, you find a summary that summarizes the somewhat important points mentioned in the book
Light and gentle, speak a little shallow
disappointing. Location and proximity to the mall. The furniture is very old, the conditioners are broken, the bathroom needs maintenance, and the king-size bed is small
A funny novel, this kind of thing helps in entering the reading mode after Ramadan
disappointing. Near the sanctuary. There are situations of lack of interest in cleaning permanently. Breakfast items are not varied
Youssef. Perfection. Owner. All of them are men who are not forbidden by Farida, who allowed herself to take off chastity when she spoke to them on the phone and started living with them fake love stories that will not be a reality on which she lives. .. The divorced, widow, and spinster are also women who have their own entity and cannot be ostracized, at least in the society in which I live .. but always the state of the married woman is better in our eyes, as she owns a family that is the basis and clings in her hands is a generation that carries the honor of leaving her womb .... I read This is because I simply wanted to give it higher than everyone&#39;s disappointing rating but unfortunately I wasted my time reading it. His star narration. And his star when I agree with her on some matters
Weak. . Unavailability of a meal from within the price, as the price for the place of residence is only exaggerated
Acceptable . the breakfast. The response to requests and problems is very late
The book is boring and you need to have a background on the history and wars of Khalid bin Al Waleed to understand the second part of the book
Weak. The site is opposite the campus only. The cleanliness, service, and role did not match the amount of the accommodation
I didn&#39;t like the novel, this looks like it alone. One star for the idea, and another for living the personality of Al-Farouq, who read quickly
The use of the vocabulary and the Arabic language is very special for the author, but my only intention is the extent of the sadness of the novel
Weak. . The Internet is not functional. The reception did not respond to the guest call
I am not a true reader of Naguib Mahfouz, but what I heard about him I can say that it is one of the worst things the author wrote .. A collection of short stories misses the lesson and the goal .. She misses even the topic alone .. You start to book and finish it and you do not know what the lesson is
Weak. Lacey. The bathroom was dirty, and the brushes were not appropriate for a size hotel
Disappointed in general In general the visit was disappointing. The pictures on the website were fabricated and no correct picture of the hotel, main areas or rooms was shown. The business staff was neither very helpful nor friendly and this is not a luxury hotel. Road construction was under way, which made the hotel a noise and impeded access.
Strongly failed. When I go to the hotel, and the reservation is OK, the receptionist tells me, unfortunately, all the rooms, so note that I made a reservation on the road to the site. I did not recommend it
The story in its entirety is very boring, and the writer hired the idea of atheism in a superficial way. The idea could have been employed better than this, and the style could have kept the child from that, but unfortunately.
Christian Virgin from Abu Hamid al-Ghazali. And if Rousseau lived until the moment, he would have classified himself as a moderate and would be quick to join the powerful party of Egypt.
Two stars for the woven scenario. As if I were watching when I am not reading a book .. Otherwise, it is not worth it. I never liked his outrageous detailed writing, which in my opinion did not add to the story something spices only for others .. I felt bored while reading it and took time to finish it, but this does not contradict the fact that it affected my information even with a little thing about Christian history..and also the writer suggested our permanent projections of what we do from bad things We are human beings to Satan Azazel, as if he were the perpetrator, not us.
My beginning with Youssef Zidan was the cycle of religiosity, and I liked the book to explain the difference between religion and religiosity through a historical study that explains religiosity in various sects and religions.
Failed hotel value star. A failed hotel, and it is not right for the stars to deserve only a star. Cleanliness is bad. Breakfast is bad, duplicate items, inconvenience and entering rooms without professors on the pretext of payment. Breakfast is poor, bad services, poor hygiene, and insects everywhere. Flies all over the hotel from dirt in the floors and floors. The inconvenience of frustration on the rooms even if you are hanging the paper. Do not disturb.
It is a story that benefits an Arabic movie with distinction .... an introduction and a long description of the cabaret, night life, and a little suspense in my name that is similar to reality, even for the chapter of the origin of a chapter, then suddenly events quickly turn out and many characters appear ... bad guys resist winning a temporary victory by some of the finest secondary characters She dies, then the bad guys collapse in front of the good blow, kill each other, and the rest flee ... The hero triumphs and a girlfriend resumes the love story..All Arab films are dressed in the same language of dialogue ... with a mysterious touch with the story of the man with the ring. Disturbing dreams that come true like a vision, and I did not understand their purpose other than that they are a little spice
I hope attention and no exploitation. The location is very great from the Prophet&#39;s Mosque and close to it is separated by two streets, every street is a meter and a distance of one meter, and up to the campus, the staff and the hotel security men are respected. The restaurant is bad food in the sense of the word Internet is bad in the sense of the word There are parking spaces where parking can only accommodate a number of cars and the hotel has a room for inconvenience inside the hotel on the one hand the children of guests
I did not feel that I was reading a book written by a psychiatrist, it is a simple book and everything in it is known and common, it talks about the causes of marital problems, and reviews solutions in a way that you think that the community is a thousand good and there is no one who suffers from mental illnesses or a contract. Or as if life has no material difficulties, wars, revolutions, and hunger ..... The last commandments in the book are beautiful, but they are not solved and do not link any marital problem or even between two lovers .. A book with this title deludes much but the opposite is true ... I don&#39;t know. Maybe the book and everything in it will not benefit even the next teenagers. Or those in their first emotional experience ....
My blood is more horror than him
A petty person
Its proximity to the campus. The hotel is not as good as any of the five-star hotels. Its bathrooms are public baths. I never felt comfortable in it at all. Just its location, and inside a small mall there are hotels that are much better than it.
I do not encourage going down in the hotel. . Late check-in, unfair treatment at reception, insufficient cleanliness in the rooms, poor service in the restaurant in terms of the lack of adequate tools for guests during breakfast
This restaurant has changed its management from one of the worst to the worst. Some time ago, I bought grape leaves that were thrown in the plate, and on the day I asked the Syrians, God says, may they guide them. The second thing is the taste of chickpeas, it changes once, I mean, it is not like the first time you meet the smell of the midi, how it happens, even though I complained to the municipality and stood up for how many days.
so bad . The hotel does not deserve the value offered for reserving rooms, there are no views, nor balconies, and the rooms do not have less than normal bathroom ventilation. The windows are dismal, there is poor ventilation, and air conditioning is poor
In fact, I read the first hepta, and then I read the strange Taha. I can say that there is an improvement in style. I am very appreciative of the clear diligence..but the lesson at the end with the result, and whose village is very different in its level from the Abeer series, which was at the forefront of the Arab Foundation.
Unfortunately, a bad story. Boring .. the story is very consumed .. events are expected. You are not fit to be more than a short story in Facebook posts. Never be a novel
Cheap and bad. Prison is the word that comes to mind only, it was declared a hotel but it is a youth hostel, it is cheap for Stockholm, its location is good but the actual hotel is terrible and we almost left, do not stay here. I still feel itch after a month due to insects.
The worst time I stayed in Medina. Just trying to show the spirit of cooperation among some workers, especially Ahmed, the receptionist ... everything ... the location is very far from the campus, and there is a tunnel on the way to the sanctuary from which cars leave quickly, which is dangerous while crossing the road .. the room is narrow and the level of public cleanliness is Satisfactory .. The breakfast buffet is very poor in everything and the service in the restaurant is very bad .. The key card of the room needs to be reprogrammed several times .. The price is overrated for the service provided .. This is the worst time I stay in the city and I do not recommend this hotel at all ..
Nice novel but has a lot of stuffing with unnecessary events
Just texts and phrases of love, love and friendship .. The book was taken quickly without being checked by its content .. It did not affect the words ..
Looking at the content of the novel and away from its details, which ,,, I drank with it .... I listened a little to the novel because it contained beautiful meanings, and developments in the life of Ella added another element of suspense, and the events of Jalaluddin coincided with Shamsuddin Tabrizi and Ayla with Aziz gave the novel a beautiful dimension .... but I have ridden super powers or maybe they are dignities? The sun of religion, especially in the last parts ... I have no right to judge Sufism through a fictional narration, and God may not agree, and I know its details and rules even the people of Sufism. Where is the beautiful in the husband neglecting his wife, until she died oppressed? . And where is the love in isolating Jalaluddin from his family and children, until he became stranger to them? How can I accept a drinker for wine who writes grammar in divine love? . Then the final blow with the dervish dance ... a fictional novel that talks about religion and doctrine, to its writer from outside the specialty ... a fatal mixture. Unfortunately, I did not find a negative evaluation, and I only gave one star ..
An extension of Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud’s political books, in which he says his opinion on the Egyptian left in the period of the eighties and Abdel Nasser’s experience in governance as a whole, which is a totally unsuccessful experience from the doctor’s point of view, but the articles are full of repetitions of what he said after or before in previous articles and books, and in general a book Good for understanding an aspect of that period in Egypt&#39;s modern history.
Her name is Salwa Imran, sir, and she is the only thing that caught my eye in that humble novel.
disappointing. . The hotel staff is very bad
Weak. The hotel is bad as a deal and I will never deal with it. The room smells bad
Look at me, write a novel. Arabic el-Fasih: How do I make my novel resonate with the masses? To make my people imagine God and the prophets and engage them in dialogue, until the militants fight them and give rise to echoes and curious readers .... Initially, the writer raised important issues between the hardliners in the invitation and the simple people, he left it open without treatment, then we included in a lot of description of the personal life of the people and I did not insult me and why The repetition, Midrash, then disordered, wrapped around the vision that the hero saw, and he did not tell us why the hero sees visions that fall into his dream. The important thing ... I don&#39;t like it in a nutshell. The star for the love of Saadoun and Zulekha, but, if any: /
I cannot understand the commotion that accompanies this novel, as it is, I believe, nothing more than a story that you can read to children of adulthood, even without being surprised or feeling deep. In my opinion, this novel is a mockery of Franz Kafka that directs her to life, and she never deserves this fame.
write off . I did not like anything. All services and hotels are free
Not worth its value. . There is no parking. there is no Internet. The beds are not clean. The staff is not for two bugs
Unfortunately, I never deserve to visit. Unfortunately, nothing. Dealing with all the staff and services is not good. The services are new and bad. The chalet does not have anything from cleaning services and is very old. The food is very poor.
I loved you more than I should, and loved me less than I deserved. .. .. How much I hate the weak woman, who puts her love and heart. Before her honor and pride herself, I hate to hear about her to see her to read her .... Love is the finest and most truthful of things in this cruel and false world, but it must be accompanied by dignity, pride and pride ... You decide to give up your self-pride and your pride for the sake of love, you are My dear, dispense with everything you have and yourself. For the sake of an illusion you call love ... I will not deny its language and narration. Abdullah Al-Nashmi was raised wonderful, but she employed it in a failed, provocative case. I do not encourage the weakness of a woman in the name of love, nor do I encourage actions whose content are under this framework ... I hope the writer will use her language in a narrative that raises the status of women and love, and does not strip her of her pride under the name of love ....
The novel is beautiful, but not innovative. Furry ... a hug on the Brooklyn Bridge. It was the same way ... the respected writer ... photographed the atheist writer. Ali is a good man. We sympathized with him so much that when he died ... while she tarnished a form. Islamic groups and the Muslim Brotherhood. Disgustingly and exaggerated and originally not true ... The content of the novel is less than normal ... I was not impressed by the story of anyone. I was not impressed by her expressions. She was sickened by her exaggeration in conveying a certain idea about specific people. Even if that doesn&#39;t serve her story ...
Depression on paper ... a novel devoid of any good or commendable feelings, the worst thing is its open looting after this huge number of imaginations for the future of Egypt leaves our end open, stopping the idea that it is he who makes the history of a large and very important country in the East. The middle is so large of chagrin and hardship to live to the point that after the novel is finished, you wish to escape and travel overland the country
All product and manufacturer data should be written in order for people to buy no mistake
I started reading the book, driven by a passion for learning how to write about his life. Whoever did not find any challenges or extreme difficulty in what he wanted to be .. He provoked me deeply and his words hit me directly when he talked about the novel The Baking of Mohammed Shukri and how it does not come within the framework of Art, nor freedom of expression, because of its obscene words and analogies, Jalal Amin with his life and the education he received, his career, and his accomplishments that he would not have reached had it not been for his father&#39;s social and material status, he talks about Muhammad Shukri and does not like his words and analogies. The introduction and the first chapters of the book were boring ... The chapters on the era of Nasser and Sadat were carrying some fairly interesting details. The chapter that dealt with the period he spent in Kuwait and described to her is the best and most in the book and my first reading about one of the Gulf states during this period .. The chapter of the new heritage and Los Angeles chapter is a turning point in the book when he decided to lose his debt and his views on religion and his change in society and privacy Arabs and Muslims, and that the path that the West has gone and is not going in the right way and hints from far away from his dissatisfaction with sexual freedom in society and felt his words and description and style of writing his contempt for this society despite his marriage to an English woman and his study between Europe and America.
..I waited for the book to be much better ...
Silly book. A failed story. Boring. And disappointing because of the name of his great writer
A ridiculous novel, the end of which is ridiculous, I did not find a benefit or purpose in reading it, but I regretted the time I had spent reading it unfortunately
In the beginning, I said that there is a loss in it, a star. What is the amount of superficiality and insignificance that I read with it? But as for her sensuality, I enjoyed it, although its content is not more than an Indian movie. The writer was determined to fascinate us until the end .. I have a need that is open to you. And I am like astonished. :
disappointing. I have some remarks There were a lot of flies in the room in addition to the location and the internet service is very weak ... I hope to improve.
disappointing. I didn&#39;t notice anything interesting. Service is bad. The disco sound is so loud that I was on the 5th floor and still is
The treatment of them has become false.
I waited a lot for the little boy to become a boy and do the simple thing for Palestine, but he died when he was young and he did nothing
Just a philosophical dialogue on an ethical issue that has been repeated over and over again, this time in the form of a story. It would have been better to call it a philosophical novel, not just a novel. All that can be good in the book is the method of Tawfiq al-Hakim, which he said about in the folds of the book that the method comes with training and trying, not with talent. Two stars are many in their evaluation, but they are not disappointing, and you can come out with a sermon or two
Ha-ha-ha-ha, group, I don&#39;t know how to read the story in this program. can you help ??
Poor weak translation, words lost meaning and letters lost their way.
I do not recommend living in it. Nothing, and I will not repeat housing again. The hotel is not clean and annoying
This novel applies to it the Algerian proverb, O Almzouk from Brah, how are you inside? Boring, boring, boring. For a long time I avoided reading my knowledge, and I am sure it will not appeal to me. However, today I decided to read it for judgment, and it is not necessary to judge in absentia. But once again my intuition strikes ... the language of dreams, the style of dreams, the method of narrating it is brilliant. But the hollow is empty. I do not know where I came from by force to complete the novel, but nevertheless I have completed it. There is no story in it and nothing, always with that pride of men and with the depiction of men. All are equal. Smile, six dreams, and do not forgive you for wasting my time like this:
The worst hotel in my life. A junk hotel in the sense of the word. Everything is so bad after a degree I would not advise anyone to come to it
Good and its end is beautiful, the end contains a kind of wisdom and a summary of what the writer wanted in the novel.
Boring. I do benefit from the quality of these books.
I arrived in the middle of the book .. The book is beautiful, but I do not like this type of preaching style .. Painful for the heart and I cannot stand it .. I will dedicate the book to someone else as soon as possible
Al-Maqrizi follows in this book the economic crises that Egypt was subjected to. He mentioned several incidents and their causes .. The main goal behind this is to prove that the recent crisis in Egypt, which was between its years and its causes, differs from the previous crises, namely:. Expensive in the time of Afros Bin Manawash, who was ruling Egypt before the flood, and caused by high rains and lack of water in the Nile, and its result is annihilation .. Expensive in the time of two branches of Ibn Mansour, and caused by the spread of injustice and clowning without denial, and the result came after that the flood of Noah .. expensive in the time Atrib bin Masreem, the reason for which the Nile stopped a hundred and forty years, and its result is the death of all the beasts and many people and the spread of hunger, and the matter was separated by the supplication of Hud, peace be upon him ... Expensive when Moses, peace be upon him, sent to Pharaoh, the result of which is the destruction of animals, the loss of grain and the like .. The cost of the time of the emirate of Abdullah bin Abdul Malik bin Marwan, the year AH .. The price of the time of Anujur bin Al-Akhsid is in the year AH .. The price of the last year of his life lasted until AH .. The time of the Emirate of Ali bin Al-Akhsid’s expensive period lasted for nine years from AH to AH, and its reason The scarcity of the water of the Nile and the increase in prices ... Excess in the time of the ruler by the command of God in the year AH .. High in the time of Al-Mustansir H and E for a period of seven years and in it incredible stories of eating dogs, cats and humans .. The high time of the caliph who commands the rulings of God .. Allah .. the price of the time of the victor of Nasrallah is high .. the time of the just Sultan Al-Ayyubi is high .. the time of the Sultan’s just time is expensive, as is the time of the victory of Muhammad bin Qalawun H. Al-Maqrizi attributed the cause of most of these crises to the failure of the Nile, or a pest afflicting grain. As for the crisis that Al-Maqrizi himself considered, it is caused by three factors, which are: The mandate of the Royal Plans and religious positions with bribery and big money. The high cost of agricultural clays. Vogue copper money replaces the gold dinar. The book could have been more organized and clear the issue of standards and weights was difficult and did not achieve the author&#39;s goal in explaining to the reader the seriousness of the situation because all of these criteria have changed now and we will not understand or understand the extent of the risk .. Al-Maqrizi mentioned in more than one place that there is a difference between Egypt and Cairo. . Question you want to search:
Nobody lives in this hotel for advice. Lashie Windman, I lived in this hotel. From the last one, it does not fix cockroaches and bedbugs, I couldn&#39;t sleep, I asked for roominess, and refused. When I left the hotel at am, they asked to pay a right yesterday ه هه كيف كيف How do I pay a right yesterday when I paid but I had to pay a second time because of the right on the plane
The hotel is not worth staying in and the reception is not good. No, it&#39;s not delicious. The air conditioning is very bad and inappropriate, and the bedspreads are not clean
without an address . The flexibility of the administrators to deal with the response of the two rooms changed twice, so I ended up with two rooms better. They accepted my apologies for the third day in a spacious room, where I stayed two days instead of three. Frankly I say my opinion and love for the owners of the hotel so that they can improve for the next times. Mismatch with what is in the advertisement with what is available on the minibar. The room is four people. There is no refrigerator. There is no tea kettle. No towels / reasonable. Note that it was brought later in response from the evening administrator and in fact thanks to its high morals the smell of rooms is foul and humidity of air conditioning control is impossible, knowing that it was cold but very cold and with the availability of humidity the situation is confusing lighting in rooms overlooking the skylight is very weak the buffet on the floor no There is in the drinking water one of the elevators does not work uncomfortable and popular neighborhood
Very CNN. nothing. All services are weak
An Arabic movie, starring Karim Abdel Aziz, will benefit.
Hotel fail. I booked. I arrived at the appointment and found no rooms. Unsuccessful system fix
Smoke in rooms, hallways, and electricity smells bad. Its proximity to the sanctuary only only only. Smoke, smoke, smoke, annoying in the rooms, and the electricity pads are not all working .. Mstahl Stars Hotel
It&#39;s okay, as it is the first novel by Khawla Hamdi. Its title is good, interesting and elicits attention, interest and desire to read it, its cover expresses strongly the psychological struggle and serves its subject to a great extent .. The style of its narration was not boring and it is what prompted me not to neglect the novel and complete its reading .. It is undoubtedly one of the works that It contains a goal and content that you want to present to those who read it, which is not what we find in many literary works these days. Its construction is weak and repetitive, so I think that the smear of imagination that Khawla added to the novel did not serve the purpose of it, and some of its events seemed unpalatable to me .. But it is okay that it is the first novel .. Of course it is a wonderful novel for everyone who has not previously read about Islam Any of the non-Muslims or who did not read abstractly from the belief of Muslims and the beliefs of non-Muslims, as well as those who did not read abstractly from the history of each of them .. There are two paragraphs that could be the basis for building a contemporary religious dialogue, characterized by rationality and acceptance of the other and provides different visions Ideas and beliefs and set by the level of discussion in order to reach a common base that transcends sectarian and religious extremism. Nasri .. The first paragraph is :. You teach Jews like all human beings. They are not demons in the end. They are ordinary people, they have their issues that concern them. The problem is not in their presence in itself, but in the issues that a large portion of them defend, and the method followed. I believe that there is no evil sweat by nature or absolute ...... The second paragraph is: Did you know, I thought all those stages were the hardest. But I seem to have underestimated me. There are still many, many. The thousand miles are not over. Today I am a Muslim, responsible for the image of Islam in the eyes of non-believers. Today I am responsible, like other Muslims, for the charges of terrorism, backwardness, chaos and corruption ... I am responsible for the proper application of the teachings of Islam in my daily life. On creating a Muslim home, and raising Muslim children, they understand their religion, and take it as an approach and a path to their lives. Do you know how great that responsibility is? . Non-Muslims are not all demons, and Muslims are the first and last of them are not all angels.
Weak. I did not like anything. To be honest, the entry and exit times are not correct, and the interaction with the reception staff was very, very poor, especially the employee Grace.
The fictional characters always be aware that we will bid them farewell at the end of the page, knowing that they are like a dream, but we think that our friends, with fear for them, are in pain with them, and we cry about their paths, but in the end, they leave us when we sit in the meditative rule and in our hands the book is a heady ... Blue Elephant is a book I do not recommend reading But it is a book that takes you to the charms of witchcraft, wandering, and loss .. He has no idea about reality and has nothing but exciting the characters who are in the form of the back of a pig whose smell is foul, in which the features of life flutter greatly emerged between the atmosphere of sugar and worship in nightclubs whenever the opportunity It was described as suggestion Nationalities are provocative in a mean way and in a chilling way because it is full of animal instinctively enormously, and in a way that makes you vomit your stomach bowels ... the novel lacks the slightest knowledge of matters of religion and purity, used to do vice and obscene the body and the subconscious mind without the slightest light or lotion of the prominent feature covered with water Impurity and duplication in cleansing the body. As for the matters of witchcraft and hiccups that he used to remember and write from numbers, letters, and tattoos, you would write and tattoo on the bodies, it does not increase the weakened characters of religion except weakening ... I woke up after it finished
The story of the novel is somewhat good, but the way to tell events and go deeper into talking about drugs made me, in the end, feel that I would go to addiction:. I never liked it
I was bitter, so hard. I squeezed myself a kilo for a month to complete it, eh, the quantity of more abundance, sophistication, and sophistry. After Hebita, it is impossible to come to this terrible novel. Hajj hated my uncle:. The first unique personal need. There is a need for this topic of el-Fushehi. There was a need to use the word love in all expressions. And when a whole novel was decided on each other, it was centered on the Facebook group, after you were loyal to the quad Ezz El-Din Shoukry, so Fashir remains necessary and feels utterly trivial. This novel cannot survive more than two years if you complete them. The orphan star, but the powerful dialogue, not more
Weak. So normal. The customer service is so bad that they demanded an additional fee for visitors. It was with me, and I am traveling in the morning. They asked me for additional fees for each person.
A very boring novel I could not focus and while reading I did not know how to get rid of it
Mmm, I postponed my remarks on the book until I completely finished it ... before anything ... the book is suitable for him, How do you hunt a groom and will achieve the highest sales in Egypt and the Arab countries? When I read the title, I thought it was the same as men’s books from Mars, and how to understand each other’s gender in a correct way .. But the bitter reality that I found is how women work with all their might in order. You groom. I was amazed at the issuance of a book like this in a developed country, as it is said, like the United States .. Rather, this issue is spoken of as a purely investment process ... Women are the businessman who works to profit his trade by various means and methods. What I find strange also is that it calls the woman not to change from herself or to claim Malis in it .. Rather, you change from yourself to yourself, but to be able to hunt the groom. .. my attention in this book drew two important points:. The issue of spinsterhood is not only in Egypt and the Arab countries..but in the whole world and in all the world, spinners look inferiorly ... with the difference in the age of women who are said to be late in marriage, if in Egypt, for example, in the late twenties, in the West the age is greater than that. The issue of marriage is an important issue that every woman dreams of at any point in the world, no matter how high the positions are, or she gets to know hundreds of men .. The instinct speaks to gentlemen. In the end, I would not give the book more than two stars, so I did not benefit from anything except that, I think, if it is applied in its entirety, the woman will reach her goal strongly.
My second attempt to find favor with my law, unfortunately, failed. I think that the book is a transfer of a lecture given after the final director. The beginning of the book was good and more than good
Bad apartments. . Honestly, the apartments are bad and not suitable for families. Most African landlords are annoying with the corridors, deniers, apartments and apartments.
A book looking for lights only. With my respect to you, Mr. intruder. But you were not successful in this book, as it is a waste of time, in my view
President Naim in the water melon The President&#39;s movie came to assure us that the president of the state does not know anything about his people and that those who actually rule their rulers are his subordinates and his entourage. With the president&#39;s discovery that the Koshari dish costs approximately five pounds, he stressed that it is completely isolated from the people and what provokes you more. The personality of the president of the state with that kindness and tenderness that we do not find in reality, can this kindness and good intentions raise the standard of living of the individual and improve incomes and economies and other things that his people want to achieve..I find in the personality of the president in the film a weak person driven by his retinue and his collaborators and those around him who are employees who are In the end, his relatives .. And the film confirms Also, the one who endures all the injustices, oppression, and suppression of the cause behind the president’s aides is that he does not have any blame or responsibility and, uh, uh, when the author laughs on your mind and comes up with a scenario that the president loves you unfortunately about the state of the country and what he has reached, stressing that the reason is the people who did not speak and did not It reveals his pain, explaining that he slept in the water melon
Unfortunately, bad experience. The location and the lobby are spacious and there is coffee and dates for hospitality. Unfortunately, the room is narrow, even the wardrobe is small and very short for hanging clothes, it does not uniform iron, and no ironing table. The water boiler does not work. When it was replaced, it needed a minute to reach the boiling point. Clean the room. You need to call more than once. That is also.
I used to read Moamen Mohammadi on Facebook previously. Facebook, by its very nature, is not an exhibition of academic ideas nor a place to post, and Moamen Mohammadi uses the ideal method for easy, fun Facebook without digression. I wanted to read this book in search of that expanded proposition. Moamen Mohammadi writes in two fields, language and religion. In his talk about religion, the small book did not present what can be described as new, so I felt like I was wandering in a garden that I know well, but this garden lacks irrigation, as the ideas do not go beyond the stage of display Vesboki, the author does not probe any depths , And the book as a result does not exceed being a quick entertainment without a long realization of thought, many ideas are not supported, and no mention of sources of information. It is true that the book is intended for entertainment, not to build academic knowledge, but the lack of mentioning the sources is a great lack of any book that it hopes to have a footprint. Especially when he carries a title of this size, he carries a question as if he pretends to give you an answer. There is no answer inside .. On the other side, that is, the language is mouth-watering, vocal, easy and enjoyable.
The only thing I could have learned was that I would never read this writer again. I read one of the comments before I read it telling her friend that she is a rude novel but I never thought it was that far. A novel driven by instincts, not feelings. A novel that has no ceiling and no limits .. It is a novel of ugliness in it that concealed any hope of the appearance of the features of beauty
A difference of opinion does not spoil the friendliness of an issue. Even if I do not agree with most of the writer&#39;s opinions, her style is great ... To live last but not least also means to wish for a loss. Or at least that&#39;s how it is for me. I am not a superwoman and I will never be, nor do I want to be. I had my share of defeats and losses during my journey in this life :. How many times in my life the bravery betrayed me, I lost the battle .. How many times did I act stupidly and narrowly thinking, I lost the debate .. How many times did the race steal me to competition, I lost the pleasure of competition .. How many times I was arrogant, I lost the privilege of being humble .. How many times did I deal with others with authority There is no justification, I lost the privilege of judgment justly .. How many times have I resorted to evasive and evasive, I lost my confidence myself .. How many times did I distract my attention and lost my ability to focus so I lost the goal .. How many times did I do things for nothing but to prove my ability to implement them, and I lost my sense of achieving Achievement ... How many times I thought I could easily beat my opponents, so I lost before them. How many times I doubted my friends, I lost realizing friends .. How many times did I put my trust in people who do not deserve them, and they betrayed me .. How many times I thought I was invincible, and I was stabbed in the core .. How many times did I unnecessarily challenge the challenge, and I received a slap in the face. How many times have I said no when all my prey were screaming yes, so I lost an experience that was to change the course of my life .. How many times have I said yes when all my prey were crying out no, I lost a lesson that was necessary .. How many times have I chosen the illusion of my victory at the expense of confessing my weakness , I lost my truth, how many times I preferred to stop at the surface at the expense of penetration into the depths, and I lost knowledge.
Difficulty in describing the extent of their love was not encouraging me to complete the novel, but when I got to the last part, I understood why a description of this disease is very painful, separation is difficult, and gradually withdrawing the soul is like a daily killing of a loved one .... tears refused to come down despite the strength of emotion .... womb God everyone who lived this experience:
When I closed the novel, I asked whether its writer, Ayman al-Atoom, who was the creator, heard her sensibility? And had it not been for the distinctive language and brilliant style, I would have said that it should not be the flashback style used since the beginning of the novel and up to the sixty-seventh page, which made me think several times about closing it and not being embraced, just as this elaboration and exaggeration in detailing the details generates a sense of monotony And boredom, so I had to jump on dozens of lines to push for a desire to leave it again ... It is said that every horse has a pride. I will consider that a group of jinn is the pride of the darkness. I hope to read to him in the future something greater than this. In the end, I regret that this eloquent language and distinctive style is wasted .. I will give her two stars, a star for beautiful language and style, and a star for elegant cover.
Bad hotel. Nothing. every thing
C is very. Location. Maltreatment
I do not recommend it .. two stars alone. nothing. A sweet check is to put me in a room. I booked it for smokers and mattresses. A consumer said I said okay. I paid the night right after hours, surprisingly, they withdrew a second night from the card card through the site. I came back to them a second time. They said this is insurance ... Ok you did not tell me any need Insurance.
The restaurant is very bad. I asked for the chicken pottery, which I used to like very much in Mughal. However, the taste of Baba Khan was bad and I could not complete it until the Tajim Dammam requested garlic, and the chicken was closer to me. I called the restaurant manager to tell him that the chicken taste was very bad. The chicken is closer to me, and it has an unpleasant smell, you understand my words, and the account of the chicken casserole with garlic was canceled, but it did not cancel the chicken pottery under the pretext that even if I did not like it, it liked many customers, as he said: butter, summary, and colloquially, a restaurant I would not eat again if they swore to me
Poor story in the full sense of the word. This is my impression of it since the first pages. Elias Khoury looks at the writing much more than he talks, faltering in the narration repeatedly, resorting to inserting unnecessary details, or sometimes delirium, such as describing what he sees at this moment. I do not miss his inappropriate and costly summons, even if they have deep meanings or sometimes unfamiliar reflections. But I do not think that this work is a novel in the true sense, as it are unconnected stories, and desperate attempts to fabricate writing .. But I cannot ignore my enjoyment of the book in some of the pictures and similes, as much as it caused me mental confusion
A style I did not like, and I came out of it with the benefit of new hadiths on me.
Worst hotel. nothing. Dealing is bad and the manager is bad and it appears that he hates Arabs, especially the Saudis, and they put me on Dirhams because I had a girl in the same room for years. The road to the Mall of the Emirates is very dangerous for young people and there is no sidewalk. It was a very bad experience
I will not live in it again. I did not like anything, O God, the breakfast was organized and the items were ok. It was quiet .. The receptionist was bad in dealing with my entry and the amount he asked for was in excess of Bking for almost Rial. I called Bukking and they dealt with me more than wonderful. The Saudi exclaims me by saying I defend you from the difference as well, the positions are close and bad, and I got a position when I got out of it to envy him and I asked the hotel personnel to cooperate with me, but they never cooperated .. The rooms are very tight, everything is tight ..
The price is too expensive for twice the possibilities
disappointing. I did not like anything but the site only. The inconvenience caused between rooms and there was speculation on the floor at night
I never recommend it. The worst hotel over my life is very, very bad. Very bad room and old furniture
Too bad and tricked in creating pictures of a new chalet and the fact is that it is very old and worn out. Nothing to admire. Very old and worn out, furniture is very consumed, dirty and negligent in cleanliness .. Note that there is a deception before displaying pictures of a new chalet and after rental it became clear that the chalet is very old and very bad .. See the pictures below
It is not a novel, nor a serious and integrated study. It is a shadow of a novel and a shadow of subject heads. If the author had written a complete novel with a clear end, he would have succeeded, and if he had deepened the scientific research that had been emptied to him through the letters of his father, he had also succeeded. ,
It is a light book .. I read it on the road during my travel and I finished it in less than an hour .. I enjoy being real stories from the life of Zap Tharwat .. But the confusion between colloquial and classical is not correct and unfortunately unfortunately .. I generally love this type of literature literature confessions and that My love to hear the true stories .. I wish you more success is a good start.
A poor standard hotel. . Lack of respect for the customer. I found the mattresses in the room unclean and not changed .. Also during the Umrah of Ramadan, the only hotel that left its customers and did not send buses to take them to the hotel and there were elderly people who traveled a long distance to reach the hotel despite the hotel’s confirmation in their location of the availability of buses and when you want to speak To them, they did not like them, and they said that they preferred us with that service, and they are not obligated to do so
Perhaps my testimony is hurt in the right of the book, and the reason for this is that I am not a fan of this type of short stories. The book did not appeal to me with regret and the narration style as well.
Uncooperative . . Adjustment of arrival time is not accepted as the time is compatible with the number of hours of housing due to the interference of travel time with the time of residence
It was an unsafe stay. Close to the sanctuary. I was sleeping but I got the hygiene worker over my head. Imagine if I were with my wife ???
My love for Palestinian women increases for the beauty of the letters of Qandasiya
I was accompanied by a feeling of uneasiness during my reading most of the parts of the novel, and I skipped part of it, speaking between A and the dramatic character of his novel. The best part of the novel is the last three pages, which summarizes the burden of crisis.
I finished it even though I did not pay attention. I was in a valley and the novel is pouring into the neighboring valley ... What did Al-Muhaimid wanted with these heresies? Including them in his bathroom that flew and messed .... When all this prolongation and when all these inserts agreed with you as I wanted to say but the path is rugged and the map is complicated in the folds of its ink your words and expressions scattered then what is this high jump in the transmission so the track here is purely cultural and I was insisting To be an Olympian without honor is a medal .... the novel sings a melodic melody ... and I really do not recommend
Her village, because I loved you too much. It is possible, but it is not inevitable. Not everyone knows how much he would love and betrayed him. He would feel his value and make him return, because if his love was hard, he would not suffer his pain. He loved her love for me .. He would not be uncomfortable with the cruel and unjust character in the first part, which he did not care about. It was satisfied with the first part, but it was better .. But nevertheless, I enjoy the likes, descriptions and quotes very sweet.
Modest hotel. The restaurant is not up to standard. The restaurant
God fought the curiosity that might cause a person to read nonsense. Rather, God fought drifting behind the nominations of others that were let down most of the time. ? Unfortunately, the language did not add anything to the novel, as this color requires a high professionalism from its writer, otherwise it will be invaded by inconsistencies, errors and exaggerated exaggerations, as is the case here .. The science fiction is not based on contradictions, but is a world that has its own laws. The characters in this novel are very superficial construction, and they are exposed to strange and unjustified transformations. Take an example of this, Masoud’s personality and his transformation from an obedient Ethiopian servant to an icon of absolute evil without any justification for this transformation. In this novel very naive, the plot is laden with no meaning .. Language: There is no way to deny the magnificence of the writer&#39;s language, but I wonder is the verbal adequacy sufficient if what you write does not aim at a goal? I also wonder: Can the writer be just praised for his interest in the beauty of language and its intonation? . Then who said that eloquence in monolithic words is mostly outdated, then eloquence explained in the distance from verbal complexity. I came out of this novel with confusing questions for me. :. Umm Salim, when I told Rida that his father had been away for hundreds of years, how did this happen and Rida was still a child? . Asyar how did she transform from revenge for Asia into a trigger for pure evil, and how did Sheikh Ayed obey her and she revealed to him her intention to take revenge on him? . Sheikh Ayed did not want to take the jinn out of his son Sarmad if he followed Assyar and his loyalty to it .. sanctification of consent and dialogue with the sacred fire / salvation savior / black stone / bird of the brains .. which religion embraces this narration? . A whirlwind when he said to Reza that the real battle had not yet come and he remained the battle of Christ .. Did you leave anything for Christ to do, whirlwind? . The angelic companion brought me the roasted flesh of the mole’s jinan .. what is this messing about? In the end, that novel came like a desert where I lost the reader in it without evidence, touching the water and once he ran towards it it finds it a mirage, or say it came without a soul .. For the first time my review comes with such intensity, but that is due to the disappointment of my expectations after reading. This novel will not prevent me from reading another writer
Now and here .... the idea to break free from the constraints of the past and the concerns of the future to live totally now and here, where you can now and here only improve the past and work for the future. And how, and until you are totally present, to touch your soul and live like children, always in question, always in love, and move away from the routine that kills the soul, you cannot live now and here .. For the tongue of the hero Paolo Coelho says in his novel A :. We humans find tremendous difficulty concentrating in the present; we always think about what we did, how we could have done it better, think about the consequences of our actions, and why we could not behave as we should. Or we are thinking about the future, what we will do tomorrow, what precautions we have to take, the imminent dangers awaiting us, how we must respond to what we do not want or how we can get what we always dreamed of .. .. the novel begins with this hero, and as usual the writer is the writer himself talking about Himself, he is a writer named Paulo, his writings around the world, but he no longer feels happy or close to himself or to God. He speaks with his spiritual guide, whom he named Ji. Where he advises him to leave because he no longer exists, you are no longer present .. The writer travels on a long journey .. Those who commit life hard so whoever commits life does not stop walking. . ... to live means to test things, not to fail and think about the meaning of life. . The narrator / writer himself takes us as he persuades or deludes us on a journey, not only across the place, but delivers us the possibility of traveling through time in his previous lives he tried to discover during his journey. The writer creates his own legend in the novel with what he calls a thousand, which is a term in mathematics which is the first letter of the Hebrew, Arabic and Aramaic alphabet, but he uses it to describe the situation that you are afflicted with and transfer to previous lives during which he lived in another incarnation ... The writer emphasizes at the end of his novel This illusion warns readers against doing an exercise that he had followed to bring him back to the past. But the writer uses this myth that he creates to clarify his idea as we mentioned earlier .. We learn from the past, but we are not the result of that. In the past we suffered, in the past we loved it, in the past we cried and laughed, but there is no point in that in relation to the present. The present has its challenges, its good and bad sides. We cannot blame the past or thank the past for what is happening now .. nothing disappears, everything is stored in time. That you kept my first kiss? In a hidden corner of my brain? Avi a series of electrical fluids that have been suspended? My first kiss is more life than ever. It is here, around me, it includes a part of two thousand .. It stays with what you call the past and is waiting for a decision to be made with what you call the future. It obstructs your mind and slows you down, and it will not let you understand the present .. To free yourself from memory requires tremendous effort, but when you succeed, you begin to realize that you are capable of much more than you imagined .. falsify your souls, and do not visit your past ... .. I will remain a child and so will all those who really want to get the best that life can offer, because only a child can. ... . .
disappointing. nothing. It does not deserve the paid value. Bad smell in the corridor. Wi-Fi is weak. High price for the service. The pictures in the presentation are contradictory to reality
Regular poems. I am ready if I sat with myself writing a poem, I will write better than this, Pktieeyeeyyyyyyyyyyyer
I completed it to the end because I have hope for it, but in general the novel is poor, and its Islamic color is very cliche.
Hotel apartments are poor and expensive. I did not like anything. everything . The price is expensive and more than his right. Delayed entry and exit. Waiting for the elevator to get on and off. Bad short
Weak. . Cleanliness and services were never satisfactory
disappointing. . The receptionist gave me a room other than what I wanted and took advantage of the money
It never rises to the level of a novel, but rather as if it is a group of categories that have been collected from here and there and put it in a book called His novel. The plot is very absurd, the events are illogical or convincing, and the hero is like a seventeen-year-old teenager who is floundering between this and that and thinks that he loves women without understanding or finding a reason for that
. From . Treat the Saudi person with respect. The inconvenience of the pool developer. The delay. The rental value is very, very exaggerated. Wi-Fi is not used for weak
The name of the novel makes you expect a lot ... but first I was surprised by the childish style of telling a story that the author says is real ... If it was her imagination, but it is easier for you to try to convince us that these events occurred in reality ... we are not kind .... there Dramatically built characters with effort and intimidation, then suddenly the writer gets rid of them with death ... and an explanation for that at all ... So in the blink of Ain Karima, Baba George, Michel and his family ..... it is totally illogical to turn Sarah into the name with this simplicity And ease is as if we were reading a program that is presented to children under ten years old ... and she is the stubborn child who clings to her opinion. The idea, intention, and goal of the writer may be fine and I appreciate it very much, but the name as a religion does not need these contrived works. The arguments are very simple to publish or promote it .... My campaign is more events than my lady should. In addition to the extreme fatigue in the narration of events .... the second part of the story is crowded with events, and it is too long to list details that enrich the drama in anything ... As for Ahmed&#39;s return, amnesia is excused .... I felt here the completion of the Indian movie .... or At the very least, a poor Turkish drama ... For the first time, I completed a novel to the end and I am affected
A ridiculous work in which there are no distinctive elements that are closer to the works of medium-talented amateurs .. What most aversive of the novel is its language. It feels that the writer does not taste the language, and sometimes even the syntax is not linguistically sound. The dialogue is futile. Unless you are tempted to torture oneself..Thank you, Batoul, to the class with your brothers.
Hotel . nothing. The hotel is very dirty room. Al-Seeb is right, the hotel is clean
To be honest, I have not once, so I took from them and my sisters a variety of sandwiches, I sensed them cold, and the chicken had a large portion that was annoyed during gnawing and there was no distinctive other than bread
Ayman Al-Atoom Unfortunately, the first novel I read to him was able to take me to the narrative world of boredom through a humble story full of details far from reality and reality. It was better for him to know the details and study them than to imagine and expect them. The narration of the word of God by Ayman Al-Atoum is a bigger title, unfortunately boring content
It takes a lot of effort to provide a better service at a higher price versus the service provided. . No sauna in the hotel Swimming pool not filled with water and not good Jacuzzi bad Wi-Fi bad No Wi-Fi in the gym
Unjust regimes kill our youth. This narration shows how young people are killed with neglect, routine and repression. I read this account of what was said about it as a summit in depression, and because I adore the depression I read it and I expected to commit suicide from excessive depression, but it disappointed all my expectations, I expected more than that
Some things I didn&#39;t like about the hotel. nothing. There are no positions
Just read the short story called Courtship and Pssssssss
Acceptable but unhealthy restaurant
Disturbance . . Annoyed and late in the veins, and they gave me two rooms apart
Mahsoush Khalis: It is possible because I am trivial:
Despite the aestheticism of the text in my view, it is not fit to be a book .. I see that Sofia, no one should have been a text in a book and not an entire book .. Or it should be published as an article on one of the websites concerned with literature ... In any case I Now I read almond memory and hope it gets more liked ... Good luck:. Fatima Khalil
The service is very, very, very bad .. and the chef is very, very, very bad .. And this is what happened ... I booked a table at dinner for someone by the waterfall and when I came in the evening it was revealed that they had not booked it .. The chef is trivial and lazy and he has to be given a minister .. There is no service .. You are going to submit your application .. You are waiting for a waiver that leaves the mobile and responds to you .. The chef does not know anything about the restaurant, neither the type of meal nor its contents .. nor its size .. There is only a menu and you must wait for your turn to come The menu haha The requests are too late for the evening and our guests are full of entrees and the main meal did not come. There is no tea and no coffee in the restaurant ... Hahaha, I don&#39;t know. What to say ... The account is verbal, so it can kill you. No bill, and neither are they sad .. I mean, until supplies are made, they have a bill .. In short, eating is good and the service is very, very bad and the chef does not understand anything with hospitality and the restaurant is not suitable for receiving guests. Everyone in the restaurant was complaining and the visit will never be repeated
I wish to delete it from Bukking and Al-Aseel Group. . Dirt entrance lack of cleanliness is not similar to the inherent group
Weak. . The actions of the employees and their conversations with us are inconsistent with each other when they leave the hotel
Enjoyable. There is no inconvenience due to the lack of discos in the hotel. There is no alcoholic drink in the rooms. All employees are treated with respect. The lighting in rooms is weak
Praise to Allah, Lord of the Worlds . nothing. A change in the ranks of the family. Variation in breakfast. The spirit of the employees must be fun and responsive
A biography dominated by the dreamer style .. Such stories need more cruelty in vocabulary .. I did not smell anger in this novel
Minimum star hotel. Room size. The hotel standard does not rise to a three star rating
I was shocked by the level of service. . Cleanliness is poor and weaker than before. The toilet brush is broken and leaks water. The shower also has rust. The furniture is dirty and sticks as if it had sticky sugar. And the refrigerator is not clean and it smells very bad. I was so shocked, his level has changed from before.
Clips mostly without meaning or a sense of very weak tradition:. I don’t deny that in scraps I liked, but it is very simple, of course, far from unacceptable exaggeration and religious transgression, which I repeat a lot and admire you. Rating is one star, but for the scraps I liked:
In fact, I am surprised that I did not write an evaluation about the novel. May be my shock by being expected that the end of the triple musk. On the whole dreams of people who do not regret reading a person for her
Tightening casing. weird name. Book of Poker Candidate. And a story was burned once before. Mevihosh book a new need. If I talk more about leprosy about people suffering from this disease. And discussing the idea that it is going to be treated and saved without describing the pain that people experience. And harm from it. It could have been sweeter. Extend the journey of the ship and turn all moments of transformation. In the life of the hero strange. Other than that, one is like Youssef Madi and Bataa girls. And he loved the beautiful Catherine. Loves one from Nairobi at first sight. This is a fairy tale of a child&#39;s mind
The novel is within the limits of a page, but it could be reduced to a page only ... It started a good start, then in the fair the writer took repeated and lengthening .. As if I thought that the number of its pages had a lot of moral value .... before it reached the end, it felt that it was an ordinary narration of the positions Frequently and habitually in the addicted society and dissecting their feelings and their feelings .. Then the boredom begins to the point of turning pages quickly and a desire to end them in any way. A final note: The edition that has been written with the eleventh edition written on it. I don’t know what it is ??? ?? In a nutshell, they are frequent tales of an addict who we have seen in Ktair series and films
Weak. . The ship was not ready when we arrived, knowing that I arrived around evening and the check is in. We did not give the required rooms overlooking the sea, knowing that it was booked from the Bukking site .. The services are never of a standard. He was never up to the Meridian level. If I have an option, I will not return to reside in it except for the most urgent necessity
Very weak. nothing. There is no bad need, the meaning of the word is very small rooms, and you feel that you are in Mo prison, Al-Karba Hotel. I will never visit this hotel in the coming days and never recommend it
Bad hotel that I would not recommend. There is absolutely nothing I like about most of the site very close to the Holy Mosque Square .. Everything is unfortunately very bad, the room smells very unpleasant, the furniture is bad, the bathrooms are not clean, the reception treatment is bad, they laugh at the inmates saying pay first and then manage the situation and then pay They tell you that there are no vacant positions, and when I marveled miraculously that I parked in their positions they left the cars standing in front of me and kept me from leaving.
More than bad too. nothing. everything
It is a message .... I consider it intended for me, I am not familiar with all the contents of the book ... many words and hadiths I mentioned, I really do not know about it, or maybe it is also. I didn’t see her before, or I came back to the center, and I looked carefully at her for a while .. I don’t know why we have this? . I mean, as Muslims, we were born like this ... our thinking and our way of accepting or receiving. Any information or hadith that is not of the same intensity and depth. No one is Muslim, why? . I don&#39;t know, but I met him a lot. Since I recently spent the text today on transportation. The page of the states were my companions on my one-day trip .. I really didn’t know that I had wasted my time .. The content I was hoping was a little bit about the title. Which is the rule of the Prophet Muhammad. This is not located in a very small part, the rest of the content. Speaking about the Russian writer Tolstoy, from the lament of the tongue / Ahmed Shawky and Hafiz Ibrahim .. Some of the ideas I have preserved it .. and the names were strange a little higher. But, completely, this is a book whose content is greater and its hour, I will judge wisely and in principle, making two stars and a text .. because it is really about what is valuable .... Praise be to God on the blessing of Islam:. This is the first time I read Tolstoy so I can&#39;t judge him. But the content is less than what is supposed to be on it.
The book proposes how it can politicize the media to direct the general opinion and opinions of the people .. and how it turns the scales through, so what we do becomes correct, but if others do the same thing, it is the same mistake even if the truth is the opposite ... Your passion and what your interests require. We must continue to send military aid to tyrannical regimes ... even if it is a fascist so long as it protects our interests, because it is more important than human rights. Adapted from the book ... a good book ... even though I felt bored sometimes. .. Before I started it, I expected it to be more deep, so that it deals with how to form media institutions and choose their personalities. The book is in English, but I read it in the translated version into Arabic
It is supposed to be a police novel: /. There are no events, there is no mute breath, every need seems normal and ends normal ... a position that we see in all the regular series and films even under the action in the text .. regardless of that it took place at the end here ... and the victory in the other and the hero is sound ... the long boring description of the places And the people .. The writer may be a love that lives in the same atmosphere ... Tariq .. Where is his life throughout the two years, the beginning and the end but ... A word ... a serious defect ... the subject of the police with Ghada film Nelly Karim and one zero:. After I decided to stay away from Ahmad Murad’s novels, even though it was the first experience I had with him ... My friend called up Alia in Vertejo and said that she is very different and she is very interesting and drew a sea of dreams in her ... but unfortunately, she completed it to know exactly what is interesting in her .. I could chop action movies:. Or Mabbash details, the many who have no need, and who hide the main events .. and pronounced his black point to me ..
Very weak. . Waiting more than an hour to prepare the room, knowing that I have spoken to them on the phone about the arrival time
The yearly uproar caused by Yusuf Ramadan&#39;s books made me read a novel: To find out why so many people were attracted to this writer. I have seen a number of reviews of his books that have not encouraged many criticisms, but the critics were not wrong .. My review has three themes: plot, the language used, and the author himself. The plot of the story is one of the simplest, and it is about a love affair between a boy named Youssef and an unnamed girl. It can be said that Youssef in the novel is the writer of the novel, Youssef Ramadan, because of the great similarity between the character and the writer, Youssef in the novel is the owner of a million thoughts and flames of longing .. The plot lacks details and the reader will not know much outside the scope of the two main characters, not from their family, history or country. Yusuf narrated his love for the girl that exceeds the events of the story itself, and although the events happen in countries, we do not find any useful information about these places that could have given another dimension to the story, but the focus is limited to a number of shops and cafes that Yusuf and the girl went through. . The writer also mentions the narration of the error in our destinies by John Qurain in several locations that seem to him as a model for the romantic novel, and the similarity of some events between the writers shows the extent of its impact on him. I was surprised that this was the only novel that affected the writer, and I think he did not read other English novels .. The language of the novel is not complicated, which invites you to skip the pages. The book consists of a page in which the white exceeds the ink, when the writer finishes a sentence. His next sentence begins with a new line. And the next sentence with a new line. If this indicates something, it indicates the writer&#39;s poverty in grammar. Another thing that bothered me very much about the novel is writing some parts and chapters in English. I am not against that it is an interesting mixture. However, the writer&#39;s English is weak and sub-standard, and there are many mistakes. If you cannot write in English, you are not obligated to use it. Not a single line of spelling and grammatical errors was found, and the author frequently uses non-tactile expressions with many exclamation marks and when he writes the word I in English he writes it in a lowercase letter which is a mistake that Microsoft Word can correct ... I do not advise the author to borrow the services of an English language proofreader, I advise him to stay away from it altogether .. The last axis is the writer. As we said before, the main character is Yusuf, who is somewhat the same writer. Youssef, in the novel, is an arrogant writer, who claims that writing is the only thing that excels him. There are two situations that make it clear to him that he is arrogant, first he uses the phrase, which we are the book, and secondly, the story of Joseph with the writer Ahlam Mostaghanemi. Youssef attended the book fair in Sharjah and the well-known writer was there. Youssef was impressed by the long waiting row at her book signing ceremony and wished that for his books. He wrote: The secret, O dreams, is that I asked the Lord for my wish .. My dream is to have a long class like your class waiting for my signature, and a year and a month later a row may outgrow your class in Sharjah. I do not blame the writer for his arrogance, but rather those who applaud him .. I hope that this review clarified a number of things to you, which is just a personal opinion. The decision to love or hate the novel remains for you.
I felt it was a movie more than a novel, I liked the storytelling, and was following events. A novel that is not exhausting in reading, although it is long ...
I could not finish the book. Very modest texts I did not listen to
disappointing. . For a four star hotel it was very normal
Flee the leper, flee the lion. They put toiletries next to the rooms. Those who want to shampoo, Kofi, change the bed linen so that he can take them .. The hotel is two stars and I doubt that it will reach half a star.
There is a lot of exaggeration and its events are very fast and not worth the clamor
The service is very bad. The hotel is great. But the service is poor and the cleanliness is almost non-existent. I tried to communicate with the reception and the central operator, but unfortunately there is no response. The hotel prices are very high and unfortunately there is no return in the service or the satisfaction of the guests. Unfortunately the situation is very weak
Failed at the hotel. The buffet is quite nice and the cleanliness is good. Parking is poor and reception is very very very CCCC and I would not advise anyone to stay at this hotel
Miserable and not worth the entrance I booked on December for two nights through the site. When I entered the room I found the TV was not working, the bed sheets were poor and the bedsheets were wet, torn, and smelly. As for the situation in Udupi, the hotel’s dirty bed sheets are clean and white. I almost died of laughter about this, and the worst part was when they showed us another room and even this room was in a dire condition, they refused to stay there and they were greedy as they kept the money and refused to return it, it was not I have to venture into staying in this kind of place and they should be banned, and the worst I didn&#39;t expect was that. You recommend this dirty place.
The staff is not worthy of respect. The size of the rooms having a balcony. A room overlooking the creek was reserved, and I was surprised that the room overlooks a building workshop
Misty. Privacy. Leaking water from the bathroom, the door of Kherban, to the bathroom, was delayed in response
I was reading this author&#39;s quotes here and admired her until I decided to read her. It made me feel her love for writing without cost, but she did not add to my mind words of wonderful meaning and pronunciation.
Below average. Close to the airport. The cleanliness of the room is very poor, the furniture is shabby, and the atmosphere and climate inside the hotel are muted.
Disappointing . Nothing deserves admiration. The smell of cigarette smoke fills the street nuisance and invalid windows
As a good story .... However, the writer&#39;s style and language deserve five stars
Awesome, wonderful and every detail is worth reading .....
Excellent location with no rest in the hotel. The location is excellent. Lack of hygiene, lack of attention and intensity in the treatment of employees
The book of Hamada Kada .. It complicates you in the love of the one who wants to love the one who loves all of them:. Too much. It is useful to quote him as a whole, not more than that
Very very boring
It is supposed to show the visitor that there is an old and new chalet. Sea and terrace cleanliness. Customer service and style are very bad and shameless as if you were flying from them
Thankfully, I finished a book with Islamic movements in the world of the late Hussam Tammam, and he was touring Islamic movements around the world. General Notes :. The book is a compilation of articles written by Hussam Tammam, may God have mercy on him, about Islamic movements around the world in the countries he visited. Special notes:. As usual, Hossam Tammam, his books are a compilation of articles, which is not a good thing in general, as his books always lack intellectual unity, as he does not rearrange or tabulate articles, which is the clearest thing in this book, where an article talks about Turkey followed by an article on Sudan, then an article on Mauritania, then returns you to Turkey and so on, and this is a matter of course, which reduces the benefit from the book and the exit, even with a vision or vision about the Islamic movement in this or that country. The articles are not the same style. Sometimes we find him talking about people, sometimes about movements, sometimes about phenomena, and sometimes about events, which makes it difficult to form a general idea or vision about the Islamic movement in this or that country, even after compiling his articles about it in this book. A number of articles are removed by themselves that they need to be reviewed after finding something new, which is strange since the copy that I have is the first version of the book, which means that the article can be reviewed and the provisions contained in it and the hypotheses or expectations that came with it, but this is for some reason that did not It happens, which causes the book to lose part of its strength, and questions its rulings in other articles. Although a number of articles were not depth, his articles on Turkey were good, in addition to that his article on Mauritania is important, as it is the first article on the Islamic movement in Mauritania that comes across me so far, as is the case for Sudan, as I am having difficulty reading about Sudan for a prior sense. The complexity of the topic: As well as his articles on al-Qaeda are good, but I have already read it unfortunately: It did not add new to me. There are also important gaps in states and movements, which is a continuation of the problem that the book is a compilation of articles. His articles on Morocco are the worst for me, though I don&#39;t go into the Moroccan situation. Of course, his hypothesis of the advent of ancestral time, the days have proven today that this was in the majority of them and they did not verify the big thing. Unfortunately, despite all of the above, there is, as far as I know, not yet a book that talks about Islamic movements in the world in general, other than this book and perhaps a book published by the Al-Ahram Center and the liberation of Zia Rashwan, which is sufficient by itself to not be taken into account: thus this The book is what I recommend as an introduction to the topic so far .. A book with Islamic movements in the world: symbols, experiences, and ideas, written by Hussam Tammam, a large cut page, the first edition, the Madbouly book, the price is not currently remembered
When do you take the worst impression of a writer you love? Inevitably when you read his old writings after reading what he recently wrote. There is a poem between the beloved irony of all our hearts and the ridiculousness and boredom. I only accepted a few classes from it. Great Egypt, O land of Loa. Why did the Egyptians hate the job? How do you know that you are reading an Egyptian Journal? The most famous sentence that parents say. Ministries needy country. Generation detection test, but it seems I am from a late generation
I would not recommend the hotel. . The adaptation is very bad, the doors of the room are unexpectedly bad, for a five-star hotel, in terms of water inside the toilet, poorly lit, what can I tell you, something that turns off, and some that work, while I have a sensor inside the room
Work of Sufism and the Divine Adoration of this Mebistounish. Stylized words and a strong description of the need for the occult. In the Quranic texts, enough of it
I do not deny my great admiration for the writer, Atir, and I read that I love you more than it should, and she describes brilliantly how love is blind in all that is when it is true and great to the extent that he cannot see anything despite the clarity of the facts and how to turn a blind eye to everything that he does not want to accept But she shocked me with her narration, to forgive and the extent of her betrayal to herself and her abandonment of the simplest meanings of human dignity of the heroine, despite its similarity to existing realities in life, but it appealed to me as a human being.
As for the story, it is beautiful and has many lessons and deserves the stars of the sky. As for the level of the book, I hardly liked it. I thought that I would read a story or a novel, but I found it more like an explanation. The method is not interesting, but I have finished reading the book because I love .. the end of the story of our master Joseph, and the joy, happiness, and justice of God.
The hotel is suitable for a family of people and has a low cost. Cleanliness is somewhat of its relative proximity to the Haram, knowing that it is in a street off Ajyad Street and not directly on Ajyad. Inconvenience if a nearby hotel is created, lack of credibility in the availability of a quad room, as the hotel contains one quad room and the rest is either triple or twin
disappointing. Breakfast location. Failure to provide internet service free of charge late in reaching the rooms due to the late elevators although there are some elevators learning to a certain number of roles and not all roles
disappointing. The suite overlooks the creek, close to Deira City Center by car, good WiFi. We did not receive the appropriate reception. We stood in front of the door for a long time, and no one came to download the bag. The hotel is less than four stars. Disturbing the hour: for the sake of check.
The rulers of the past ages were seeking the help of poets and history writers who bestowed upon them what was not in them. As for Sadat, he dispensed with these and he himself took this role attributing to himself what is right for others, he who established the organization of the free officers and claims that in his contact with the Germans he negotiates with Rommel and will hold He has a treaty, and he is the submerged little officer, and the October victory denies the role of men like Al-Shazly and so on. Certainly, he would not have remembered what his economic policy had done to the country, nor the method of negotiating the entire region, and they are truly part of his extinction in front of the West. All people feel the collapse of the electric shocks he unleashed as he would like to describe his decisions and describe those who oppose them. What are you waiting for from a governor who is dating for himself ???????
Maria . I did not find an excuse for her and I could not sympathize with her and she had no strong reason to choose this path other than the sense of adventure as she called it or just to discover what seemed to her to be hidden ... despite the fact that this story is inspired by reality .. there is in our reality what is considered stronger Of these events, those who really can empathize with their story and their suffering ..
The novel is good, it is only flawed in some places, far from the plot of the novel, which sometimes came as if it was a scientific research about the jinn and the other world.
My wife was stolen in this hotel My wife was stolen in this hotel while giving a lecture to her and the hotel security did not tell us that there is a tourist condition until after I went to her and I called in person to the rescue and that after two hours of theft incident and also I was intransigent to see the cameras
The narrator escaped from Yusef Zidan after the novel concluded that I did not understand what its purpose was. Medicine then two mean? . Another need: The way I speak about Amr Ibn Al-Aas and Khaled Ibn Al-Walid locked me.
Very troublesome. I did not like anything. The room is small and has the smell of shisha. The air conditioner is very loud, as if it were the voices of the neighbors and people in the hallways inside the room.
The book is samples like what its author said, and for a person who studied the law is less than samples, even as a prelude or opening the door to discussion, it could have been more extensive. This is currently, and perhaps even then, until the writer decided to ignore it .. In all cases, the book is good to note the development of the historical link between Islamic law and customs, but it is not appropriate for the researcher to study the link itself ... The writer dealt with the issue in general from a religious perspective, not historical, this book lost a lot of He weighed in my opinion.
I haven&#39;t finished reading it yet. It is a sad and very funny story that makes me feel unhappy woman
Most of the times I force myself to give Burger King a chance to say my wife then regrets losing what I paid in a burger, its taste is very boring. There are those who say that the experience varies from branch to branch, but that is not an excuse for such a chain of international restaurants. For information, the Prince Hammoud Street branch in Al-Khobar is the worst branch I have tried so far. It is fair to mention that they have a new plastic burger that tastes delicious I tried a few days ago, and the Burger King fries are delicious and crunchy. And peace
A novel in the extreme of boredom .. Its events are not related to some at all .. The style of writing is not good and Makhlanish. I imagine the events in my brain .. The name of the novel was supposed to be called the walls of death or the house of death ..
Naguib Mahfouz from creative people. But this narration of what he enjoyed or merged at all. There is no correlation or sequence of events. There is no story. Only words and stories are intertwined. All that benefited from the novel is the many standard Arabic words. Many of them did not know their meaning, knowing that I searched for them with the tongue of Arabs. I do not advise you to read it at all
Weak. . The rooms are very small .. the air conditioning was not working despite trying to repair it, but the room was not changed. It was a very tired night for the children too ..
I don&#39;t see the frankness of any story, its love, and its language .. It did not disappoint me that Essam Youssef presented this group. I wish you success in the upcoming writings
Very weak. . Hotel not worth visiting again
Unfortunately, the book summarized the most important points that should have lengthened detail, namely: Omar, the mother of the believers, Aisha, may God be pleased with her, when the Messenger, may God bless him and grant him peace, married her .. The incident of annihilation .. The location of the camel .. Other than this deficiency that defects the book, the book is good.
She loved him more than he should be. There is no doubt that she hated herself for her slavery to him and hated that hateful captive who unjustly placed it in the mold of love
I never liked the book. I felt him just slapping words without use from him. Ideas are only scattered, and there are perfect miraculous quantitative ideas that are overstated by the book. Unfortunately, he got a lot of media hype, not worth it. I rated it as a star because I read it. As for if Adel evaluates it, there is no star for this book
I could not complete the first chapter, the writer&#39;s style is beautiful, but I consider it somewhat boring, it seems that philosophical literature does not suit me.
disappointing. The single bed is uncomfortable and the breakfast is ok. The rooms are small and the whole chalet is not like it was seen with pictures when booking, the air conditioning is very bad and the phone is not answered
disappointing. The location is just near the campus. Services and the level of hygiene and network are very poor and the speed of response to the resident request is very slow
A very traditional novel. Very well-known events. Normal style, and even hips sometimes. Now I understand why Sayyid Qutb left the literary scene and devoted himself to thought ... The novel was boring and expected, and has no purpose other than narration and narration. People who are interested in following Indian films, known for the beginning and the end, may be amazed by this novel ... Those who follow the drama only because they love the stories of love and separation. Sayyid Qutb, the thinker and researcher, differs from the master of Qutb, the novelist. The difference of rain that revives the earth after its death is from the torrents that flood the earth and destroy the plowing and offspring
Black is black from the black .. it was brilliantly described. Note to me. Vocal and verbal reading in the first and last chapters. The chapter entitled is worth reading again
The cleaners are absent. Location of the hotel and availability of a few car parks next to it. There are small insects and flies
disappointing. . The kitchen and tools are old and need cleanliness
disappointing. . The large number of cockroaches and small field in the rooms in addition to the presence of an unacceptable smell due to furniture or ceramic wash water is not clean
Weak. . The first day of the water is completely cut off and the hotel management was contacted, it was not resolved, and the administration was contacted, and after an hour the water arrived and the compensation was not
Bad . Car park only. everything
Truth . . There is no coordination between the receptionists as he does not tell his colleague what has been done and the customer agreed with a shortage of kitchen appliances. The price is exaggerated with respect to the content of the room. Furniture and bed are inconvenient.
Persistence and change ... The most difficult thing is that you change what you hate or that you are steadfast in what you love and hurt you ... straying
One night accommodation only. One night accommodation only. There is no type of service
The book is sweet and for a period of my life I used to love to listen and read human development a lot, but for now I am one of the most disaffected by it, and I like it.
Bad and do not recommend it. I did not like anything. Taking the reservation amount twice and not being fluent in the Arabic language
The location is just good. There is nothing beautiful in it except for the provision of toilets. The truth is that the most important characteristic of hotels is the presence of a sound insulator, which is not present at all in this hotel to the extent that you hear the whisper of those in the opposite room and also if they eat you will receive the smell of eating and the sound of the TV, this is very annoying .. also the towels are not clean and for breakfast it is average and it is worth noting The juice in breakfast is one of Rani’s juices .. In general, if I prepare another trip for the news, I will not go to it and it is a bad experience and I will go to the hotel apartments that are next to Al Rashid Mall, it is beautiful and is not announced in Bucking
In my opinion, this book will enter the Guinness Book of Records in two things:. First: In the number of blank pages .. As the number of blank pages exceeds the number of written and written ones is also empty talk, but what we have to do ... This is an achievement that is calculated for the book, of course. Second: The number of consecutive reviews that gave the book one star ... so congratulations to you, uncle Zap Tharwat. It is said that this is the fourth edition in just two months. I suppose that Mr. Tharwat bought it from the markets himself ... I don’t know how Zap Tharwat managed to convince himself to publish something like this ... Your mother is happy with you, the love of your sweetheart, and the joy of your daughter who has not seen the light yet, but your broad imagination has ensured writing about her .. The only thing I learned from the book was a good amount of stomach aches, as you say.
Shocked him. nothing. The price is high compared to the apartment, which is real for two rooms, and a small hall closes the closet.
The first two books carry the hidden magic of the East and a rich life spent in tents. And the third book appeared in Europe polluted by this east. As for the fourth, it is destiny
Weak. Open buffet. There are no delay positions in it as check-in procedures
Completely dissatisfied. First / the bed is luxurious and comfortable / reception staff in general. First / The parking is very narrow, as if you are in a driver&#39;s license test site Second / All external sounds you hear in the room Third / The location of the hotel in an excavation work area and cannot be reached quickly Fourth / The amount of food prices in the restaurant is very expensive and there is no diversity in the fifth / The smell of the bath I hope you are very disturbing As well as the elevator for parking
The idea itself is new in the literary world but banal in the cinematic world .. Dialogues and events are very childish and very simple .. The end of the world would not be if you skipped over it. /
A book whose title is greater than its content. Give me information I was ignorant of. I expected to dive into events, especially the days of the siege. But in general, I think it was not fair, and it hardly mentions the goodwill of Juhayman
I hate looks ready for seduction. The deadlines for the meeting. And the legitimate hearts of the airway. And men ready for love ..... how we were similar, surprising ... the extent of fear. We had to not meet. Until we leave that date ... with ourselves. This writer has a really amazing ability that makes you hate her style and loves her style at the same moment? Wonderful Ahlam Mostaghanemi, in her lies here and discreetly. : /
My aunt is writing better than that. If it was published on the internet, you could not read it .. But you say, what long does a publishing house satisfactorily come in, and in people who buy books?
The place does not deserve the paid amount. Treatment of employees. The cleanliness of the hotel is very poor, the furniture and luggage are very old, the process of entering and leaving the hotel is very tired and completely impractical ,,
I want to return:
Do you want or not? Femininity is the science of my Lord. If only I have the weather map. You read line .. line by line. By land .. and by sea. Noah .. and waist. And you are sure of any aim. The wind blows in the south. And from what direction is the wind blowing north? And I found out my way. To the islands of tobacco, tea, and orange ..
Although I do not remember the details of the novel, I liked it. Some books love them not only for their beauty, they just remind you of a person or a time. You read and remember that this book was loved by your friend who loaned it to you, and you can only love what you read against your will.
Very weak. . Double bed mattresses are two parts .. Frankly, uncomfortable
Very weak. The location is close to the shopping center. The long wait in front of the reception, the lack of appropriate parking, the quality of food for children, the lack of privacy of the sweet balconies and the lack of clarity of the hotel’s sign boards
Nothing mentions stereotypes and personalities, as usual in a Saudi novel, until eating, as usual, the style and language are interceded by two stars.
I think that Dr. Abdul Karim Bakkar was unsuccessful in this author for two reasons .. The first is that the intention of authoring the book as it is the title is the composition of the thinker, but in my view the book was not that deep that fits this task the composition of the thinker .. As for the second reason is the length and length that caused I am bored and distracted by ideas .. So I did not complete the book and stopped at the page
The worst hotel I stayed in. I did not like anything at all. The apex of filth in the carpet and the chair of the bathroom is not clean.
In the beginning, I was very eager to read the novel, especially because I hadn&#39;t read it before Ahmed Murad. But after I started reading, and despite my best efforts to complete reading, I did not exceed half. The style may seem somewhat interesting, but it is overwhelmed by phrases ... drugs, beer and ..... frankly ... the novel does not rise to the level
Despite the few pages of the novel, I completed it with ritual .... Where is the story ??? I only found the story of every Arab, even though I hate generalization .. He gave up his love for only one word and would marry a dumb ????. Where are the feelings that our heads cracked throughout the page that only talks about his love for them ??. Weak, very weak and not even worthy of a star ....
There, in those messages, a crushing soul extends to the divine. And also clear sexual expressions, which he uses repeatedly in his messages. I found some of his good messages that felt the hair and its comfort. I pity myself for the boredom caused by me and the length of time I have finished it. .. I fear that this will affect later, and I do not read Nizar Qabbani again
Is bad. . There are insects in the bathroom, and the electricity was cut off for half an hour
God writes wages. The value is overpriced. Janitorial services
I smothered six names. The novel was very sweet at its beginning, but events are evolving, the length of the novel Bidur Bidur and in the other even without result. I mean, uh, this is obsession with love, and that&#39;s it. But I am frankly satisfied
It&#39;s okay as a story. It is similar to the ceiling of sufficiency in narrative music.
Weak. Close to the campus. The rooms are very narrow, small, there is no room for walking, the parking is not suitable for ever for family cars.
Filling Filling Filling Filling, the plot is not clear, a review of the writer&#39;s culture with its enumeration of literary and musical figures and other ... Contains some beautiful quotes
I don&#39;t know the author, what do you want?
The accommodation is miserable and the service is unhappy. nothing. Late hotel service Keys do not work after the villa from the main building Ascending to the villa in the stairs is difficult for children and the elderly The place is dangerous for children
The novel is very ordinary. What might attract a reader to it is the nature of life in the Soviet Union, which is a mystery to many. The novel keeps you waiting for an event or movement that changes the boring context. But you reach the last page without anything happening.
Shocked by the hotel pictures do not suggest what is inside. The lobby is the best thing in the hotel. The lack of positions, there are no hygiene in the rooms, insects in the toilets, God bless you
Very weak. . At the time of booking, the amount agreed upon, and when I arrived in Tafajat, the amount was increased to me
The game is very big and unstable on the ground ......................... but it is fun to the point of water
I continued to see East facing stolen spirit. I was rushing to a point I don&#39;t know. In a moment, I realized that I do not know me and that what happened in my life no longer exists. Ideas and images passed through my mind and did not stand exactly as my feet passed on the ground and did not stand. I felt that everything that happened with me and everything that appeared in my days and past years did not concern me. I am other than this who was then Ban
I mean, it is not a monster, but it is impossible for Mistahlach to say that someone wastes his time in it other than if he is a matter of humor
I did not like anything in the hotel, from the bad reception to the confused TV channels. I did not like anything at all, nor exaggerate if I said that the rating of the hotel should not exceed one star. Waiting in the lobby for more than an hour, and the receptionist did not apologize, even with the word sorry, even though I arrived at evening Q. The room was changed because of the confusion of my channel, and we moved to a room worse than the first, but we were satisfied because the channel is clear and at night the channel disappeared and when I asked the reception to fix it he said There is a problem with the receiver and the technician will attend tomorrow ..
In the beginning, like a first opinion and my principle: It is not bad .. If I were to greet Ibrahim Issa on something, I would choose the idea. The subject of the novel is very sensitive and thorny: the phenomenon of satellite elders and the abuse of religion behind the false mask of religion and the issue it deals with is difficult and not easy to present in this way he did not employ the possibilities of narration to appear better .. the novel is a candidate for Arab poker and I do not really know on what basis they were chosen. Go back and say for the cause covered in the novel. Only the issue has drawn a large aura, fanfare and media flair that some writers lead. As for style, language, and narration: the weakness is clear, the efforts are modest ... the writing style is very simple. And the linguistic level moves between Al-Fusha on the tongue of Sheikh in TV dialogues and some clips and between colloquial language of daily life. Lengthening and elaborating in some passages is an essential feature of the novel, to the extent that you feel bored .. The novel carries an issue and therefore carries a heavy thesis, but it is related to the time when you wrote the existential time of this issue. In a clearer sense: as soon as this issue ends, the elders of satellite channels end up with the novel and its importance. In a second sense: the novel is not for all time and will not live after the dissolution of its main issue. This is the matter of the second matter, the way to display the ideas and efforts incurred by the writer in showing more than one side because the character of the hero necessitates familiarity with the interpretations of the Holy Qur’an, the Sunnah of the Prophet and the ideas of Mu&#39;tazilites also the history of Islam and Christian theology. Moreover, all of this requires extensive and comprehensive research .. The narrative reality of the story reveals an inviting sheikh included under the heading of satellite elders from the first scene in the satellite station studio and Sheikh Al-Shinnawi is preparing to record the episode of his program with the help of one of the workers that seizes the necessary makeup powders on his face and in This is a clear indication of the religious synthesis process common to most preachers. The process of religious consolidation is nothing but an act of camouflage, as is known, of course, that most religious televised programs are presented to a specific category according to a religion that was prepared in advance to suit this category .. Generally, the character of the protagonist, Sheikh Al-Shennawi is a little complicated that combines seriousness and humor that is loved among the general public and the people. What should be said and what should not be said. And it is wrong if we say in all cases that it is a reflection of the image of the Sheikh we have. Some of the sheikhs, of course, whose reality is the majority of them is a paradise, a bonus fire, or a punishment that frowns, frowns, and sternness, and there is no tolerance for them and no indulgence .. Sheikh Al-Shinnawi is a different personality and I do not know how much the writer Ibrahim Issa wanted her to resemble the real reality of preachers. We know that the reality of religious TV programs has become an essential thing of the viewer&#39;s meal, except that what the novel presents here .. The scene before the broadcasting begins for people. The scene behind the scenes is not only facial makeup and powders, but intellectual makeup as well, and to stand on the psyche of this elderly man and his relationship with his wife who betray and betray him in At the same time, his relationship with his son and some of his religious choices, some of which appear and hide others. His life before he became a preacher and he called out his fears of saying certain things and his material income is cut off by his relations with the state and the government .... a contradictory personality who often runs according to his needs is a true scientist and not an educated person like some defends some groups like Shiites and Jews and does not participate in expiation campaigns And incitement in a more accurate sense: a hypocritical personality .. In the end, it is a work that counts Ibrahim Ibrahim even if it is not classified within the literature of the novel. We cannot exclude it from the topic of social criticism.
Bad and unsteady
Weak. Nothing but the site.
Yes, it is a very regular book, despite its funny nature. More importantly, I did not bother to buy it or read it. I only heard it for two hours or more, and I did some other work. I liked very much the experience of audiobooks, but the book was OK.
Weak. nothing. The smell of the entrance to the apartments is the smell of eating .. The furniture is old and the TV is very high .. Wi-Fi is very weak ..
disappointing. Location. Smells by corridors
One of my first reads to the writer is a strange novel in which the writer insists that he discusses the Bidoon issue, but my opinion as a reader with my respect is that he took the case as an excuse to show his ability to dwell on words and situations. The days of the brutal invasion are real, but the strange events of the other story and the strangest characters that appear to us almost from the Psychiatric Hospital are almost unbearable and made me feel dear, dear writer. I hope that you will publish a book explaining your novels.
Good but not accurate in the promise. Cleanliness is acceptable but not expected for the high price. . The staff did not fail with me to bring the extra bed I needed, comfortably .. Delay in entering the booked apartment until about half past five in the evening.
Despite his reputation,. Except that he did not touch me. Language is weak and meanings are repeated. I never felt it ..
I dedicate to my laughter, oh:. But there were many things that were cliched, truth and repeated, but I mean
Two and a half stars ... In the first part of the book you find a brief biography about the life of Dr. Ahmed Zewail from the beginning of his inception in Egypt until he received the Nobel Peace Prize .. It is a very ordinary biography that may not add anything to the reader, but you can only admire and be proud With this exceptional man, the passion that motivated him to devote his life to science and scientific research .. I wish that Dr. Ahmed had talked more about his life, about the challenges and difficulties that he faced, about the real factors that led him to this success, and about his country, which was not recognized by a righteous son except After he won the Nobel Peace Prize ... The second part of the book is a lecture The author gave it on a number of scientific occasions in several places ... very rich lectures in which he spoke about important topics, including: problems that stand in the way of progress in developing countries and how to overcome them .. the confluence of civilizations and a cultural clash ... on the basic factors for creating an environment of development and progress .. and others, which may seem boring and repetitive topics ... but I never found them like that ... A dialogue also came between Dr. Ahmed Zewail and the editor ... I evaluated the book with two and a half stars ... because I believed that reading a biography of a man occupied this great position of knowledge You should enrich the reader much, much more.
The book is awesome. However ... I did not enjoy much and did not benefit much from reading it. Perhaps the shortage is not from the book, but from me. I am more accustomed to watching the programs of Dr. Tareq Al Suwaidan than reading his books. So I did not find the motivation and enthusiasm that I saw in the lectures. In addition, I am used to reading books full of examples and explanations. So reading a short book does not give me as much benefit as reading long books. But I trust Dr. Tariq Al Suwaidan and his understanding of society, youth and what is in our best interests. So I will keep reading it closely, so it may benefit me indirectly. Or, I understand where the benefit lies and how to invest it in an appropriate way over time. May God reward Dr. Tariq Al Suwaidan for providing us everything useful to us
I didn&#39;t like it and I regretted it so much because I read it ...
Silly stupidity is not useful at all == and all people are called so and so:
He wants the little bride to be present of her past.
The first thing I do not recommend visiting in Ramadan, especially for breakfast, because you really feel that they give charity to you, eat the piece of pizza, and sit waiting for when the direct one comes to you and bring the other to you in a nutshell, their preparations for Ramadan breakfast, and there is no deterrent decision for smokers inside the restaurant, but in non-Ramadan, quiet, beautiful, and some types of pizza Excellent and some are dough in a dough
Poor food, the bathroom has no soles. There is no.
disappointing. Understand and respect the receptionist. A difference to the half-price limits, from room reservations to signatures and reservations at reception, where two nights are booked, and at reception, someone else has booked and the receptionist has refused to include me at the same price as the other.
This book talks about a Saudi woman who went out to meet her lover in a Saudi restaurant and entered as a married couple, but revealed her matter and withdrew to the police station, where they accused the police men of prostitution, and uttered words against them that offended her honor .. And she was imprisoned on that as she talks about the extent of stupidity and her hatred for applying the wrong religion in Saudi Arabia And about her suffering in prison
The book is similar to the books of human development that you blow to me. I did not benefit from any need from what I read and did not make an effort to read the rest .. Summary The book removed all enthusiasm about it after several pages from the other, so I fell.
The place is not worth the paid amount. . Room service is not good. The rooms are not very clean. There is not enough welcome for the visitor. The place is not worth the paid amount
The title is commercial ... The book disappointed me.
The style of Muhammad al-Mansi, with a sense that he is one blessed, I am uncomfortable, not a moon over Samar Qand and a cloudy day. Because he draws the place and the date in which the events occurred brilliantly the novel, in its entirety, it is not a monster, but in Nessbali a moon on a beautiful Sesand In my opinion, it is a novel, which is incomplete or hasty, in the end, despite the length of the novel, I did not know what happened to Aisha, the heroine of the novel. Would she remain a quarter of mine, or would she return to Abbas, and would Mukhtar meet her again? Did the fate of Quarter stop when he discovered the tomb of Tutankhamun ???????? The fate of Mukhtar has had a good role in it, in the life of the heroine of the story, so from my point of view, it is evaluated for no more than one or a lot.
In line with the prevailing fashion, Sarah completes the series of scandalous books in which the daughters of her generation have begun and believes that through her she has knocked on the door to fame and success ... and her night before all of this corrected spelling errors in her book, which is weak and content ... and perhaps through this commentary, the author predicts a black future Just like the darkness of her book’s ideas and what they contained… a deep level intellectual mockery. I also advise her to enroll in dictation courses in writing.
A good but weak book for this great thinker. Many of his ideas are repeated in other books of his. The best I have found. God .. Mustafa Mahmoud. What we see around us from the beginning and repetition cycles confirms to us that death will not be a conclusion but rather the end of a chapter that is soon to be followed by another chapter, and that it is like sleeping for an hour when we shake it and wake up .. Every worldly evil includes goodness within it because it is a merciful and fair act .. the concept of asceticism for a Muslim He rejected humiliation for money, not rejected money for being a decent reward for work or a just sanction for effort.
Don&#39;t fall into the trap, never visit this hotel. This was a terrible experience that I could share with everyone so that others would not fall into the trap. I confirmed the hotel by phone and confirmed that the room was air-conditioned. A car was sent for my connection from Andheri Station. Don&#39;t be fooled by the car that hooked me up, it&#39;s the Toyota Corolla, so you don&#39;t think it&#39;s a better thing for me. At first I was connected to a hut, a place with broken walls and thatched roof, on which I read a good luck bar. This was like a scrap yard. She refused to stay there as she emphasized Pearl Residency. They told me that this is another hotel for them, and as the hotel guests who were supposed to log out did not do so so this was not announced during the many calls during the day that confirm my arrival. When I refused to stay and I was stubborn to stay in the same hotel where I booked, they took me there. The view from the outside of the hotel gave me the impression of the interior. It is like the shop on a busy street surrounded by huts and small houses. Inside the rooms were small, humid, the floor was all wet, no ventilation, doors not closing etc. In short, you cannot live with it. I was angry because of this, and he then offered me another hotel called Unique Residency which they claim belonged to them too. This is also not good, like the apartment, the rooms were all wet, the interior is very old, stinky on the inside and the doors don&#39;t lock. The time was. In no way did I make me look outside as I was so tired. I lived in it somehow, and it passed tonight. I would not advise you to fall into the trap of these hotels, for the best, pay the money for something better and live in peace.
A room only suitable for sleeping, because it is very difficult. The bed is comfortable but the room is very very small and there was an Egyptian employee whom I saw spacious, humble and understanding trying to help others. A problem occurred, and I was not to blame for it. I worked out of the hotel around noon, and after I left with a text on the day I was contacted about evening at night, on the basis that a break was discovered on the TV screen, and this behavior is not appropriate for a hotel. People know the laws, and I don&#39;t know the laws, and if the hotel problem is not remedied, it will fall on everyone who does not know the law and his financial fine without the right
I used to think that when I read his famous autobiography, I would see the thought of this man, even if vague, but his talk in the book was about the days of his boy ... He did not refer soon or even far from his thoughts ... I was amazed at something ... as he is an atheist how he uses words like Praise be to God, may God have mercy on him, and God willing ..?
Inelastic management as I was hospitalized and could not attend, and I contacted the administration not to take the money, but unfortunately. nothing. Reservation management
The beginning of the book “Colonization of Egypt by Timothy Mitchell” is a wonderful and powerful book that opened another horizons for me ... and I tried it especially because it is from the recommendations of Dr. Hossam Abu Al Bukhari. May God reward him. It is a book that is not a historical account or explains colonialism militarily, but it is a book that monitors an important period of events in Egypt ... The book carries the idea of colonial approaches in the way of idea, culture, language and lifestyle in general. The first difficulty I faced was the language of the book, a bodily person, or perhaps the translation did not have between the beauty of the Arabic language and the coldness of the English text .. perhaps. As for the second point, the book needs a reader in philosophy and has a degree of awareness and awareness ... Or the third point is the book, I feel it is academic, or it needs insight into the book of Orientalism for a happy role or theories of Michel Foucault .. who was cited a lot. I have not yet finished reading the book but what traces my mind is a second chapter on the Transcendental Assumption Point. The book is deep and God is the helper.
Too bad, too, this experience will not be repeated. I didn&#39;t like anything. We took a two-room suite with a view on the Kaaba, but the leveled mute and the windows are very small. The pictures in Bukking are not like reality. The service is very, very bad. Room service we sat two days. We rang them and never answered. The hotel treated them unprofessionally. We took a car for Jeddah, who knocked on the driver about one or more times, knowing that it was agreed in advance
I did not like the content of the novel, but the style was good
Honestly, the hotel is the worst hotel. The hotel was the worst hotel I stayed in. The food was good, and the room also. The problem was in the water as it was cutting twice a day. My colleague from Slovenia stole from her room in euros. When we spoke with the manager, they did not help us with any Something of the hotel workers is not helpful at all .. except that the person at the reception was called Ashraf, he was the best person among them ,,, I am Egyptian, but frankly this hotel is a bad picture for Egypt ,, don’t go there.
Writing is very poor and vulgar if P was less than the rating Da you would have done it
A weak hotel and not worth more than a star. Wi-Fi is a poor hotel, and frankly, it does not deserve a Wittner stars. There is no parking, only twenty parking and the hotel can accommodate the room. The services are very bad. No one answers the phone. The furniture is dirty and there is no look. Breakfast is bad and not varied.
Very weak. . What works for housing and its design, mistake the bedroom opens to the second apartment and the inconvenience power
Factor like cheap novels filled with digression and cross-narration and every little bit the writer ends the chapter by discovering a huge surprise with your aspiration of course in the next chapter. I am not able to see from him useful information from the cutter of what is my impression on the one hand and my review of his style on the other hand
disappointing. . I did not like the receptionist’s style of requesting the gym, knowing that the time for Jake Eun was at eight o’clock in the evening and upon my arrival I informed them of my desire to make Jake out late, so I agreed to go out at three o’clock in the afternoon, but I was annoyed from the time at L: M to go out under the pretext that the room cleans the scent Food fills the hallways due to air conditioning
In short, the book is articles not more than pages for each article on the Ottoman Empire with Turkish eyes .. The book is very clear that it is intended specifically for the Turks. I say this because the writer was shining, decorating the actions of the Turks and Sultans at that time, and he was also reiterating how important it is to preserve our history, our heritage, our courtyards and our buildings, and he frequently uses the phrase we are the Turks .. The writer did not cover the entire Ottoman Sultanate, just focus on some Periods in Turkey and rarely speak about other states in the Ottoman Empire. The book was lacking references and sources did not exist, which made me doubt some information. There were strong allegations that needed proof clarifying the extent of their authenticity .. The writer often departed from the topic in half of the article and that disturbed me a lot, especially since he was writing half of the information and suddenly he departed from the topic and talked about something else .. The information I got was a little Compared to what I expected ... The saying bothered me in the book: Say, frankly, Ottoman history is our history, we are the Turks, the history of the Turkish state.
A boring book is so short that I used to go to the end of the page. I see the number of pages I want, so I can save it: / .. Compare it to Azazel and other stores whose village is before me. He loved me very much and did not add anything or even the pleasure of reading: Unfortunately. I was expecting more than this because the beginning of the novel was heralded more than this ... A nice Marian character with her innocence, but it is not the character who could be influenced by me or the best I think of her after I save the novel or insulted the mark ... The character of the Nabati who was supposed to be the novel was revolving around it As a function of the title, it could not have any central role in events or any important mark. Many details did not add anything
disappointing. We were greeted at morning, the hotel was clean, and the reception staff was polite and helpful. Away from the campus, about a kilo, and the road is high and unclean. The alternative is an uncomfortable microbus car. You may not find it traveling halfway to the campus and the rest is walking. Wi-Fi is a router set up in the reception and not connected to the rooms as they claim
Moldy hotel. Too bad a mold. Moldy hotel
Bitterness in the throat, left behind by the writer&#39;s intolerance and racism, which I have emptied in her novel ... My criticisms of the novel. The style of the writer is straightforward and is not strong in the language at all, even if she is able and better than many people writing and there is no fragility, but the director has a linguistic outcome or revived in a strong and eloquent style .. The first half of the novel was interesting and interesting, but the second half was very boring drama and repetitive events. She provided the dose in drama and depression to an annoying degree .. The use of flashback in the second half of the novel was very exaggerated and confused, so no one is accustomed to flashback in the novels, of course, it will be confused and the events are not easy to understand and I am trying to complete the other with health to some extent. The writer towards the Jews and likened them They were heartless monsters, and the funny ending is for all non-Muslims, O Islam, Mattu. The Muslims in the novel are all ideal and Jews are all evil. A novel that expresses the fanaticism and extremism of the writer. I was stunned when I read some of the readers ’defense and said that it is defending religion. I want to defend religion, write about the history of Muslims, their scholars and their accomplishments, or the biography of the Prophet, or write books or articles. But neither extremism benefits religion, on the contrary, it harms it, nor does the novel and literature provide space for sectarian strife and the call to Islam. I understood that I would get to know the Jewish community with its religious customs, ideas, and values. All information about Jews in the novel, whether Jewish religion or customs and traditions, was presented in a raw racist form. They were all negative and bad, knowing that they were astray, but a disgusting disgusting method .. The two stars of the writer&#39;s style were reasonable and the effort to paint the characters was good.
The hotel needs new management. I like the room style and the room is spacious. Many things I did not like. The floor is not clean. The service is bad. The showers came at 1:15 p.m. Shattaf. The bathroom was running out of water all day long. The bathtub is old. The wireless is far from room number.
Is bad. zero. Everything is far away, the receptionist is waiting from the hour, and he beats to look for food. May God have mercy on his mercy, what works
Dubai hated the day I lived in Abruy. . Everyone in the room does not speak Arabic. The bed is very tired. The details of the room are comfortable. The entrance to the hotel is difficult. Marlopi is a bad woman.
He who says cheap is sure to be cheap because he is moldy. I did not like something and lost my time, but the evaluation. If I am traveling to me and benefit me, how can it benefit others? I swear to God, I’m treading the bed to cast a place where I pray very small for two young people. As for what his wife would like to put in his second position in God, how do you sit in the room, my father? This hotel is impossible. I return to it. I think that a double bed is enough for only one person, and they have rooms between them, a door that means I dream of comfort and privacy.
Bad reception, rest, and cleanliness. I liked the sea view and the perfect atmosphere. I had a problem that ruined my mood for the trip first. I booked from Poking at the Visa, and there was the amount, and I calculated the work teams that are forty dirhams. I said, wait for the manager. I sat for an hour and a text. Wait for the manager. Late, they said, we will withdraw from you for an extra dirham. We will give you a room. Of course you have to, and you accept the lobby, a disgusting smell.
With my respect, appreciation and admiration for Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud. The book is an unsuccessful attempt to explain the phylogeny of an al-Nafri Sufis, many of the sentences are nothing but the word and its derivatives, meaningless. Many sentences speak vague and incomprehensible need
To be honest, very bad about the previous one. The reception is very poor and very pricey. I did not like everything
To clarify: The restaurant was owned by a Saudi person .. I think his name is Zayed Al-Qarmoushi ... The restaurant was successful and distinguished and everyone knows and loves him .. But now it turns out that he sold the name to God and your agent played in it neither in terms of cleanliness nor in terms of customer service .. The restaurant has become Too bad too too.
The title tempts you but the content of the book does not fulfill the right to be creative as it is very far from it. Point of view
Frankly, at the beginning of the restaurant in Riyadh the situation was better .. But in recent years the situation has changed and this may be like what some brothers mentioned in some branches and perhaps the reason for that is the quality of the work that works in the branch. From what I noticed that the taste of pizza is not the expected level ... Also, some side dishes are not identical to their shape in the menu and I mean specifically the pasta with meat balls ... The meat ideas that come with pasta are small and dark in color and are not the same as the menu.
I mean, one star and more than this ridiculous, ridiculous book full of words of disbelief, heresy and lack of literature .. If he loves and loves his wife, he should only write for her .. What is the reason for publishing it in a book ?? Moreover, half of his expressions are incomprehensible and meaningless .. What does it mean to hang on her neck twice ?? What does it mean to sip her words and savor her dreams ..
Bad for the purpose. . Wi-Fi is very weak
Squid lesclete
Not suitable for families. . They said overlooking the sea and the truth. Look on the side and it is necessary to venture in order to look at the sea and this is in all rooms of the hotel. Very expensive and they took the insurance amount and did not return it even though I did not use the refrigerator.
A philosophical narration of Nietzsche and not a biography or sayings of the Persian Prophet Zoroaster, the Prophet of the Zoroastrians, the Magi ... was deeply tired of Nietzsche&#39;s ideas which are dominated by atheism and the nature of confusion I liked, I do not know why? . Too many and very little useful.
Despite some beautiful quotes of the book, however, when I read it completely, I felt disappointed ... There are phrases of similar meaning that I repeat and do not know what the end of that is like:. O Lord, I love her and I am ashamed to ask you something else .. After her love, the other phrase is:. Since he loved it and is ashamed to ask God anything. I also found a quote by author Ahlam Mostaghanemi, and I do not know why he did not mention it as a quote, but rather it seemed as though he had written it:. She said to me: I dream to open my door with you, I answered: I dream to open my house and to meet you .. And the last point that I want to talk about and I do not know that things mixed up for me or is it true, which is:. I always watch her .. I read it .. And in the end I come back to my table, nothing with me except me ... reminded me of the saying of Nizar Qabbani. Back to my table I only have words as if he were changing some of his words and writing them ...
disappointing. The location is good and the hotel is spacious and the price was adequate. The elevators are only used by one, and the positions are wide, but they are not organized and do not know where to go to the elevators.
I could not believe after I finished reading this book that the author himself later wrote his literary masterpiece Azazel ... a very shallow book on the level of the idea and the content, and that it was decorated with a beautiful literary language
disappointing. Location. The price is the size of the rooms and the prayer closes the pool in turn
Behind me. The reception staff is very very respectful, the health club has excellent, respectful and professional massage. The quality of the room is not suitable for the price, so it was very, very dark. I said the manners of the restaurant workers, where they raised their voice when requesting an urgent request. The price is not commensurate with the quality and luxury of the place. An experience that will not be repeated for this housing, God willing
Put your money in another hotel. This is the worst hotel you can imagine in Dubai. Huge noise from the construction works adjacent to the hotel. The furniture is worn out .. noise, dust, room dirt and towels. Everything without exaggeration.
Nice, but some reception staff are disrespectful. . OK hotel, but the worst thing is the reception staff. I met a Filipina woman who works at the reception and was very, very poorly treated.
I do not recommend it. . The service is bad, the cleanliness is bad, the place is old, the furniture is worn out and the weariness is the only reason that intercedes for him is that it is cheap and covers the budget and it is close
Old hotel. The staff, some of them make an effort. Many things, the park does not have a front desk, air conditioner, bathroom scent, and room arrangement
I like the frankness and I did not understand it at all
I do not understand. Was Hayat looking for love, and destiny put her somewhere at some point until she met. B From my own name, Khaled Ali, the name of the protagonist of her novel? Or was she making all this up? Or did she write all this? Or did she love Abdel-Haq, who is himself called Khaled? The writer&#39;s style is more than wonderful. Her filming of some disgraceful scenes made me very upset. We are the Arab Islamic homeland. It is not our custom for a girl to go to a young person&#39;s house alone, and what happens will happen. I do not know what morals degeneration would have been for Algeria if this were a normal thing for them?
The burgers taste ghais to the last degree. The last time I ate it
disappointing. . The prices are very expensive, like the snake terrier. Every thing is forbidden until visiting a friend. Every thing has fees, even for tea and tea
Weak. . The most important thing is the poor handling of reception staff, and it is non-family.
I remember pushing myself to complete this book, perhaps a line intercede for him. However, I found nothing but miserable prejudice and dedication to the idea of the inferiority of women, if not directly. The language of prejudice and exaggeration does not amount to literary work, but it became so thanks to the naivety of the recipient ...
A novel embodying a Gulf view of Arab reality in the sixties, but with the awareness of the nineties ... I think it is a personal experience of the writer and that he was part of its events
The location is excellent but the price for the services is very expensive. I only like the apartment capacity. Breakfast is the bed waiting to bring the car from the parking lot is bad
I was suffocated by the writer cramming himself as a story teller .... lost in many events because of his narration method ... but I am used to judging me to something other than when I finish the whole series.
The novel is very weak, the plot is poor, the language is current, and I may write a detailed review about it later
Do you want me to tell you what I read? . No. when ? I will even speak. What I read are not short stories but rather the thoughts and writings of a writer who hurt himself and his passion. From conquering the world of lies, compliments and flashes. Buthaina Al-Essa decided to present her in the form of stories in the hope that she would find an ear to hear. She put what happened and her breasts blemished
A beautiful collection of verses, collected by the author based on her fame, and this is what the title indicates .. The most beautiful house for me:. You stand and mock astrology revolving and you can, and predestination laughs
In short, all that happens to women is a systematic, American, Jewish, Zionist, and secular attempt, not from ourselves. We live a healthy Islamic life and do not demand anything because we are already liberated. I agree with a little of the book, but most of it is not
disappointing. Location. The service is poor and the staff does not respond to requests
Good location .... the hotel lacks credibility as the smells of smoking are spread with the presence of paintings that prevent this. nothing. Smells of smoking even by the elevator, nuisance in the walls, annoying cars in the morning
The book never opens the correct way to open the book
It is a novel and a page need. Do you know how you feel when you reach the page and feel that you have exhausted all your energy to carry the book in your hands and do not want to read an extra page? Do you know the feeling that you remain surprised by yourself, how can you take a page from this novel? The narration, from my point of view, is very bad, no pleasure, suspense, wisdom and benefit, nor a new world that you recognize, nor any need. A novel and boring narration in every sense of the word
The translation lost the text a lot. And she left me a distorted picture of Andre Jade. So as not to refer all the guilt to translation. I found a narrative style that is superficial, and the narrator did not reach me until I do not have a specific picture of him. Also, if the narrator is successful and if he fails to catch him in a paragraph, then he will be lost. I don’t know where the fault is .. My rating is 2.5 and a half
Very weak. . Cheating in custody
In the beginning, I was randomly chosen for the novel, as an old book attracted me by its name. I was attracted to what would be the end of a man&#39;s courage among the cards of Hanna Minh ... When I started with it, I was waiting for more excitement than his wrath, anger, absurdity and some of his words that are not worthy of a novel, until I reached it with someone Boredom, but I persisted to see the end of his courage ... When I knew that there was a series belonging to the same novel, I watched it for the purpose of comparison and I liked it very much, to the extent that it outperformed the fictional work several times, because the hero was more courageous than I imagined the novel within his words and his speed and narration of events .. As for In the novel, it was useful only to the stubbornness that led him to that end ... the series does not come C .. As for the novel opposite, it is put on the shelf ... It does not deserve more than two stars ..
disappointing. I liked it .. its cleanliness .. eating but it is expensive. I did not like .. the internet is very weak .. the room service staff is bad ..
The last time I stay and I do not recommend anyone staying there. Hotel design and car service. The style of reception was not appropriate, and the rooms were not clean. We found a bottle of water poured over it and packed makeup and a phone cord.
Guillotine, an important study on punishment provisions for death. The translator describes the research study as a profound human display of the sentenced people and the convulsions of their souls when they know the date of their execution. . The death penalty, the death penalty or the death penalty is the killing of a person by judicial process. For public punishment or deterrence and prevention .... The guillotine was invented by Gliotan and it was said that although it is not certain that he was executed by the invention he invented ....... Albert Camus here defends the right of the murderer and the criminal to live and live, and his opinion is similar to the Amnesty International declaration which states ... .: The death penalty is the culmination of human rights deprivation. It is the willful killing of a person by the state. This cruel, inhuman and degrading punishment is committed in the name of justice .. It violates the right to life as declared in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .. Amnesty International opposes the death penalty in all cases without any exception regardless of the nature of the crime or the characteristics of the guilty and the method used by the state to kill Prisoner .. .. The French Revolution provided the guillotine as a new and humane method, as an alternative to the old ways of Khouzaqa, steel and burning with fire. . Albert Camus defends and lists the argument after the other and refutes the arguments of supporters of execution in France in particular, Albert Camus did not know that today the French Foreign Ministry is carrying out a global campaign to urge and persuade countries to abolish the death government. . The issue of abolishing the death penalty is controversial, past and present. In the twelfth century, law scholar Musa bin Maimon, an oriental Jew, wrote that it is better for a thousand guilty to be acquitted than for an innocent person to be sentenced to death. He has argued that carrying out a death sentence against a criminal without absolute certainty will lead to something worse, which is to reduce the burden of proof until we reach the point until a person is convicted of the judge’s whims. His focus was on public respect for the law, and he saw that the wrongdoing was more threatening than the errors of negligence and negligence. . And the death penalty in a religious, Buddhist view is an example that states Buddha&#39;s teachings: Everyone fears punishment; everyone fears death, just like you. So, do not kill or kill anyone. Everyone is afraid of punishment, everyone loves life, just like you. Therefore, do not kill or cause anyone to be killed .. As for Islam: O you who believe, the punishment for the free slaves of the free and slave of the slave and the female for the female is written upon you. If someone pardoned him from his brother, then follow the favor and perform to him with kindness, relieving your Lord, mercy, etc. The controversy was largely abolishing the death penalty in literature and cinema. It deals with a novel by writer George Orwell dealing with one of the death sentences that Orwell witnessed while serving as a Burma policeman in the 1920s. Orwell wrote in this regard that it is really strange; up to this point, I could not comprehend the wisdom of destroying the life of an awareness-and-health man. When I saw the prisoner stepping to avoid falling snowflakes, I saw the mystery and fatal mistake of ending a person&#39;s life while he was in his prime. This man was not around the corner from death, but was alive as we were ... .. There are films in play that dealt with the topic of the death penalty and its opposition to it, but many people agree that it is a masterpiece Kishlowski a short film about death, one of the best works. . . Also in it is a film: On a professor who heads a group fighting the death penalty, he is involved in a death sentence ... and a journalist is trying to prove his innocence. I saw a week ago a movie called:. The film tells the story of a serial killer, whose only concern is to kill ... the killers ... meaning that he takes justice and retribution in his hand, because the government and the criminal court released many of the killers ..? . He says in the movie that this system of justice pollutes and eliminates humanity, it is time to get up from the sofa, it is time to turn off the TV, it is time to get up and scream, this does not work. This is wrong, we must do something, we must take a stand that takes care of us and protects each other, I I am not John Doh, but we are all John Doh. You must make them think before they are raped or killed. They must believe that there is someone watching and preparing to do something. The government and the court will do nothing but you. . This film has a different view of Albert Camus. . ... I could not form a final opinion on the topic of rejecting the death penalty, sometimes I am with the death penalty because the death penalty must be applied to the killer, whatever the reason for his killing, unless it was in self-defense or unintentionally .. And at other times I agree that it is the cruel psychological judgment From the death penalty .. life imprisonment and solitary confinement is stronger and more than its execution because it deprived of freedom and unity is a slow and longer death. . Many people are envied in deciding their position ... What is funny is that the French revolutionary is one of the revolutionary leaders in the French Revolution. George Jacques Danton, the owner of the guillotine saying, is the solution when his neck is placed under the guillotine. The revolution eats its children. . The same situation happened with his companion Rossbier, who killed thousands on the guillotine. He was killed in the same way. . There are many words before the execution of the killers, examples:. John Wayne Gacy, who raped and killed at least a boy between, and executed all his crimes in a clown costume, was executed in May .. His last words: Go to hell. Karl Banzram killed at least one, and raped more than one man in the United States. His last words: Hurry up, idiots. Now I can kill you while you stand around us in vain. And he was executed in September .. His last words: Tell me, after I cut off my head, will I still be able to hear, at least for a moment, the sound of my blood flowing from my neck? It would be a pleasure to test all pleasures, Peter Curtin known as the Dusseldorf vampire killed between and between adults and children, and he drank the blood of his victims, as well as rape and beat him many others in Germany, and was executed by the guillotine in July .., his last words: I will be In Hell before you started breakfast, come on, boys, hurry up, Tom Ketchum was sometimes known as Black Jack, and he is said to have killed many people, but eventually he was hanged for his involvement in a train robbery, and he was executed in April .., his last words Take your time, master your work: Dr. Henry Howard Holmes is one of the first American thugs to be disgraced Committed a murder, some of which were exhibited at the Chicago Public Show, and executed in May .., his last words: I bear no grudge, these are my actions and what happened, and unfortunately, Stephen Judy killed a woman and her children in a year, and in March he was executed by electric chair . Here is an essay topic: With pictures ...: //. . / / .... Wikipedia article on the death penalty, an excellent way to help you gain a historical understanding of this punishment. . : //. . // The penalty of ...
To rest and inevitably enjoy a place. Everything was beautiful. Nothing although the rooms are small, perhaps not all
By God, I do not believe that the book, or in the true sense of this thing, is insignificant, stupid, naive, and a name has been given. No ....... Absolutely. We are used to it, insignificance remained the feature of the times. To me who is madagainly and surprisingly more, the sister who wrote this book is an assistant teacher at the Faculty of Information, Cairo University, and I have prepared a job and worked as a Ph.D.
Unfortunately, the second book by Abdullah Al-Mughlouth and what I enjoyed it, Yadoub, his pages were concluded as a page only .. I have great respect for Mr. Abdullah Al-Mughlouth. But this is his second book without feeling any fun. This supposed book conveys an antibiotic of despair if you want the press to enter and also with all my respect for those mentioned in the book, some of whose stories are not even successful and did not suffer in it .. The beautiful thing is that he tried to mention those who were marginalized by society and this thing that made me give the book a star, with the smoothness of writing However, sometimes it becomes exaggerated.
A play that addresses children and ends in absurdity
I did not find any reason to be amazed at most of the readers of the novel were it not for some quotes that the novel would not have been worth reading. Here are some quotes:. Only when we stop the false celebration of life do we know the value of death. A human being is a lonely being, no matter how surrounded by the noise of human beings, the path of his pain and no one else walks with him .. Do not be sad for the days that pass, for it is a pain that has passed and salvation is near. I do not understand those who fear death. Does a person hate salvation? The moment a person realizes everything he knows, it is the moment of death. Such unseen visions sweeping the drowning, breathed with the river. At the moment of death, the truth is, there are no illusions any longer, and wishes are not confused. You see everything as it is, not as you wish.
All the sweetness that has a little pumping ... but the most important thing is that the message arrived, I think this is the most important need for the writer.
The title attracted me, but when I started reading, I quickly became bored with the simplicity and simplicity of the language
I did not like her colloquial style
The novel is neither short nor long for the Algerian writer Fadila Farouk. It reflects the state of Algerian society in the 1990s, the days of terrorism in Algeria. And what accompanies this terrorism is mistreatment of women, kidnapping, torture, rape, harassment, violation, not only at the hands of terrorists, but also at the hands of men of society itself. And how the Algerian society is backward, poor, and mistreating women, and how the heroine in the end did not find any remedy for this problem except by leaving that homeland to disobey treatment .... I think it is the same problems in all countries of the Arab world, despite its richness and natural wealth, except She lives in poverty, backwardness, reaction, adherence, and mistreatment of the female, in contrast to the will of the Holy Prophet, accompanied by bottles ...... The solution and remedy to her problem and our problem in Egypt is to travel and emigrate and leave that country only irreversibly, except that there is Few idiots, including myself, made it difficult for myself to do so
I was not received. . I was not received though I was booked through bookings and confirmed reservations
Frustration This is my current feeling after I finished reading the novel. The novel begins with a strong and coherent beginning, then this cohesion gradually subsides until it almost fades. Qandil has worked hard to describe the characters of the novel and also tried to link them in painstaking attempts, but it failed, so the characters appeared as separate entities and as if they were short stories within a general framework and not a complete coherent work The staff, and even these short stories were not in the required depth. This novel disappointed all my expectations with a strong start and an extremely naive end.
I do not recommend it. . Pictures are not reality, inconvenience ... and lack of services.
I do not like it . nothing. everything
Not the standard of hotel services. . Most things
Absolute spontaneity from a likable personality
Not worth the paid price and lacks cleanliness. Breakfast is good and the views are beautiful. The place is not clean, the furniture is old and dirty, and the price is very high
I was definitely waiting for a better novel to go under there. But Dr. Youssef, who wrote Azazel, is not the one to write Guantanamo. The novel is unbearably boring in which it tries hard to use knowledge to weave the material of the novel, but the book missed Hussein the novelist and the epistemic together.
disappointing. The rooms are spacious and the cleanliness is good. Entry and exit
Excellent location. The location is very excellent, the cleanliness and reception, the cars and the internet are all excellent and close to restaurants and groceries by the tower, cinema and beach near. The construction work adjacent to the site is very annoying, day and night ... only
It is excellent. Especially the fish meal, which means that it is general. Unfortunately, everyone is witnessing that it has changed from two years now. So the unknowing authority buffet is to exist or not? But it is one of the worst buffet of salads. And potatoes always return them because they are cold and hard and ask for something new. Until I remember twice, they gave me cola and sprite without sugar and taste, and I returned it to the counter and said, &quot;Sorry, the makana is so badly neglected.&quot; Tables became oil and the floor was filled with leftovers. And workers are bad and toilets, God bless you. Just surprising at the level of the restaurant and it does not matter if the employees are Saudi, as Saudis in such places need extensive training like McDonald&#39;s Academy. Only the only reason that leaves Dagen with his friend Youssef, who is one of Al-Rajhi’s sons and the other thing, is the identity of the restaurant and its unique decorations.
A crowd of information prepared in advance articles without real recruitment. I didn&#39;t see anything worthy of putting it in a book.
Pullman is the worst hotel of humankind. There is nothing positive for honesty. Toilets are very bad, so the water does not come out of it and collects in a place far from its drainage, but it may go out to the room Adaptation with one interrupt is in the sense that if you turn it off from a room it turns off the other, we lived in a royal plan, even if its value is B, who will be generous? Elevators on more than one stage
I could not complete the book My mood does not help me to absorb or benefit from this dialogue that the author assumed between the Lord and His servant. I stopped by the page from him to return to him when the situation was available:
I did not complete I read the book. The book is a collection of Sufi opinions that I am not convinced of.
Although there are some beautiful lines, unfortunately, the novel does not have a certain plot and I did not like the personality of Mary. I mean, he sees the concept of a strong woman in a wrong way. I also think, unfortunately, she did not add anything to my information. All that is in the novel are things that the reader knows most, but the problem is that the people are exaggerating. the novel.
The story of my interest and disbelief in Al-Sahlawi .. What laughter do you think of me at home? Speak with some laughter. I liked it, I laughed in the same way:
I do not advise, but stay in this hotel. I was coming from America on a trip that stopped for one day, and the time for my arrival was at the morning. They told me if I wanted to go down in the room early, to pay a reservation for two days, I did so in advance and when I arrived they said that I was late to come so I saw them on my reservation papers and my arrival. The prior agreement started with preparing rooms after three hours other than the required rooms, they smelled bad and they did not make any apologies, especially with two of my girls
The facility does not rise to the standard of the word resort. nothing.
One of the most expensive hotels in the world with service that doesn&#39;t match the price ... The cheapest room rate was twice the room rate at the next hotel in the seasons. I have stayed in many five star hotels in the world including many Kempinski hotels and this hotel is even more expensive than the only and only Kempinski Hotel in the Maldives. Breakfast was not included. A cup of coffee cost me a dollar. The service at the pool is very slow and when I asked they said they were very busy. I think if they pay us tons of money they should invest more money and find other excuses for not serving.
No benefit, just a waste of time
One of the worst hotels in Abu Dhabi. . There is no employee carrying bags, and the check-in and check-out rate is very slow. Almost half an hour. Rooms are not clean. The staff do not smile, causing frustration, delay in meeting requests.
Acceptable, although some dialogues have no meaning
Very weak. . One of the worst hotels where I stayed, because you have no bathroom, no floor, and a bad lounge in every sense of the word
The narration of the shower, and its form, is a regular case. I am aware of something strange that I do not know. What do I understand? I don&#39;t understand anything. Sure, I will give it again, because I really need it. Sufficiency sheltered by the two stars due to the significant negatives in this thing. Now the most important thing I will do is take a headache because of this wonderful novel:
Repeating the same literary vocabulary, listing the same events with more than one syllable, superficial ideas despite the quality of the topic, a confusing random transition for the reader in chronological order of events ..... it is calculated for the writer his audacity in dealing with this angle of time and place no more
Boring is terrible while I read Fakhruddin’s death so much that I have closed the narration and thought that I am completing it, especially since the same events were written by Ezz Al-Din Shukri in his novel The Exit Door, and it could be a reason that I read the exit exit before Fakhruddin was killed
So, he wanted it for good and the intention was sound. Abdul Rahman Al Sharqawi wanted to direct this book specifically to non-Muslims so that the Messenger would give them the severed human relationship with the sky. But I say that this attempt came as the popular proverb Jeh unkind of her. If we consider this book a literary novel, for example, as Abdul Rahman Al-Sharqawi wanted, then it can be classified as an artistic failure. Technical and literary performance. Al-Sharkawi did not add to the biography, except a simple vow of his superficial interpretations, so he explains the emotions and feelings of the Messenger, for example, on his whims. Another disturbing matter: direct vaccination of great interpretations in ordinary situations: for example, he says, and Muhammad summoned his poet Hassan bin Thabit to lend to poetry in Islam .. Muhammad used to love poets and appreciates culture and places culture and intellectuals in their great position, and so in most spontaneous situations inherited by Arabs. I did not feel it as a literary work as if it was an ordinary Islamic study that is very boring when Al-Sharqawi engages himself in the events Also strange in this book is that the word Qur’an was mentioned only about times, and Gabriel’s mention did not come at all. The verses are written in the form of prose, the form of which is not revealed by a home Qur’an or by revelation. He did not even mention the occurrence of the revelation for the first time Read .. Rather, he merely mentioned that his face was chained Iraq and ...: It seems like it was a dream or a shame. Unfortunately, this is originally the image of the Messenger and revelation among non-Muslims dealing with the Messenger as if he was a writer, for example comes to him as revelations and great writers and that the Qur’an composes this is the idea of the moderates among them. And my view of Al-Sharqawi proves that he is kicking her away. The other thing: The Messenger’s wives .. I used to say that before the marriage of every wife to say this similar story is repeated: and among the spouses was a beautiful girl and he indicated to his companions that one of them marry them and they refuse or reject her or any other reasons and in the end the Messenger marries her ... how annoying Abdul Rahman Al-Sharkawi&#39;s interpretations. This is in addition to the strange news that I have not heard about before, such as in the story of Hamzah, his worship with wine, and the story of the Qur’an, which I hear about for the first time from Al-Sharqawi and other stories. The book, of course, is free from sources, so we do not know from any source that drew its information ... In the end: This work is really great for those who want to write a story about the biography and want to avoid all these fallacies and missteps ... Unfortunately this great literary work on the biography has not been written yet and I believe It will not be written by a Muslim. The only thing that counts for Al-Sharqawi: the easy sequence of events and easy language that is far from the intricacies of ancient Islamic books .. Note: I read before a book. Sealed Nectar. Which on the basis of which I criticized .. Whoever wants to read this book prefers not to be its primary source about the biography
Poor quality speaker, I would not recommend it if you are a pure sound enthusiast
Very weak. nothing. Everything I did not like, especially the halls and galleries
Weak. Location is convenient to east and south of Riyadh, the restaurant is quite good. Lack of attention to the cleanliness of the bed, chairs and graffiti appear on the walls of the room
The idea, of course, is not new. I didn’t work with my account, in the end, it will be the same idea that was repeated in more than one work before that. But I liked the way the narration was strange in the first, but with the continuation of reading things clear more .. In a lot of camels I stood at it and may have affected me. In general, a good style is good, but it is not unique and there is no need to marginalize it.
Weak. Wi-Fi. Parking
The book in the first suggests to the reader that it is full of excitement and suspense .. Brahma .. The wonders of Brahma .. The contradiction between the modern modern scientific age in the facilities of the narrator and the wonders of the beggar Brahma, according to him, represents a wide gap between the learner in the current era and the believer in superstitions without scientific explanation. We turn to the stage of the Pharaohs and their dreams about them, their customs and traditions, and start digging in the hope of finding a penitentiary on the eastern wall of the pyramid, which represents the most interesting part of the novel. Then ending with disappointment and fractures of the soul before fractures of the bones .. Thus the human being is an enemy of what he does not know .. and will remain. She needed a more suspicious ending .. A second attempt by the narrator could be made to climb the pyramid to prove that the fractures .. do not break the will
Flora was one of my favorite places, but the last visit was the sudden brushes and bedding worn out. .
Ahmed Murad needs me a leave from writing that he spends reviewing future writing projects. All writing ideas for me are removed from ancient periods of time or historical novels, or at least looking at the historical period that he intended to write about, and it is better that he review the personality experience in writing after the diamond dust.
Our Lord forgives them, we were a set of double beds, two lights, and we arrived the first day of our soul, the two hours were at noon, and it was very high and there was no one to wipe the water from him on the ceramic. I went to the clinic of the hotel. I did not know what I needed, and without a working hospital, there was a ray of broken hands and needing nails and a chip, and they wanted me for every pound. Provided that the first time was at night in the evening, the doubler dormitory went to the precisely the abode in the precinct, and the second abode did not know their need before they completed. They need something after we spent the whole day in the hospital, and we did not use a sea, a bisque, nor a shelter.
An unrepeatable experience. Everything is normal and less violin. The pictures are against reality, there is an unpleasant smell, the inconvenience of the main street, and the large number of trucks, given that its location is close to the auto industry
A nice, light book that is useful for a novice in reading in my preparatory or primary preparations for the revolution, but of course the information is not sufficient, but to some extent it is a simplified picture.
I add my voice to those who considered a page insufficient for a work, story and plot like this. The subject of the novel is very large, the relationship of the Yemeni Jews with their Muslims, and the story of the Yemeni Jews, which is not very much told by a page. The language of the novel is not good, and the events began successively fast and somewhat interesting, after which it became boring and repetitive. An ordinary novel
A recurring calamity. The water at the reception is free and the reception staff treated very well and comfortably. There is no soap in the bathroom. The shower is broken, distant and tired to walk to and from the sanctuary. The bed is old
Admit that Mostafa Mahmoud is an intelligent person. But his method of booing, as he spoke about his atheist friend, Mustafa Mahmoud, in his response, was harassing me. I think that if Mustafa Mahmoud the believer has little confidence, he doesn’t need to reduce Mustafa Mahmoud the atheist or sit around and talk about it in this way .. Unfortunately for another problem, you are addressing an oriental mentality that is always governed by emotion. Who do you want to come up with? Why is this critical? My criticism remains for the content, if it is his words, it is possible to remain sane, sober and beautiful. If we paralyze from our account a few questions in our brain, it is locked by a lock. The one who sits asking questions, I want our Lord to remain, you also did not convince me of anything. You can say that in certain subjects, it is greater than if I speak on it and that my philosophy will not be justified, explained, or discussed, but you attack those who speak to these needs. This is simply a need for a defect in one&#39;s right that includes all the topics included from a philosophical perspective.
Somewhat good ... one star for the case carried by Dr. Al-Hudhaif and another star for language and narration ... the story of a young scholarship who meets an American girl and falls into a great struggle between continuing and stopping ... the end came open and appropriate for the whole of the novel.
disappointing. Room space. External disturbance due to work next to the hotel and it can take more than a year and a half to finish building work plus music on the corridors of the rooms working day and night and annoying in the evening
I saw Badriya Al-Bishr just a few days ago in a television interview talking about this novel and about the sacrifice of one of its characters, which made me remember that I previously downloaded and forgotten her speech made me search for it and start reading ... For those around her with an Egyptian movie scene, and she swims in her imaginations between Egypt and Saudi Arabia, who later loves her Egyptian doctor because he is Egyptian and his tone broadcasts tenderness and finds in the end that he is ugly, naive and dull because he rejected the idea of escaping with her to Egypt. The general framework of the story and her finding that the facts are incomplete were not complete characters and found her constant and their reactions expected except for the approval and sacrifice of her daughter&#39;s marriage to a Palestinian in addition to those characters that appear and disappear suddenly and have no role in the development of the events of the novel The narration is intertwined between a direct narration by the writer and the tongue of Aziz in the same Time, style, made me feel as if I had to finish the book, not enjoying it, personal opinions in presenting the story, as if the person’s opinion is a postulate that everyone has agreed upon. The open end has never promoted me as if it made the characters pending and the fate of most of them is unknown, as well as the heroine of the novel Azi Of which we do not know do you have completed her life with my father Fahad achieved her dreams or fifties with Egyptian Ahmed?. The Juhayman Al-Otaibi incident is not calculated for the novel in my view that I know little about it, and of course what people mentioned here called me to search for the story more .. The first reading of human Badria is not encouraging at all and I thank God that I read it in a free electronic version:
I do not recommend it. nothing. Wi-Fi is free, the location is very noisy, no soundproofing, the furniture is old, the lobby is small.
Moataz resides in the hotel from August until I am still in it until now. The place is Royal Wing more than wonderful, but the service is very weak and any request needs to be repeated more than once to implement the restaurant. It makes you hesitate to request them other than the dates of the bars and snacks meals very far
I didn&#39;t complete a few pages on it. I was not drawn into narration. I think it is more suitable for social media than publishing with books
It is not considered a hotel, but the apartments are furnished in the middle class. The staff was helpful at the time of entry and exit and I liked the view from the restaurant. I was delivered a room that does not match my reservation, and less than that, on the pretext that I asked for an early check-in and did not notice him and the cafeteria prices are exaggerated, there is only one elevator that works, a laundry does not work, the furniture is very old, the parking lots in front of the hotel are always crowded, not worth this amount I was shocked by what I expected so badly
A bold novel Ui. There are repetitive words of modesty repeated without the necessity of making you alone, you are not able to complete them, condoning them, as the novel makes comparisons between a class of intensity in wealth, utopia, and a class of severity in poverty. / Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq is a better style, and from the uproar I got the novel.
Very weak. . The furniture is old and the room was noisy, the TV channels are limited, old and small
I think I have read most of the articles before ... I have read them many times. And I think that from my frequent reading of the doctor, I knew all his thoughts, opinions, and humor before he said it. Nothing new under the sun ...: But I just won&#39;t say that. Because I love anything that a man can write. ..
Good as an audio book. I would have felt a lot of boredom if I read it because it is a lot of repetition, and it is a talk we all have in mind, there is no clever plan that we follow .. It is a clever title to attract some and the writer succeeds, this type of book does not appeal to me .. Did you really succeed after reading it ??
Weak. nothing. Cleanliness . I called the hotel manager because the room chairs are not clean. The toilet disposes of water only after an hour. Do not advise anyone to live in it
I would absolutely not recommend staying at this hotel. Location only. The reception is very bad. The hotel manager treats him very poorly and does not respond to requests from guests. The hotel manager is a major reason not to think about staying in this hotel in the future. Unpleasant smell in the rooms. The Internet is almost non-existent. There are no tools in the room such as hanging cup heater ... etc. Kitchen furniture is damaged.
His method of presenting the problem with a sarcastic humor is good, but we are speaking about the problems he is discussing. Firstly, if the problems exist, they do not represent a large percentage. The problems that you will present remain an outdated need for a serious generation and grandfather. Whoever notices that there are problems not so much at the present time, they deserve to be discussed in addition to that he discusses the problems of a specific segment, and not all segments. For me, the book is an old Arabic film that is repeated until the method of solving problems in a purely typical manner. I think from my point of view, if you compare it with the seven love masks, then this seven love masks will be a lot better for a review of the problems and offer solutions.
Had it not been for Ahmed Khaled Tawfik&#39;s name on the cover, readers ’ratings would have changed a lot .. I only loved the story of the next patient
Many times the pronouns become distracted from me and I do not know which pronouns belong to whom ... is the problem with translation? Or in writing? Or in the reader who is me. And that appears specifically in the last story ... please advise us
I took nothing from him except for a page that made myself a lemon until I finished them and I don&#39;t think I did. Sorry, I was not wasting my life a moment on this poor style.
This is the first work that I read to Dr. Ayman Al-Atoom, I might have had to pick another book from his books to start with, but the predestination wished ... I found myself spending the first page in uselessness, not a strong plot to draw me, nor a beauty in the language, and in the second part I found it a little different if not The large number of messages that clamored the novel.
Bad . . The hotel is badly treated by the staff, it is bad, there is no internet, and the electricity is not available. The hotel’s location is on a high mountain and the road is dirt and there is no parking available
good . The pool has sea view. The chalet is a portable tower, disturbing the entertainment center, everything has an amount, the chapel closes at dawn, golf cars, hourly rent, the restaurant employee treats it badly.
disappointing. I like something. There is no cleanliness of the furniture. I am very lame, I grew up, and I am allergic to the brushes very old. Wifi is not available in the second section. What is clean, I regret it?
Thanks to the writer for his effort, and the new manifestations in it I see in places that are on the fingers .. I see the age of the reader and its culture that determine the degree of admiration for this book ... In other words, it is for the adolescent and youth category, and even with its orientation to this category, not everything in it is new and amazing as it is described , But many of them can be found in other books .. New manifestations, writers&#39; visions and phrases I liked about these topics: Are our options real? What if the circle disappeared / What if we forget our birthdays / the red pen / and are ignorant of the ignorance of the pre-ignorant people / the new slaves / Question to my father .. Thanks to the author for his advice and visions he expressed in terms that touch the feelings. But in all honesty, I do not see that the book deserves all this fame, and I wish him more success.
disappointing. . The system changed and they did not allow visitors to enter
Bamboo stalked from the novel that aroused my attention as a reader and had a great popularity among the readership, so I decided to read it to enjoy it for the last letter, but unfortunately I did not expect the writer with this bad writing, I did not influence him as a reader and did not move my feelings, his style of writing is monotonous and lacks linguistic love and suspense of events. I will not read it again
A book not worth reading
Very weak. . It prevented us from sitting in the restrooms, not drinking coffee and tea in the restrooms placed next to the rooms, one turnip, and walking the rooms very far away
Average stay and poor hotel I was waiting for more given the name of the hotel but the hotel is poor, the reception is pal and there is nothing like a Mercure you find in the normal in any of the chain branches. The room was a little better after the reception was frustrated but still missing a lot. The Internet was almost useless and the TV could barely be seen. I hold a silver credit card and I can definitely afford to stay elsewhere, breakfast was stupid, fast coffee served in paper cups, French regional directors like me who will not be dazzled.
A boring, fabricated, and hard-fiction novel, which I suffocated from and is not convinced of the development of events in the novel .. I mean, I am not convinced about the hero who has no name .. who appears not to be courageous, personality or even brave going to Afghanistan and works as a photojournalist in all the conditions of war and destruction that were there .. and not I find him a fighter or a case owner until the circumstances lead him to this contrived, bizarre ending ... which does not befit a person like him..I liked the novel The beautiful and distinctive Arabic language that always distinguishes Yusef Zidan..I did not like the story as a whole, it is not convincing at all for me nor the development of events as well Convincing..the thing remains, I do not know why Yusef Zidan insists on inserting this The scandalous provocative sex in his narration is all ... interest and why is he interested in monitoring the details and details of the details ... are these impossible dreams or his suppressed desires that he wants to bring out to people but what we are guilty of we..but I can hardly preserve the technique .. whenever he passes in one of Yusef Zidan&#39;s novels any woman I know that I will close my mind from reading a good number of pages of the novel later on until that woman&#39;s crossing ends in peace: but Yusef Zidan loves to expose people in his novels. Also, there is a strange contradiction, like the contradiction of old Arab films, which is considered kissing and cuddling not a forbidden thing, but they are part of love and whoever does it is honorable and does not blame anything, but in this narration the hero did not even think for a moment that he was a criminal and committed a forbidden act when he established a relationship with Noura. What is this contradiction, O humans? Do you analyze what you want and prohibit what you want ??
I would have wished, instead of the large number of short stories, that you would focus and do two, three short stories with a better focus. You would be more beautiful .... Good luck, God willing
Generally, it is against compiling any articles and publishing them in a book, but it is from a person who is not a writer at all
Not worth returning. The reception treatment was not good upon discovery that it was booked through booking, and the transaction was delayed in the check-in process. When towels are clean
There is nothing new ... the same story with a tongue of Aziz, and although it came with a tongue of Aziz, it did not add anything to the story. If I knew it was the same story, I wouldn&#39;t have bought the book.
Congestion and eating normal
A star for the amount I wasted my reward on. It is forbidden to waste the reward for those who claim to write ...
And be a very bad choice. Do not believe the pictures, because they are false, the reality is very bitter. . Lying to the customer and going to the place, this is a disservice to Bukking Company by providing them through your site. The place is very bad and the smell is very bad. There are no services.
In my opinion, the novel is one of the most famous things, there is no way the plot of style is weak, there is no story originally .. full of errors..and you are not surprised by any need the novel is very bad
My dear we are all thieves. I heard a lot about Ihsan&#39;s creations after the Holy One. But this is the first time I have read it. I will try to write an opinion on this novel. For a start I did not see the movie I lost heard about it. The story was not convincing to me. I lost the knowledge that everyone was thieves, but what&#39;s new. There are too many public and private sector thieves, who sometimes have no reason. For a start: A personality Fahima did not understand well did not pronounce throughout the novel only once and did not say anything mentioning is she deaf? It was a joy before marriage, and after marriage, you look at him with that view, in which she asks him what she wants from me, and which also has been repeated throughout the novel unnecessarily. As for the personality of her father, I did not understand him much when he agreed to marry his daughter to a failed person like Murtaza. All he was wrong with in his view was that it was the illusion of the peasants. Did he not see that it was the failed biography that was not worthy of his daughter? Murtada did not like him nor imagine how Muhammad Abdulaziz had played a role in the movie. He is a really hasty person who does not think he thinks everyone is stupid while he is the big idiot. Abdullah Bahnas liked how he took his right from Murtaza and taught him a lesson that the latter will not forget. Mahrous The only winner in all of this is who knows how to take advantage and exploit things. As for the language, it is good, even if I do not understand how Al-Harami speaks the classical language and the peasant is the eloquence of the people of Cairo and all this. Feel bored and unnecessarily prolonged. The end of the novel was very unexpected, I was not surprised by it. I have another meeting with Ihsan Abdul Quddus. I hope he is more beautiful than this
disappointing. . The internet is very bad
A novel with an endless amount of sadness and depression. Actually, the script of the series is beneficial, I was amazed at how the father did not stop his heart at the end of the novel and directed his clot. I finished it shortly. I love Youssef Emad, even though she did not go deeper into it. Likewise, the father’s personality, even though he caused her torment, was the beginning of the story.
You like the show ... and get shocked by the reality ... Location, room size. Failure to adhere to the reservation, lack of safety with respect to windows, one toilet for the two rooms, no room cleaning service .. You must call to take garbage and clean rooms .. Lack of interest in the customer ..
I felt bored in the middle. It skipped some duplicate lines. I feel that the book needs more arrangement and coordination in its entirety, and the sections that came out are not connected. On the whole, it is good. And the star on the gift, which in the beginning.
A provocative book. Despite the strength of style, the writer chose topics that are unsuitable for being a story rather than a very ordinary and unworthy position. Sexual suggestion without any goal for the story. I liked Tamer Hina..aal&#39;s play
One of its drawbacks is that it overwrites most or all of Al-Aswany&#39;s writings overrated because of the reason that he is considered one of the many opponents of Islam, which will be considered a direct link now, so that he is so happy with him and his writings
For the first time, Ihsan readers ... despite the serious psychological struggle that his honesty suffers ... but he almost finished the narration and the events in her person only ..... this offended me his sensuality and described friendliest that greatly offended me. The supposed was fair to more than that by mentioning Nidal and Abbas’s life, for example, and comparing the two characters as a good thought of the concept of irrigation, awareness ... and a lack of understanding and lack of awareness of the concept. But also honest is just a copy of many girls that are still present in our society ... Unfortunately ... this type is the biggest lesson why freedom is a responsibility .... not unless ... if they understand this, they will be very, very comfortable ... and will not exaggerate Belief in the alleged freedom ... detracted, so the full freedom is in slavery and the belief that there is someone who is greater and stronger than you ...
He is tidy
Substandard hotel. I liked nothing but the proximity to the Prophet’s Mosque and not much. The reception is very poor and the level of the hotel staff is completely unrealistic. The level of hygiene is very low. There is an odor in the rooms and corridors. The positions are not available and are generally negotiated. A bad sign is that the level of hotels is like this.
disappointing. . The room was not clean, there was no refrigerator, and I asked them to clean it and provide the room with a refrigerator, but nothing was done in addition to the inconvenience and voices that could not sleep quietly.
The heaviest part of the novel, especially with the recurrence of events and the length of the conversations that made me feel bored wasted .. I couldn&#39;t sympathize with Dmitry and the absence of Aliusha in the last two sections made me know his value and missed him very much.
I read the novel, and I expected it to be, for example, the previous novels of Isabel, the daughter of luck, but this novel differs greatly from him, because this novel is filled with violence and the stories of murder and rape. They are recipes for gruesome Spanish crimes without bias, and she was amazing about that. This novel is for everyone who loves to know the history of the brutal Spanish conquests on the new continent to read this novel
Very weak. Rooms are good size. Service and no water heater
The book has a different style of displaying the Prophet&#39;s biography. Where the subject is the person of the Holy Prophet, may God bless him and his family. But it did not attract me much to follow
Losing my stay. Nothing. Unfortunately, I did not find what I searched for, compared to the price I paid for the Deluxe Suite. The cleanliness is very bad and the services are unfortunate as if unfortunately in the rooms of the travel stations and the car is not available. Also, the furniture and carpets are worn out, and the floor for the rooms has an unpleasant smell in short. The person lives in a cleaner and more comfortable hotel. I advised God from behind the intent
. The site is far from the campus. Drainage of water in the magazine after washing utensils
Hair is the power to restore life
disappointing. . There is no real beach, the price is overpriced, the services you must ask for yourself
Soon, Ahlam Mostaghanemi was remembered and immortalized while he was in Algeria. I would not have known all this had it not been for her reading her stories, and for this I respect Yami Ahmed&#39;s attempt to record an aspect of the life of the invading community. I did not like the development of events, I did not notice anything new, normal.
By God, one who knows what to start with is important. We can sum up what happened in the three main points. Ahmed Mourad Behri in the story of our master Moses. It is not creatively. This is tainted, which means that the creation of events means that you feel that the world has made it clear. Ok, I received that you want to prove that Pharaoh was not an Egyptian, nor any need for skimming, but I did not speak to Moses. I wish on the first, and we remained silent on that, no, that was not before him, after the wandering, which means I asked for this. Kay .. who is the priest who is supposed to be the pillar of the novel, its events are so terrible and its details are not coherent. The part about Howard Carter, which is almost two pages in the first, that you feel that the income is great, and that in the quarrel in the consulate and movements, and after the writer blows the world on the last page that Howard and the secretary called, they will not tell the world that the Jews are evil without what he says to him or what happened. .. means the writer himself has made an area that he is familiar with the tongue of Moses, but the words of the British ambassador took the position of the somersault and the heart of what is the store in all the meaning of the word. In addition to all of the foregoing, the one with his pleasure says the one to him and the one who has high Ahmed developed a very linguistic level and his sentences were more coherent. Ahmed also worked for Search Good on the historical level, but, frankly, he did not intercede for the novel. And always the whole time while I was reading the novel, I used to forge it by comparing it to Azazel and to be honest, the pairing is not entirely in favor of Ahmed.
Very weak. . Rubbish in the full sense of the word, letter, a letter, you must ask for toothpaste, mouss, razors, etc., etc. They do not give you everything with money, you want snow, five dirhams, you want water with ten dirhams, the bed is like corn, you feel an allergy to it. The room is muffled. The carpet clock is missing. The first magit was equal to the checkout. I went down at the reception with my handbag, sitting for an hour. Wait for someone to take it. There is no first question. She told me to take something from the fridge. The unit is in dirham for one of my Never cr
A cocktail of wine, drugs and sex with a lot of very exaggerated foresight in a novel without thrills and disjointed plot. The only interesting part of the novel is the part in which the hero shows the history of the shirt, as little as a page from the novel. The end is unexpected, but it is not surprising at all, and it is sourced from more than one old Arab and foreign work, in the opinion of my friend Amr Kamal. Professor Ahmad Murad does not know what to do to finish the novel, how it was in a kind of delay, and in the end the greed of the dirty idea in the end. So, he ended the novel because it expanded two pills, so it was quick to hope that it had enacted the novel more than the first. It could have been a sweeter job like this. My evaluation of the novel was that she deserved two stars, but because of the exaggerated hospitality she performed, one star
The worst hotel I&#39;ve ever stayed in. . There is no room service for cleaning, you must inform them of your needs for room cleanliness and send you people who are not specialized, you must dictate what they must do
The worst hotel I have stayed in my life ... bad bad very bad The beginning was from the room .... Although we are a couple but they gave us a room with two beds and we said there is no room with a large bed .... and they offered us to combine the two beds .... not Anyway, we agreed .... After a half hour wait in the room, the internal supervisory worker toured us and started working .... the bed mattress was dirty and had food leftovers .... the cleanliness of the rooms is bad, of course, after we traveled, we decided to spend time at the beach ... there we asked the worker to provide an umbrella and chaise longue ... we met one but we walked and walked .... there is no shortage of taste after that ... and I and Madame stayed on chaise longue and one major catastrophe in the evening ... ... after we had dinner and the next morning we had symptoms of food poisoning my wife and I suffered from colic, and after eating breakfast the stomach ache increased with bouts of frequent diarrhea. I asked the hotel doctor from the receptionist and she told me that the doctor’s fees will be borne by us, so she refused and told her that the poisoning was due to the contaminated dinner. And the doctor came to the room and after the examination he wrote to us an antiseptic for the intestine and he said that it is merely intestinal fatigue ... Of course, he cannot say contamination or food poisoning, otherwise they will break the contract with him along ... The reason governs his response. I went to the manager and asked to cancel dinner from the stay because we cannot have dinner at this hotel again, so he said, even if you canceled the dinner, you will pay for it, of course this is ready .... I mean, it is not enough for the poisoning of their food and the vacation that I have gone through, and the residence that is like asphalt, and I will say that you will live Or you will not be thirsty with a cold, you will pay the money for the evening ..... The end of the tragedy during the departure .... The bag operator put one of our bags in another car .... And if it had not been for her, Madam had taken care of her and we followed the inmate moments before he walked ... ..And when I got excited by the suitcase worker, I responded with success and less taste .... The bottom line is a very bad hotel.
Very weak. . Faaaaaaael Hotel
I do not recommend it. The location is only close to the mega mall. Cleanliness, bed uncomfortable, delay in opening pool, TV not working, hotel must be fully maintained
The stories are sweet and the style as usual is wonderful Ghada, but the problem is that we are tired of these topics that mainly revolve around the Arab woman a girl her father forced her to marry someone who does not love a girl whose father did not allow her to continue her studies With it ... the themes are traditional but the style is nice ..
A murder crime, a traitorous wife, a rich husband, immortal and generous. And the conditions were to be found at the scene of the accident. And officer can understand. And the . Do you know all this, what is missing ...?. Minus an exciting need, the first time the reader hears about it, and it is Vogue. As Bidour is on the rhyme before he writes his poem. For example, the last two pages in the novel and his analysis of Khaled and Hussein&#39;s character. Just adapting Zouk Afia, come on
A shadowy book. Beautiful and quiet blessed favor Obeid ..
A misplaced digression ... Al-Muhaimid comes out from one topic to another without finishing his previous topic, obsessing and writing, and he never edits what he wrote, as he drowns in detail with a provocative degree. I will come back when I finish the novel and see the last one with it. I decided to stop reading it, despite adopting some good issues, but it spoiled his book in detail in detail, in details about sexual adventures, in describing regions, in all details I will not waste my life reading mostly trivial details .. What attracted me to reading the book starting with the cover . I understood the suggestion as the photographer wanted it, but the book talks about everything except about the story of his cousin, and the surface wished a deep discussion on that issue ..
I regret staying at this bad motel. I never liked anything. The worst experiences of staying in hotels in my life I saw in this motel from all sides bad bad to the degree of an orderly interruption of hot water on a daily basis interruption in the phone and the internet in a very boring way the smell of duvets and pillows is very bad daily nuisance and back and night works of repair and hammers against the very high value and their interest Only foreigners
disappointing. . The procession and brushes are worse than what is said to be bad. And the people who opened the apartments formed what washed the rugs and mattresses. Dirty liver fat
The assassination of the president was the beginning of a crisis for the existing regime, which will try to find a way out by all means and all legitimate and unlawful methods. The novel reveals the scenes of power and systems of government in underdeveloped countries. The technical side is modest, but what is counted for Ibrahim Issa is the critique of this account of the ruling regime in that period.
I don&#39;t want to stay there again. . The amount is exaggerated, with a residence permit without wins
Dealed by the hotel management .. Bad rooms. All sounds are heard .. I would never recommend it. Positions only. The employee and manager scandal .. I expect his name is Samir if he is disappointed by the lack of diversity in breakfast and its frequency every time. The rooms and bathrooms are not soundproof. Beyond the limits, the price on the site is approximately in Rial Omani, and they paid us according to what they said about the Rial Tax
disappointing. Cleanliness. Prices and breakfast
Sima Ali Baba .. Where do you go this evening when the movie theater darkened, and the beginning of the movie Sima Ali Baba began to appear on the screen in succession, I was completely confident that I would watch a real movie, presenting a comedy on a high level, and a message worth thinking and studying .. like this Ahmed Makki has returned to us since his debut in H Wasp. When the showroom illuminated and the audience shook their hands, they joined those who left the movie in its last quarter before its end, and I realized that in addition to the headache and burning of blood, I was disappointed in the new Makki movie. The idea of presenting one movie that contains two films is an old idea, and it was previously presented by the crazy genius director Contant Tarantino in the movie Planet of Terror, but the presentation of this idea in Egypt was new and is calculated as a good idea for Ahmed Makki, but the level of the films that were presented is not commensurate with The novelty of the idea presented by Mekki, as if he says: it is enough for you to devote the two films, the first movie Hizlgum in space seems clear from his name, and it is considered an extension of the bloody fist movie in which Mekki presented the character of Hzlgom for the first time, and in the new movie Hizlkum is kidnapped for a new mission that impersonates The character of Chief Ko B Revo, who died in an assassination attempt carried out by the rebels on the planet&#39;s surface. Makki was not satisfied with relying on a repeated plot, but also repeated the same eviations that appeared in the movie The Bloody Fist starting from Hizlqum&#39;s meeting with Moataz Al-Demerdash, the use of the artist Ghassan Matar in the Ivohat, and relying on Hzlqum&#39;s ignorance to generate funny scenes that did not excite viewers in the exhibition hall except Scarcely . The political projection seems very clear in this movie, and perhaps it is the first time for Mekki to be thrown into politics in his works. Hizlkum is in dialogue with Moataz Al-Demerdash. He talks in a comic style about the storming of departments and security directorates within the events of the Egyptian revolution, as well as the general story of the movie that talks about deceiving the people of a planet Revo and conceal the news of the president’s death until the ruling bilateral council can arrange the affairs of rule for one of their men. Things go well until the opposition intervenes, Hizlkum sides to its side and transfers power to the people. The first movie ends and the hall enlightens with a temporary break in which the audience exchanges surprising comments about the low level of the movie and one or two people withdraw from outside the showroom, the hall darkens and the second show begins .. The rooster movie in the room. The film tells about an animal farm dominated by a group of hyenas who steal their bounties and practice bullying, and farm animals are waiting for the appearance of a turkey cock that will save the animals from the oppression of the hyenas. The film deals with the idea of truth and the force that must protect it, and how cooperation and unity in front of the enemy is the best solution to eliminate it, and they are very classic ideas that we have seen in more than a hundred Arab films. Perhaps the most important of them is Shams Al-Zanati by Adel Imam, who some of his scenes appear as though they were cited in a movie My new makki. Funny scenes are almost nonexistent in the second film, and even comic scenes were met with artificial laughs from the audience, most of whom left the theater before the end of the film&#39;s events. Mekki is credited with the distinguished decorations and special effects that I want to simulate the Planetary War movie in the first movie. She managed to approximate the atmosphere of the animal farm in the second film. Also, it is calculated for those in charge of the film the sound effects of animals and the impressive cinematic trick that represented Ahmed Makki&#39;s leap at the end of the movie. Which impressed viewers, despite their indignation at the film level. On my way out of the movie, I encountered a group of young people on their way to the next party .. I told them: I advise you, Balash, especially on Baba, a waste of time and money. I think from an intelligent artist the size of Ahmed Makki, to go out to a crowd and say: I apologize .. and my credit is enough
Residents must be respected. The sea pool location. Cleanliness .
It was said that the theater is the father of the arts, and I completely agree when the theater is a hall that includes a group of chairs included, a wide curtain and people leading to deliver a message. As for reading the play printed, I do not find in this a pleasure other than the imagination that you must bring with you in every scene you read. Soft hands is a realistic social play. The title of the play deserves another star from me, as Tawfiq Hakim indicated in the last chapters of the play that those who hold soft hands are those who are not directly dependent to use their hands for production and earning a livelihood, which means using the mind as the grammar doctor Hammouda was one of the characters in The play.
Weak. . The service is very, very slow in everything and the hygiene is not at the required level
Bad accommodation and not worthy of Dubai&#39;s position. I never liked anything except the air conditioning or the hotel, so it is not appropriate for Dubai or the name of Holiday Inn. It is an old hotel and the staff do not have the speed and courtesy to deal with in addition to the many high taxes that are not included in the price
Two days near the sanctuary. Close to the campus. The service is bad, the price of the room is exaggerated in exchange for the service and the interest in the customer. The neighboring hotels are better in the service, the attention and the breakfast.
The book is directed to a very, very special category. Denied that I benefited from it with some information, and I deny that I am from the segment that this book is not intended for. But my personal view is that this book is really useful for the targeted group:
The hotel is very expensive and its services are low and also overrated. The pool and sauna only. Taxes
Below average. Reception only, central adjustment. Bed room cleanliness
Much of Wassini’s lame style in this novel, and despite being obsessed with the previous lame Boasini and the eternal admirer of the smooth flowing style, but this novel did not touch those wonderful limits .. I have a strange feeling that the hero of this novel is himself the hero of the fingers of Lolita and I have returned From death with a more tormented and miserable masculine version, the heroine is a typical version of the protagonists of the novels, the impossible female that you will not find in your daily life, attractive, charming, dancer, a philosopher that can talk to you in everything, and immersed in the journey of searching for self .. No I deny that something has drawn me to complete this novel until the end, and I cannot deny The writer&#39;s ingenuity in depicting the hero’s deep sense of guilt and his adherence to his pain as part of his individual identity .. But my greatest objection here is the state of dullness experienced by a man as the protagonist, contented with looking at the world from the floor and nothing more, I did not find him seeking to change something in his life or to develop himself and As if he had satisfied himself with the little he possessed, he gathered his pain, memories and the smell of his dead mother and lay in the corner of the floor waiting for the end, his end will not be death, but it drowned in the lackluster lack of dipping his soul in it.
Mother Maxim Gorky embodies the revolutionary story of Mother Pelagia Nilovna, a story full of sadness, work and Russian life in the early twentieth century. The mother was striking from her husband in a degrading degree and when he died, her son worked to spread socialist culture instead of the czar system .. In the novel the mother suffers so that she knows that her son will take this difficult path, the novel is not exciting and if you read the first page you will know the rest, and it is clear that The writer wants to write his socialist dream, which was unsuccessful, as he changed some of the monotonous phrases, as I expected more than one writer who was said a lot
Weak. . Everything is ruined and dirty
I read a third and did not complete it. My bitterness could not bear his ego more than that
Book on trips d. Mustafa in Germany, France, Britain, Lebanon and Libya. The same situation that dr. Mustafa commented on him when this is the case now in this country. There is little development in the same direction, regardless of Libya, of course. Lebanon is still very expensive. Germany still thinks this way, and rewards itself in the same way. It is France, with its bare philosophy. And we still had his clothes, as we saw our heavy disappointment, with some changes for the worse: /
I was attracted by the idea of the novel when I read the summary, but unfortunately, the novel was not of the required standard, very poor and superficial.
Needs development. Laundry next to the hotel and parking. There are no amenities even to make a cup of tea in the rooms and the bathroom is cramped
What is this book? . literature? I do not see any literature. Thoughts? There is no idea. Messages? My qualification was the first I followed her to her husband personally .. They are all positions or general feelings. The reader does not devote anything to what I addressed in a new way. Vicky streak and you are upset? O Haram, in response. There is no distinctive style. The ideas were covered very superficially. The opening of the chapters came with poor titles, I mean, they were written in regular titles, and they would have been better. The book has no value neither intellectually nor literally, nor even felt something special about it. Unfortunately, it is not a book. It is a memoir on personal messages that lacks depth, thought and passion
Peace be upon you .. This evening, I visited the Anatolia Restaurant, Olaya Branch, the Family Section, before I came to the restaurant, I made a call to reserve a table for eight people and was surprised after I came to them on the specified date of not registering the reservation .. I had to wait for a third hour. Quick notes: The restaurant&#39;s decor and cleanliness are very excellent. The restaurant was full of people .. Hence it was very annoying that the person did not rest. The table was not comfortable but very narrow .. It is not wide enough to take the dishes The reception was good .. The waiters&#39; service was average We now come to the dishes .. Appetizers: Hummus: Very good and no shapes of Cicek or so his name as I think: Rob with yogurt is good. Main dishes: Iskander Kebab: very delicious .. and the best thing was they had. Pennerly with his hand: Bread with cheese .. OK. Lahmajoun: It is similar to bridal but its flavor is distinct and delicious. Tawook Doner: Good and Shawarma Chicken Crunchy Papion Kebab: Its taste was very bad and it has a strange flavor. Tawook Papion: Medium Delicious Festive Kebab: Delicious Kebab..and Iskander the Kebab were the most delicious. Sandwiches: Adana Kebab Durum: dried and tastefully medium. Tawook Dorm: Better than Adana Kebab. Drinks: juice is available only orange juice and it was finished. So we had to take soft drinks instead. Quite frankly, the restaurant is, I think, worth a one-time experience .. If you prepare it, you will be in the personnel section with a choice of special dishes.
The least novel I have read so far. A consuming story. Poor writing style. Were it not for less than one star, I would have rated it negatively. The story of the biggest place has a bedtime story. The whole novel talks in two words. I do not think that the writer Mahmoud Bakri has seen a cam post on Facebook, collected them, made a story from them, and wrote it in a novel
disappointing. . Apartment furnished in the name of a hotel
The writer tries to make a failed foreign horror film ... and he fails to do it too. My rating is only one star for the cover.
We hope those in charge of the hotel work to correct mistakes. . Parking is not available. Entry date to receive the room is very late, if not for one of the officials to facilitate the reception of the room. The lifts are very poor.
It is a hundred tales of death stories, a hundred hymns of his hymns, including Mohamed Zidan his book, which he called hymns and inscriptions .. Perhaps the purpose of these stories was the sermon, the remembrance of death, and the warning from the negligence .. All these stories came with the paradoxes of death. How to be distracted from him, and if he stares at you. How to be unexpected to come if he is present before you. Although death always carries its own sharp and ironic paradoxes, it also still comes natural in many cases, enjoying the previous precedents and reported to him like illness, for example, and he comes and is expected or as expected .. for this I have seen in these stories some of the cost. He does not always tolerate death. . .
I have never read a book in a worse style than this book. There is no correlation between the chapters or even the timeline that is required for any resume. The book is a glossary in a disciplined manner. I could not complete this book
I disagree with the author on many things. I tried to be as neutral as possible as long as I could read. From different points of view, the way societies value is considered as all ignorant societies, including Japan and Europe. And the Islamic countries are considered civilized at the same time, we do not see that the youth of the Islamic state work, because I disagree with him regarding this classification. The classification should be based on the scientific and intellectual development provided by these societies to humanity in all ways. For the second difference, I found in the book a takfiri style, and the method of liberation is jihad, while I think the way now is to establish arguments and proofs. And I agree with the writer with one thing, that an intellectual generation capable of managing the affairs of the country and the affairs of people must be prepared
disappointing. Signed. Unpleasant smell, lack of hygiene, alarm bells along dirty towels, bad bathrooms, substandard hotel, bad bad
The small book becomes heavy weight from turning its pages, the letters, words and philosophical expressions that make you stand and try to explain and understand them and your mind works to convince them or refute them many, but I am nevertheless tired of the spirit of Al-Arqash that complicates more and more when approaching the end at the beginning of the pages I sympathized with Al-Arqash and loved his speech But in the end, I got tired of his thoughts and imaginations, and my mind was not surprised enough. The important thing here is that I embraced for the first time the writings of Michael Naima and I do not know if I read a book for him in the future that I complete or take it behind me back? Let&#39;s see and wait.
After reading and analyzing from my point of view and getting to know the opinions of some of the protesters, whether it is convinced or not, and comparing it to the constitution of Turkey in some of its parts. Non-existent articles related to a deputy, a child,,,, and. All this is intended to turn Egypt into another Afghanistan ... well-intentioned, and this means that the constituent are a few idiots who do not understand what they are writing to write a constitution that allows any child to become a dictator without violating the constitution as was the case.
A big difference between boldness and insolence .. Proof of honey is not a bold novel, but rather a pornographic first-class novel. The truest of what it says is a phrase in the introduction that says: There are those who invoke spirits, I invoke the bodies .. I do not know my soul nor the souls of others. I know my body and their bodies .. this is enough for me. . The writer was able, through a hundred and fifty pages, to prove to the reader that she is truly soulless. It is just a body, a body that finds its only enjoyment in sex, specifically forbidden sex. She believes that the most enjoyable marriage .. disclose it. Proof of Honey is a novel that is not worth reading, not worth publishing at all.
Your bad dealing. I did not like anything. I booked by your site and chose a double room as a queue and I chose two triple rooms the total is people with breakfast and when I arrived at the hotel I held out it was breakfast for three people even though I am a checkpoint for eight people and was contacted on bookings and the employee informed me that there is an error but I could not help you because you are a checkpoint rooms are not recoverable To be honest, I stood up to your site and had to pay the breakfast amount out of my own account
disappointing. . The price is overrated and the hotel consumed at checkout time is too bad
Approach this with caution in relation to the positives. In the Al Bada project, huge villas, a friendly staff, and lots of green spaces for children to run in, but watch out for the risk of slippery paving by the pool and Arab food was delicious. Unfortunately, there were more negatives that outweighed the positives. The Pada is said to have opened in July but it appears it needs to be fully restored now. This resort claims to be a luxury hotel but it really needs improvement to reach this level. If you look at the blind below the surface, you discover an unprofessional arrangement, where the rooms are designed and inexpensively decorated, and the orchards need care. A gardener must be employed. The villa decoration was low and the sockets were not tightly attached. Water leakage from the bathroom tub overflowed the floor. There is a lack of attention to detail in the bada and this severely affects it. If management is unable to notice the simple things that need improvement, they should consider undertaking another profession. Among the other negatives: talking to the staff was difficult if not spoken in Arabic, and we used to smell the fertilizer smell every evening, and the breakfasts were relatively poor Nescafe and hot dog? The description on the menu did not fit, and the pool area was dirty, the cigarette goal everywhere. This project may suffer from poor planning when it fled to build a desert resort directly beside large and ugly towers for electric wires. If the owner of the Bada project wanted to preserve it, he should seek the help of a professional contractor such as Rotana or Helton, but it is likely that both of them will avoid this task unless the project owner spends a huge amount of money in its restoration.
I couldn’t know you are a year, but your sensitivity is greater than that. This is the first thing that I need to read to you is interesting at first, but events revolve around one personality. It is not realistic and there are events that are not related. The end is not good, once she got up. Style is nice, and if you write other ideas in a better way, it will be very good. God be with you =
The novel is interesting and I enjoyed reading it and admired the character of Joana, her bravery, kindness, and simplicity, and taking responsibility for her family, despite her young age, before reading the novel.
In fact, what I liked most about this book are the words of Gandhi, which the writer quotes from the book of the story of my experiences with the truth. In purity and adherence to principles and I am very surprised when I know that a country like India had a man like Gandhi and did not progress despite his followers they were very many in his time and until now his pictures are printed on money. . However, I hope that every Muslim and every person who lives in this world will read any book that falls under his hand that talks about Gandhi or the story of his life or principles and learns from it. . I know that they are pink dreams, and I think I took a lot of them in them, but this is all affected by Gandhi and his wonderful words are nothing more. As for the thoughts of Ahmed Al-Shugairi, which followed every phrase of Gandhi’s words, they are sincere, and this is about the first part of the book. As for the second part of it, as for Ahmed Al-Shugairi On his trip to India to the city of Pune in a resort there to meditate, I liked the idea very much, as I liked it also conveyed it to it to benefit others, but I criticized it a lot. Its value increases in the eyes of the reader, otherwise F A much different from the program offered by the television, and frankly I held the book according to the written language on their style and in the transfer of events to the reader and the extent of its impact on the self but a good book and a different idea.
A novel that tells a platonic love story of black and white color, I do not see the point of my novel from writing a love story like this without going into details of what I get, the details give colors to the story and make the reader live with his mind and feelings, this story is free from details and from the happy ending
Disappointing. It is considered the closest hotel to the campus. The room is very small, originally it is for two beds only, four beds were broken into the room, the breakfast is never good to never equal the value paid, the room does not contain Black Out
Weak. Location. The furniture is not clean and insects enter the chalet
A very boring novel, free of suspense and creativity, in which I did not find anything useful .. I finished it reluctantly
I don&#39;t like writing follies ... originally I don&#39;t know. But this book surprised me. So I decided to write two words, and God is the helper. I will not accept my hatred for all political and religious parties. As for the political parties that use religion to their advantage, the hashish of peoples. Contrary to the mystery of the temple ... the book is full of hatred and hatred, my vengeance is purely ... very provocative ... and exaggeration of information if it was true information that I had not convincing. Because you are against the Brotherhood. Because I deny the Brotherhood ... are ready to receive and accept any information that supports hatred, regardless of its authenticity, and I think that the time is very appropriate. The idea of demolishing sacred human statues is a very wonderful idea if the demolition was general ... What is meant is that we do not destroy a statue before we are an alternative security. And in Syria and Egypt is a good example. It remains to say that the edition that I read is full of direct errors, and it is for a publisher other than Al-Nahda. And so on
Very weak. I didn&#39;t like anything just relatively close to the sanctuary. I didn&#39;t like anything just relatively close to the sanctuary
I was not happy to stay at the hotel. The bed is comfortable. Room service and preparation despite one room reservation, on the basis that it is for two people
And here is my second time with metaphysics ... I love the narration of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq .. In addition to the fact that his style is nice in the selection of his description and his irony .. Put besides that the call was not metaphysics but an elaborate hoax realism is good ... a summary of many raised Ismail deserves I really like ..
I was somewhat disappointed by this novel after the writer&#39;s wonderful perfume. But it still has the same distinct style of telling small details in a unique sequence. The pigeon may be able to drop it like the extraneous things in our lives, the extent of our fear of it, our bitter attempt to confront it. The novel has another dimension, of course, far from the limits of the regular novel, and it may have projections on our real life. A novel is light, simple, and a little cynical.
Weak. The site is new and close to services. A suite was booked and upon reception we were given a room instead of a reception from the water. The reception is constantly cut off
Professor Sherine. You need to read a little more. Dramatic plot and suspense justified
Bad . nothing. everything
I was very attracted in the first to the limit of Ziad’s travel .. After that I was filled with stuffing and soooooooooooo
A group of articles did not satisfy me with the size of the hype about Mostafa Mahmoud, when fame and slander are against an author who expects readers more than he can.
disappointing. There is no. everything
Unhappy night. I did not like anything. The reception services are not available even at tea level
Just two stars for the extraordinary and wonderful presentation of the idea of lightness and gravity ...
I read the writer Hepta and she was working. But after I read de, I understood the topic. It is clear that Muhammed Sadiq has psychological problems, and I see that humans do not differ much from animals. The amount of offensive words exceeds half of the novel, a loss of twenty pounds
She did not live up to my aspirations The way I wrote resembled the writings of William Faulkner, but she was not the same master and she did not overlook me as a reader in depth.
Writing style befitting a seventeen-year-old student is not a diary of a student in exile but rather a more personal view of some of the events. It could have contained more events with a better view. A book not worth the trouble to read
The story is ordinary with more than ordinary heroes. Little children Talal and Hala when compared to Khaled and Hayat. I wish their story was just a background to tell what was happening in Algeria. And I did not like that the place of the heroes ’adventures is Europe and France in particular, to buy her hero more freedom, which gave the story a character that is smaller than her hero .. As if there is no place for love except in the country that occupied Algeria, Syria and Lebanon from which our falsehood came from. Granting them the care of lovers is a form of colonialism in my opinion .. The book is not without some phrases that stop you and many literary and musical references.
First, as far as the title is concerned, even if it is not appropriate for Salah al-Din to be the Ayyubid, but it would have been better for him to be the lady of the king and the baptism of religion .. The novel began to aspire to find something of the hadith on Salah al-Din and Bayt al-Maqdis, but I found another completely recent such as what it is used to Zirji Zidan is one of the stories of love and wandering ... Zirji Zidan&#39;s stories are almost the same style and do not differ much from each other except in changing names and changing personalities, places and times ..
Pursuant to Akkad’s advice, that when you get bored of a book that you don’t complete, I don’t complete it. Bored him.
Unacceptable . Location. Reception, hygiene, inconvenience, neighboring rooms, restaurant, toiletries are not available
The memo is beautiful, I wrote it in a simple and beautiful literary style despite the oppression of the black outlook and creating it out of its imagination for a conflict that does not exist or does not deserve all these years of resistance. She recounts her suffering with her mother, starting with the preference of her brother over her, and then society, with the preference of a man over her as a female, which made her hate herself and being female and rebelled against her reality by choosing to study medicine to prove that she is as strong as a man. I liked some of what I wrote because it went through the reality of a man&#39;s preference over the female, marginalizing her and making her ultimate goal in life kitchen, cooking, and marriage ,,. Likewise, she is not submitting to the principle of marriage, which abolishes the authoritarian woman and husband entity. And the strength of her determination and study until she reached what she reached. I did not like some of its words in transgressing the divine self. He also described it for information as the God that I believed in and embraced ... etc. And he hated the nature that God created and repressed,. And her journey in the search for the right man, as you think this bold. She pitied her a lot, and she was glad that in the end she arrived when she aspired to claim her so that the rest of her life could be lived in peace. And if my wonder does not expire, that in the end it was the man I leaned on with every weakness. Although she hated him and spent years to excel and prove that she is stronger or at least equal to him. And if it appears that she was the type you were looking for and prefer. Finally: Through my reading between the lines, as if I touched some exaggeration, and if the society was so, whatever happened from their reverence to the males and their preference for them ... etc. All of this does not make her abhor her femininity and her instinct and wage a war known in advance to prove that she is equal to him or that she is the best. Because God created every human being and made him a male or female for wisdom and to fight against creation, suppression and rebellion against it can only help the loss of age and sorrows ,, unity, and misery ... because there is no victory over instinct and the command of God. And if the society is unjust or ... etc, then the solution is to sensitize it and gradually improve it. It is not in fighting individual battles that are of no use and life goes to waste. My first reading of Nawal and perhaps the last if the rest of her writings contain the same intellectual nature
The best title for the book is. Arabic literature is a Japanese viewpoint. Somewhat excited with the first seasons. But I was bored talking about the book
I don&#39;t like it, I didn&#39;t complete it
This is a second time in my life, I would like to write a book in its first text. The book was the secret. The problem is for you to imagine that I hear about this novel from my childhood and about the noise that I made, and I read it myself from time and time. Ordinary things. Now I read what is stronger than them, I mean, I do not want the writer to be unfair compared to another time. Actually, his style is very prolonged, he sensed me with outrageous boredom that made me give up reading it. I hope I finish it one day and reevaluate her hour.
Does not live up to his name. Close to the place, but crossed a street forbidden. If you hear the name of Meridian, you live without writing, this hotel does not reach half of Meridian in other places, only individual stars.
This is the first time I&#39;ve been reading to Darwish. I have never been impressed with his hair and it has not caught my attention. At least I expected to find something interesting in the poem, but I did not understand what it was talking about or what exactly it symbolized. And that&#39;s just what I liked. Come back, death alone, unscathed. I am free here, not here. Or not there. Return to your exile. Alone. Return to your hunting gear. And waited for me at the door of the sea. Prepare for me. A red wine to celebrate my return to a clinic. Sick ground. Do not be rough. The heart will not come to make fun of you, or. I walk on the lake water in the north. Spirit
The book lacks coherence; the book is more like short stories or opaque articles
A novel to say the least that it is ridiculous, and what, Mohamed Sadeq, has died from death and suicide, as if it was an easy need, that any person who commits suicide at any time and easily, even the reasons for its writer, have no meaning at all. In my opinion, Muhammad Sadiq in the next book, if there is no strong need, will benefit a large part of his readers, and I am one of them.
When you make sure that everything has an end and that your mind will not be able to absorb what is going on around you no matter how you try and it may be that you realize the grace of God on you that he has made your knowledge limits, but a person always destroys himself with curiosity and excessive love of knowledge and not accepting the limits of his knowledge and his aspiration to control and domination, which makes him reach a huge degree of Progress and knowledge are enough to destroy it, and at this point its end and whatever it is of science will not realize its purpose because what God has is greater and thus man becomes perished by himself.
Standard hotel, good location with some cockroaches stayed here for nine nights in march. The location is good, and the distance is short to the Sanctuary with only one street crossing. The hotel itself is difficult for taxi drivers to find first, its name is similar to the name of another nearby hotel, and secondly, the entrance is hidden and cannot be seen easily. The lack of staff at the entrance makes you wonder if you have come to the right place, as you have to climb to the first floor before seeing anyone. The rooms were nice and large, but the brushes were used up and there were stains on the carpets. I give it a star rating based on British standards. The bathroom was large but mold was everywhere, and the shower caused the water to flood on the floor easily due to the lack of appropriate barriers. The cockroaches in the bathroom were an interesting surprise and those concerned with hygiene were comfortable and sprayed their magic medicine, which did nothing at all. The cleaning lady on the floor where we stayed was overrated, hugging children and intruding women in the rooms in the hope of getting more tips. Very strange. Will I stay there again? No.
I would have liked to read a different end to the immortal love story that has always been shattered by the rocks of social norms and traditions imposed on us by sterile ignorant societies that we have lived from the eleventh pharaonic family to the thirteenth pharaonic family after two thousand years. With the same beginnings and ends with the revolutionary condition in which its society lives and it is assumed that it has changed many of its concepts of life and turned its axiom upside down .. And comes to us a creative creative end that imposes on itself a new reality even if it is fictional but it may turn one day into reality
disappointing. . Draining of the water in the toilets, in addition to the presence of an unpleasant smell from the toilets
I was expecting it to be better than this narration method. I felt that it was not arranged. I was enjoying hours, but I liked the idea of the story by touching a part of reality. Good luck:
The price of the hotel is much higher than the standard. ???????. ???????
The ceiling of our expectations should not be high because in the end it will fall on us .. And because the writer is active on social media, the novel has taken on a size greater than its size. You think that you will read a Palestinian novel that brings you with all the alleys, streets and dialogues, but you are shocked and sometimes you feel bored and ridiculous. There is a big gap in the novel
Bad staff and worse management. Location and furniture only. Services are slow and bad, bad management
Her hair style is pure in writing. The narration is full of narrative and boring detail of events. And a large part of it talks about war and Algeria. After completing it, I started to feel hesitant to complete the triple
A family hotel forbidding entry to visitors. I did not like anything. I did not complete my stay not to receive friends
Eh this is an Egyptian movie, or Eh = =. The first time I read Naguib Mahfouz and, God willing, the last time. The ideas of the novel that did not deserve to be called a narrator were ideas that are very silly, ridiculous and superficial. They only care about the sexual aspect in life in which you feel that the values and principles are not something that exists among human beings as if this entire universe revolves without a creator or God. I don’t know what could benefit me from a book like this
The end is fantastic. Generally I love open endings. From the first time I knew the story of Ashjan and Taha, I expected that the end will not be clear. But at the same time, you can not expect this. Ahmed Salem and Nagham. What is their relationship with all that happens ??? The novel enjoyed it to some extent. Unfortunately, you are not familiar with anything new. You did not find anything from it. After her medal was a star, Hackle star also, and I apologize for this:
Weak. I did not like anything about it, and I do not recommend housing in it, based on experience and experience. I advise everyone to live in the Hilton or Zamzam Pullman, whose relative is close to him. I do not recommend launching the reception. Very bad. The services are bad. I asked for an electric shop in the morning and did not come until the afternoon. I asked the ironing machine. Bring the device to me late with a poor table.
I did not complete it .. After I got to the middle of it with some lines and pages exceeded .. But I am not sorry for that ... I am very sorry and angry because a very important topic like the subject of the book should have been mocked by a pen that is much superior to the pen of this writer with my respect for his person .. The book&#39;s popularity and people &#39;s appetite for it was because of its topic about that marginalized group, but it did not serve their cause but rather offended it ... From the first pages, it provoked me of his very weak style, his spelling mistakes, frequent repetition and wonder at himself, and his way of telling his story was It is better. That the story be a novel in the form of the chapters, not in separate articles, and by mentioning the names of the characters, even if the names were borrowed instead of the sheikh, the woman, and others .. In my opinion, I had to pass on the details of his life in the house and the lives of his colleagues .. and this is more than something I was looking for, but Unfortunately I chose the wrong book ... As for the events that some here have accused of fabricating some of them, neither I nor any other person has the right to deny it without evidence just because my horizon is narrow and it is not possible to believe that such things happen ... In the end it does not interest me all Those events, the book itself is no longer important to me and it is this way ... As long as the publications of a house are not worthy of the acquisition of their books, which house is Mermo Its definitely publish a book for the novice writer will not be accepted. Without at least concerned with checking and editing the text ... I only hope that the books that are hype, as happened with this book, will be worthy ..
A different model to list the personal experiences and memos that we usually read to those involved in politics and those who were acquainted with dangerous things and events and eagerly awaiting them to reveal to us the scenes and corridors of serious decision-making. He deduced from it and built upon it the following position of the Brotherhood and was a reason for it to be departed from it .. My sense and evaluation of the book is the authoritarian and psychological aspect of the writer being overwhelmed by the facts and events he mentioned, in spite of the size of the book, you only find a few situations and events mentioned by Elka Repent, and if I was expected to mention more situations and events than this, he originally relied on two or three positions during the Muslim Brotherhood issue in general and the speech he viewed and revealed to him the truth of the negotiations between the group and the American administration and one or two positions between him and the High Councilor and Hajj Mustafa Mashhour .. It is strange that he did not He mentions, for example, the cause of the Brotherhood’s cause in general, and his position on it and his position on the Al-Wasat Party, which caused the crisis almost at the time. Professor Tharwat relied on his dialogue with his old teacher Abu Ghali to present a beautiful picture and real critical thinking to the Muslim Brotherhood and Islamic groups in general, but I think that the book should have been owned by him, meaning Professor Tharwat presents his thought and his opinion is even if he agreed with the opinion and thought of his teacher, so in the end He said that his teacher wrote down all his ideas and would publish them in a book. In the opinion of the book, he was in need of more than that and focused more on the rise of the Qutbist movement to control the Brotherhood, especially because according to his words he embraces a takfiri ide of one thing and one of its elements is the president of the republic
bad . nothing. Everything, especially lying, on the spot and misleading the map
When Khairy Shalaby is radicalized in the importance of the description and works out a complete novel describing it, I don&#39;t want more than the description, I will not complete pages of it from boredom
Balcony .. a bird. Balcony .. bird and falcon. Children want to buy a dog that barks. I don’t know, I struggled, so I might have a clear idea to write about or evaluate, but in vain I try. Excuse me . Messing .. messing .. then so messing around. Perhaps the problem I have is that the idea did not reach me as it should be ...... only one star for the name of the writer who shines in the sky of literature ..
. . Failure to respect the conditions of the reservation and trying to change it to pay more money
In the first book of the history of Western philosophy on ancient philosophy, Russell stated that he would chronicle the political and social conditions surrounding the environment of philosophy or the philosopher to be talked about .. This is a great effort, especially since philosophy is always affected by the factors surrounding it. It becomes more like an intellectual reaction to the actions of other ideas. But I see that Russell in this book has gone too far in history. You even feel like you&#39;re reading a book on the history of Western Europe in the Middle Ages. With slight additions to Christian theology and its flags. This may have caused the weakness and scarcity of real philosophy in this period and its reliance on a metaphysical basis. In comparison to the political events, wars and conflicts that culminated in this period. All this in addition to the fact that I was ignorant of the history of this period in the first place. I became making an effort to keep names, people and dates. Which Russell goes through very quickly before trying to save. The benefit was lost .... but I cannot say that I did not enjoy reading a reporter. Perhaps the book is an outgrowth that I will only benefit from now when applying the principle of accumulations. So for those with good suggestions in the history of the Roman Empire. Europe in the Middle Ages, gentlemen, friends to inform us:. Thank you .... done
She is an ordinary woman who dreams of being an extraordinary woman, but she did not resist or even seek to break free from her restrictions ... The biggest proof that she is ordinary is her attachment to any man who corresponds with or discusses it ... The book only expresses the conflict experienced by the eastern girl through the ideas of personality No Her actions ..
Residence was not successful. The location of the hotel is close to the airport. Bed dirt, bad smell, dirty air-condition, and inconvenience in the lobby and vendors collect air in the lobby
Too bad too. The apartment area is spacious, clean and with good air conditioning. An enemy, having comfortable services, and getting food effortlessly after several contacts in restaurants, lack of transportation and taxis, and lack of cooperation from the crew in providing them and written in the hotel portal are four stars, but I find that they do not deserve even one star because there are no comfortable services until the pots are all missing and we alternated in a cup of tea My family and I did not have cups in the apartment. I never liked the hotel, and I regretted choosing it. It was the worst hotel I had stayed in despite being four stars, but there is no credibility, despite the price, which is expensive and exaggerated.
disappointing. . There are no positions
disappointing. nothing. The employees dealt with the time of the inmate&#39;s departure, as if he had not been available for half an hour to prepare the bed and if you were late, a full day will be counted on you.
Outsiders = The failed version of the box&#39;s opening
As usual, Ahlam Mostaghanemi is one of the most amazing writers of all time, and her style attracts me strongly ... even if I am not targeted by this narration, but it expanded my perceptions beyond what I was looking for. The story is not without monotony and exaggeration in some of its parts. Not the best dreams I wrote and not bad at all ..
An orphan star for literary style and linguistic mastery of the author, who is unmistakable. I did not regret anything, as I was so eager to read the novel and enjoy my literary portraits line by line .. I rushed to it a lot because I heard about it and the beauty of the quotes that I took from ... About the love of a married woman ... such a fragile basis was enough for me to depart from her ..; Improved progress that the treatment of the story knot will be in the emotional domain only, my heart was constricted again by words that were about something that contradicts morals and religion. . Yes, the scenes of moral decline in it were not many ... but I could not complete more than half of them ... Unfortunately, the literary ability did not succeed this time to urge it to be completed as it did in the novel The Female Spider of Olaf Qamash ...
Suitable for children. Idea of pool and games. The beds are moving, their covers are not clean and not good, the furniture is worn out, the flies annoy us, the washing machine is worn out, and the kitchen fridge is bad
A novel that monitors the Arab reality and its position on women and forcing them to bear the stigma of shame throughout her life because of her being a female social and humanitarian novel that rejects restrictions and opens spaces for women to creativity and life in a humane like men
Very weak. Luxury hotel, but failed, annoying and tired management. I called an hour before arriving and told them that I would arrive, please do not delay, such as every time on the reception and asked to prepare papers to sign and receive the room as I am on the Internet .. I was surprised that I had to wait an hour ... they did not send the cart to transport things from the park by car to the room so I had to transport things myself In two batches from the underground park to the tenth floor, and it was up to seven bags and heavy weight .. They said we give you a package of 1 dirham, net, snacks and breakfast, and we did not make any final use of the snacks between meals because they did not explain his time and I thought they would answer him in the room .. Disturbing machines Ascension is above my room as I was in the room on the tenth floor Evil for an hour annoyed with inconvenience, with all the elevators moving up and down the machines work over our room, so we cannot sleep except with difficulty ... not answering the phone either from the reception or the restaurant where he called dozens of times until they answered I brought some items by car from the market and asked for a cart to take them from The car for the room was delayed for about half an hour and the last thing came, apologizing after a long delay..tired and frankly expressly messing around messing up with requests for food where we ask for lunch for the room or dinner for the room then different requests are brought other than what we ask and when we tell them that this is a mistake a new order is made to correct The order ... frankly tired The last day I woke up on a photo Cracking and maintenance on the roof directly on my room, and the sounds of iron and grinding on our roof. I called the receptionists, so they did not reply, so I went out of the room and asked the workers, and I told them we slept in the room, then I came back and called Boking.com, who contacted the hotel, but they denied any maintenance and when They used to call me the poking. I called the receptionists and asked to go to the room. When the call was going on and I got out of the reception and heard the cracking, they said, we stopped the maintenance now, and the boking employee heard them. Inconvenience, frankly, I stayed several times in the hotel, and it was a trap Bs in which administration failed tired and in terms of guest comfort and customer and I told them the last time these are revealed where you have ...
disappointing. . There is no coordination between the hotel departments because I requested special equipment and did not get anything
Were it not for me that I was a gift I could not read the truth, it is possible to blame me, because I do not like police novels, blood, murder, and so on, because in my nature I did not read any book by imagining it and certainly imagining the crime of killing a thing. Many words are very realistic, narrated in a sweet way, the story is tricky, and the integration is sweet, I think the defect is in me.
nothing . nothing. everything
Loving evaluation. We used to fast and did not taste your breakfast and the furniture is very good. Draining the bathroom and neglecting the customer’s requests, as I requested to increase a chair for the dining table that was in the room because we were two people and there was only one chair and I requested it from the first day of the stay and I did not get it until I left
A boring novel, all I grabbed so that I could read it in it, finally it was concluded by today. I will not be able to judge the style of the writer because it is the first time I have read it frankly. I need to read it more, so I can get to know his style
Failed experiment . nothing. Almost everything
My impression about the Liberty Suites Hotel is a very family hotel but it lacks services, especially the restaurant, as the internet is slow and the location is not at the required level
The utmost vanity
I felt a lot of fear and dread when reading the Jabalawi part ..... It could be summarized a lot ... After finishing reading the Jabbalawi part and Jabal I felt a lot of boredom due to repetition ... Repeating the same events with different names and endings for each character ....
Normal . Close to the sanctuary. The crew is bad and there are no parking spaces available, Morocco says the room is not ready and breakfast is very normal
In some stories, there was no need for frankness, and in stories I wrote well. Tik Tok. Winter night is the most interesting story. Hayam&#39;s story. An important person, Milhomesh, is needed in the book, and I believe in future editions, he must be quit
The worst novel of her village in my life ... Her sensibility is trivial, and there is no storytelling .. It has many events that have no relationship with each other .. and its end is the worst of it .. I regret that I lost time ... because the narratives in my opinion are types:. A fun and useful novel: Zanatouriya, The Granada Trio, Azazel. And a fun novel, but: you are a costume for me and a hundred years of isolation. And a tedious and trivial narration: It is the accounts that you read and do not use as much of this, but its events are monotonous and overwhelming, stuffing is required .. And in my opinion, this novel falls under this classification ... Frankly, I asked myself like every time I benefited from any of his villages? . Is Algeria full of terrorists and persecuting her family ?? It is possible for this letter to be received by the author, but it was possible to communicate her message in a better way ... Are those who benefited from the fact that I am supposed to trust anyone so easily that I live with him in an apartment without marriage out of love? There is no stir in it, no conflict, no dramatic plot ... and I see that the reactions to it are very exaggerated. With respect to everyone&#39;s opinion. As for the method, it is sweet and not dusted, even though its fun in the memory of the body was much sweeter.
This is the first bad novel that pleases me. My tragedy with bad accounts is that she wastes my time twice, once to read it and once to write about it, something that I find motivated. The bad beauty of this novel is that it revealed to me its utter failure from the first page. Unspeakable fragility at all linguistic and technical levels.
What I understood from this book is that he wanted to alert us to the theory of the great conspiracy. What I want to say is that I benefited from what I knew there was a major conspiracy and people in control of it. Supposed to make them a peg for any failure in our lives, our country? The idea of a grand conspiracy could be correct. But we have to solve our regular problems first, and after that, we will continue to see the problems that are beyond this. Evaluation because I do not like conspiracy theories
Good, but it is not great. It will depend on myths, so let the dialogue be closer to laughter, not more
I finished it in two hours, the first work that I read for the Lebanese novelist Rashid Al-Daif, which translated many of his works into many languages .. an ordinary work that did not interest me even though it was nominated for the Booker Prize. After this work, I became convinced that I and the poker business do not agree
I expected it to be much more beautifully frankly .. I read it because it was Ghassan Kanafani, but I expect his style to withdraw the reader and motivate me to imagine .. The idea is beautiful, but I was able to understand it from the cover of the back book .. The papers, with my say, did not add any other content, unfortunately.
I was traveling for a lifetime and I preferred a star hotel. Close to the campus. Parking is non-existent. Cleanliness of rooms is medium. Television has working channels. Tea and coffee services in the rooms are not available. Replacement of towels only at the request of the customer. Frankly it is forbidden to carry the name of the murid. ..
I expected it to be better
Not worth reading .. disassembled research and bad output for its material
I like the movie more honestly
Unfortunately, I did not receive any feelings of love from the book, and I never liked it, in addition to being bored and repetitive. She talks about feelings of love in general for places of people, not love for person
The book is almost boring, almost to the extent of its text ... After that, it is not a monster ... Very boring details about the places, not surprising, which is necessary ... I do not know. For mankind, but it fails, however, it does not nullify this dream .... This is the first novel I approved for Naguib Mahfouz, and I was looking for a better level than that ... I would like to read another story soon. To me, he annoyed me so seriously that the grandfather of the mountain died of upset when the servant at his death was killed ... I mean, he walked when his grandchildren were killed and died when the servant died ???
Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, as usual, does not disappoint. I said, &quot;It will remain a narration that is less despicable than a nail of buffalo.&quot; A place and people and there is no plot .. Even the personalities are frankly fabricated .. There is no need for all these needs in one street or one place .. And then in many details, fabricated in the text .. Like the popular committees? Like the old man who died, and it is a possibility that he did not go away. There is no one living in a neighborhood and a salesman works to sell to people who are in the same neighborhood ... so blessing and blessing ... and the method is not strong enough: A loss in which the pound:
disappointing. Nothing. They send the birds back to them
Bad novel right. I am against this heinous Turkish cultural invasion. My objection to myriad things ... I start with the writer&#39;s belittling of the Islamic religion, perhaps, or was it a mockery? I don’t really know .. Then you find these incomprehensible jumps, and the detail that has lost the novel tastes especially when it comes to extra details regarding female irrational characters, boring. As for the end, it is what triggered my anger, commercial and vulgar. One star for the author to name the chapters of the novel with the components of the Ashura dish and how she linked it to the story and the idea, and the other star for her daring to talk about the Ottoman massacres of the Armenians in a country considered a champion of peace ...
The worst stay in Mecca for me. Not sure that the receptionist is nice. Peace, mercy and blessings of God be upon you. The hotel is bad and without the level it does not rise to the level of the star hotel.
I will not dwell a lot on the review, many have spoken and covered most of the points already, and I speak of those who spoke with impartiality, and I do not mean the choir of the drummers and the awesome group of Aww .. amazing .. I almost faint from excessive amazement, my evaluation of the novel is two stars and it is in the norms of the Quadridis is ok .. Three stars mean you liked me and I liked it .. There are many different five-star status .. I say to them ... Who are you? My notes are in points as usual:. By God, I did not know that Dr. Ahmed spoke about the slums except from the rural areas after reading the novel. I mean the slums want an obscene colloquial dialect and a book with special craftsmanship. The novel seemed to me to revolve around worlds like middle-class worlds ... temporal tricks, the idea of Siberian and the transfers between the characters are very ingenious, Something that the doctor excels at, the end is very pleasant for me, I do not hope for these ends and these ideas .. I see that many readers believe that Dr. Ahmed can develop from his style, to see another method, this is the style of the doctor, O group, and he will still write the same way, no Take up more than you can handle ... with a clear background For the writer&#39;s position on the revolution, we all agreed that the subject of the revolution came in a very dissonant and cacophony in the novel, which had no reason. Finally, I think that Dr. Ahmed’s style and some of his strengths that he can enjoy can be exploited in another field of writing. He should stop writing realistic drama and stories of suffering, and seriously think about writing a science fiction novel or fantasy novel, or even invent a new type of khanfshari in writing. I very much encourage him to modern surreal or abstract novels .. I think he will succeed ..
Very boring and very frustrated
Normal . Wi-Fi morning breakfast.
I found it difficult to read, so I did not complete it and am not thinking about completing it
The hotel does not rise to four stars. The room is spacious. The movement of buses is very bad, and if you complain about reception the treatment is dry and gives you a white sheet to file a complaint. I found insects on the bed that might be in a hotel far from the campus
Exotic housing and publicity. Nothing. The reception is not organized, the buffet or restaurant services do not have anything. The rooms are very small and the quilt is not clean. The TV is only forbidden. The price is expensive for the same level
The book is simple, light and details live in frills. I wished to delve deeper into Somali civilization. I wanted to know a lot about this strange Arab country
Thanks . . Not good service
A very short novel. very strange. Its end is open and each reader can understand from something different
I was very excited about the novel at the beginning, especially with the amount of people who say that the novel is very sweet and a high evaluation of the novel. As usual, Mohammed Sadiq will display the life of young people from his point of view, which I see is far from reality. From the first page, and I knew that the novel would not like me .. The idea is a very sweet general idea, because it is a group of stories in one frame and all of them happen at the same time, but I felt that it was superficial and that the world is much deeper than that. This is, however, in many needs that are not realistic and strange, and the characters are superficial and a little cold, I am afraid that they have many dimensions, such as strong novels. And these are the same problems that were in Hepta, with a difference that Hepta is much better than this novel. Despite my opinion about the novel, I liked the story of Ahmed Al-Assi and Reem.
Resort did not rise to the required level. . Raising prices daily without convincing reason
disappointing. The site is close to the campus. Cleanliness is very poor. Staff is not helpful, there is no parking
Patients with pressure, diabetes and eggs refrain. One was a millionaire in his brokerage and real estate effort, and he remains a billionaire. Trying to make a self-made champion of something. What talent is there when one is born? He finds himself a prince who has powers and benefits that he would sell in exchange for entering a partner with entrepreneurs in Saudi Arabia. Ahh to one, originally, all of its projects are trade, brokerage, and agencies that do not have any mother in her mother, that is, development or addition to any country he invests in. Including the stronghold of capitalism, America, which has donated to the victims of September and eclipsed and took his brain and his consent, defending his position. The book, frankly, is like printing, we add, expensive, loose, and empty, from the face of Fateh. Thank God that he was with one of the companions of the author originally not reading in the book and I took it from him. The book is a guide to foolishness and dementia for the Arab princes in general
Very weak. I never liked anything about this hotel. The hotel is bad by all standards reception staff as well as room service workers and there is no one who takes you from the car at the door to park it in the parking lots and the restaurant is very poor food and the staff in it are very bad and also the security staff treat them badly at the gates there is only the Egyptian receptionist is the only person in the hotel who dealt with me telegraphic
Boring. Unfortunately, it was the first and last experience. I did not expect it like this:
Very weak. . Renting families only
An uncomfortable hotel. There is no. Cleanliness, service, location
The most ridiculous thing to read. The writer stuffs the text with artificial metaphors and similes
Then, he is attacked by the author of the book, as he is a ridiculous and trivial man who has taken much greater than his size and calls him paralyzed and miserable
.. They said that the people who do not look directly in your eyes, are people who do not deserve your trust .. Never secure them .. It was the only thing after we completed each book of this series .... Professor Ahmed from Wayne answers in the mother of ideas this, shrewd brother By the way, the Spectra story was a longing for the story but I was disappointed again.
Disappointed . Breakfast buffet and Wi-Fi. Long corridors with opposite rooms such as the prison. Very narrow rooms with doors linking them. Tea tools for the bathroom are available without a suction fan. You are with dignity.
Weak. . Bad eating, cleanliness is bad,
I did not find anything in it, a narration that bore a lot of monotony and boredom. At first, I liked the weirdness of man with himself and the loss of his controller, but suddenly I turned toward these notes to become aimless or perhaps valuable.
Most of the time, Mustafa Muhammad shows society with all his actions as absolute right .. As if all his thinking used to return to the circle of society and prove its validity only in a different way and it appears as a woman’s habit that it is much less than men in everything and depicts it as empty empty .. and no He sees in the woman only the image of the farmer who knows only her home and raising her children as the best image of the woman
Weak. The site is just beautiful. The price is not suitable. Cleanliness is improper. No breakfast did not match the features on site
Average hotel. Location. Bad service, cold airconders, late delay in czech republic
The book became famous only because of the death of the writer. God have mercy and forgive her
Very weak. . The hotel is dirty, silenced, and its smell is all moldy.
Any words did not add new, I do not know why ISIS added to the cover, I think it is a commercial reason. I bought the book because I liked it.
I am a resident of Makkah, and I know most restaurants in Jeddah. I always hear about Amo Hamza and what is going on around him from the controversy of many branches. Expensive prices for bad meals. These three ideas are all I know about Amo Hamza until the Makkah branch was opened and one of my close friends invited me to a lunch in Amo Hamza Mecca branch so I went With him, what deserves praise is in restaurants, uncle Hamzeh. Just points. Decoration with cooling. Cleanliness of the employees. As for what matters to us in the quality of the dishes, I give him zero out of ten. The fish has no taste that indicates that it is roasted fish or fried. The types of rice do not bear the distinct flavor. Mandi is not soggy and the fishermen think they hear about them but they don&#39;t understand Anything in the way it is cooked survives the salad When I realize what the authorities are, unfortunately, the red authority is just a tomato placed in the mixer and served to the customers, no salt, no spices, or any taste that has red salad like it is inherited in the sense of the word. And he thinks in any other field, in short, the very people of the world provide a restaurant that does not deserve to experience, not even think about the experience, and if you were not invited by a friend, I would not have tried my uncle Hamzah at all because of his very bad reputation, and the informational workers specialized in eating seafood and proficient in every skill is the Malayalam labor. India and T. Many from the province of Malibar. As for Amo Hamza Jaibli, Egyptian workers swear by God in the valley while they are in the second valley, and those who want to eat seafood have value. The Hamour Restaurant in Jeddah has a branch in the University neighborhood next to the University Hospital and a branch in the Al-Nuzla neighborhood. Try any type without specifying a grilled fried fish. Shrimp, any thing, the authorities, a second, and the fisherman, Kharaaa, a small restaurant, but he respects his customers and gives them everything that is good for your brother, a lover of hammour
My story goes on and on. Hanan Sheikh. Despite the complementarity of events, personalities, and the historical momentum worth writing, add to all that the reality of the event, but the method of direct and continuous narration used by the writer did not make us feel that we are reading a novel with complete elements, but rather simple diaries devoid of narrative depth, and in a way that does not attract the reader but drives it to boredom While reading, I felt like jogging between one page and another, without stopping to analyze an event or character. Follow-up on the life of the main character did not lead me to sympathize with her, to appreciate her audacity, or to court her wit, but rather to feel stupid, and not to appreciate the size of the responsibility that falls on her. Even in describing this sweeping love that linked her to Muhammad, I found her continuous ability to betray without feeling any guilt that is not audacity but insolence, and not a break of traditions, but a contempt for the meaning of freedom that women demand in our Arab societies.
I do not understand any need ... I do not know what people are talking about, where are I, personally, I am convinced of these two events, but his narration of the idea of prophecy has been very superficial. Its existence is like the lack of it, it is completely untidy, and God knows best, it can be true Paulo, and this is the difference between the first torque of the Apostles and the Prophets, but for myself I expected a stronger and deeper need than that much .. Other than that, I did not benefit from any need from the novel and did not come up with any Feeling and no information. Out of respect for my past reading of Paulo with Alf, I will consider myself equal
This is a description of the fact that the internal corruption written here is not close, even if it is a bit distorted by reality. I am still quite far away, they are the enemy of the borders, so their corruption
The hotel does not represent the world-class Movenpick hotels, as opposed to its price. Its proximity to the sanctuary. Cleanliness is very poor in rooms
Mcmtloch:. I think that I bought it the first time I started. Read from the cutter of what I used to hear about dreams of Mostaghanemi ... The truth is that you do not benefit from it sincerely. Girls can benefit me with love or want to forget:
She returns to the same. When I booked through the site, the amount was riyals per night. When I went to the hotel, we were given a very dirty room for smokers, noting that I am not a smoker.
A book bigger than I understand it .. I could never enjoy it. After years I can read it again:
The only story that attracted me was orange.
Dramatic very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very. I had a feeling that I was in one of the debt classes that were imposed during the school days .. I used to sit and the teacher continues to say luxurious, beautiful and dramatic expressions of the wonderful and great life in the Islamic era .. and always was in an emotional style that has no effect of logic or reason in it Absolutely .... The same thing here .. It seems that Professor Khaled directs his book to this particular segment .. It is that emotional segment secured by the readers .. All he does is write in a literary style embellished beautifully about the similarity between my call to the Messenger of God Muhammad and Christ knowing Peace .. just rhetoric full of good deeds and literary images, as if we were in the category of an expression .. but no more than that ... Throughout the books, I felt that the writer was trying to color the religion with socialism, for example, phrases like this: Why are you layering? God created you equal as the teeth of the comb, and did not make Ibn Al-Bayda a favor over Ibn Al-Souda except through work and piety. It seems that the writer forgot .. or forgot .. that it was God who raised each other above some degrees. This sincere sense of Ibn Nafil constitutes and represents a historical necessity that really heralded the coming of Muhammad. Once again the historical determinism .. Once again the idea of teleology that history is moving towards .. There is no difference between the determinism of Marx and the imperative of Khaled Mohamed Khaled .. Except that I do not find any link between the call of Ibn Nafil and the imperative of the emergence of a Prophet at all. And in societies that are based on false discrimination, ordinary people fall prey to a certain class of supervision and masters who cast terror in the hearts of their fine and their victims, and take possession of the brazenness and dawn of their rights and livelihoods .. In such situations, the protection and honor of the ordinary man is to give him the priority he deserves by his labor and his work and giving him moral appreciation And the materialist who nominates him for his length of loyalty, and then be the dawn of those lost, arrogant, bruising gangs that destroy justice and truth and isolate them from their false nest. It seems to me that the author is talking about the dictatorship of the proletariat in this piece .. right? . And he repeats again the idea of the class struggle and the revolution of the oppressed or the workers if we follow the communist concept and say. This phrase alone: I call upon the prisoners at all to represent the revolutionary concept of an invitation to Christ and indicate the complete plan that would have been shown during his struggle for the shattered masses if his days on the ground were to be prolonged. This is throughout the writer .. I find the writer merging religious thought with socialist thought .. Or he encapsulates socialist thought with a religious garment .. I cannot determine the truth ... In the end, the book became more like a political discourse in my discourse than what we hear in the preachers of the New Testament. I didn&#39;t like the book ... it didn&#39;t add much to me, nor did I enjoy the style of the writer ..
Most of the problems showed a certain category of people poorly at the expense of the other category
You got bored very hard: /. There are people who have advised me to read this book because it is useful. But frankly, I don&#39;t like you. Or you like the pure style. The writer prefers to re-enlist in the same words. He dismissed me and was unable to complete it: /. In summary, it was possible to work this book on a page in a lot. Each page has advice and an example of this and salvation. Instead of cutting off speech and repetition. It would have been nice if it had been more interesting
disappointing. . uncooperative
It has a lot of contradictions and I have a lot of notes on it. I was not very convinced of her words like. About her age when she moved to the king&#39;s palace. And how her Muslim mother lives in a nunnery. And how she looks from the bottom of the door to see everything and every direction. She said she was over a year old and she was still at the king&#39;s eighth. The Sheikh of the Muslim religion became called the patriarch. She felt a very strong exaggeration about her adolescence, adulthood, and the behavior that the female servants spoke to them, as well as how the female mates inserted a key between her thighs if they found any dirty effects on her underwear or they revealed and checked the cleanliness of her underwear. Besides the crudeness of lying about the topic of sensual culture by Sheikh Al-Kahal and how he portrayed the presence of women in the universe as mere unloading machines for men. The snitch refused the men, who were following her, to kidnap her. The king is a grandson of the Messenger Sallam, whom we have not heard of before, and they are descendants of the Messenger, who has not determined who he is. Her puppy talking about her wish to have sex with a man she meets by chance. That it was the backbone of life and that if her family had not existed, they could not have continued That she could tell stories and that her imagination was fertile, but we did not see her any books or stories other than her autobiography
Unfortunately, I wasted my time reading a book full of lies and absurdity
Star cover. And a star for the writer&#39;s style. I did not expect that I could read a novel like this because it is boring, I expected it better ..
Very weak. . Before the time out of disturbing cinema phones
disappointing. Blessings of the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. Reception staff is poor and rooms are not clean
Frankly, I was shocked .... the idea is good .... but the narration style shocked me by the many sexual expressions that masked the features of this literary work ... I felt disgust. His idea that the writer is the hero did not like him frankly .... and he knows how to control his soul ... I remembered the films of Farid Shawky when he was forcibly appearing and beating ten people with his fist ... My own may not everyone agree with me, but it will still be the final opinion to me .. I think that criticism itself is an advantage and not a defect .. I hope that the next work will be better
I do not see a book originally:. We can say that it is a brush from a daughter to a girl ... and a little girl is too much for her to not know this and the two stars, but because the style of claying is light blood .. I repeat he does not rise to the point of a book:
Once again, the two stars do not mean that the book is bad, but it is good .. only ... the book is small in size, and contains a set of ideas and reflections for the great Egyptian scientist Ali Mustafa, supervisor about the relationship of science with life, and how it can benefit science in all aspects of life, and on that Chapters were divided into: Science and Politics Science and Industry Science and Money Science and Arab Nations Science and Youth Science and Ethics Science and Religion Science and Life .. The book also contained a conclusion in which the writer added more details on the subject of the atomic bomb and the importance of investing science in the good of humanity, not in what destroys it .. As the articles of the book had been written before The dropping of the nuclear bomb over Hiroshima and Nagasaki, which required Dr. / Musharraf to add this conclusion to the book that collected the articles in general .. Among the most important chapters of the book is the comprehensive introduction that dealt with the life and work of Dr. Musharraf, and the most important of the disciples at his hands ... The last two chapters: Science, religion, science and life are the two most important chapters in the book .. And their thoughts still hold true to our reality today, but whoever reads it feels how much we need to draw our attention to those thoughts .. How science is an essential ingredient of life, And that there is no contradiction between him and religion, and that freedom of thought is one of the most important foundations of scientific progress, and how scholars are with their ability to learn Kerr proper scientific, and their belief in the sanctity of their mission, and they appreciate the people to move forward with their communities on the path of development and progress and success ..
The book designed its sweet cover, its colors and its name, and it started a good start and its blood is light when I talk about people&#39;s opinion about the slums about the book of men from Mars and women from Venus and because this is its value with the star of the rest of the book remained boring and has ideas that no one knows about other than the stylistic method that I write with a real I felt nausea from This book and its style, I do not understand it, in which one refuses that a woman learns and sees a problem in the era in which we live. There are also major inconsistencies in this book, and it contains a description of the thinking of a large number of males who are considered a man
It is true that Qarmushi is the most famous brand of beans, as it is Saudi, but unfortunately, it is a negative reputation. The restaurant is unfortunately a mountain on dirt. The decor has changes, but most of the branches are still nasty. Wearing labor. Cooking tools. Burned tawa find eggs to chick beans on the liver from three four days. In fact, it doesn’t bite the vermicelli. All beans and eggs restaurants have the same degree, or you either give up your ISO and Hasp standards or cook the beans yourself. Even if you waive your criteria, you will not find an encouraging taste. In short the bad bean brand.
I do not recommend it. nothing. The hotel staff dealt with all of them not cheerful and uncooperative. The positions exploited exaggerated amounts, even though I found the position in front of the hotel. I was obliged to pay an amount.
The two stars for the integrity of the literary structure of the work, even if it is full of other faults such as shortness and the lack of strength of the subjects sometimes and also the overuse of the two words pain pain so much that I thought that the writer does not know from the language other than them and this is enough to enter the depression on the same reader .. Therefore it is advised when the subject It is bleak not to be overly wailing like this ... accompanied the reader only. There is no bidding for the writer’s pain at all. But moderation and moderation are good .. As for the second thing that caught my attention .. Is it normal for me to make literary work on Facebook? . It is a very confusing thing that I still condemn and, on the contrary, I try to accommodate it ... because it is clear that it will become the fashion of the times ...
Longevity, by God, we see our profession, raw material for irony and mockery :. Many positions were funny and cute. But in situations of laughter, there is a mockery of people&#39;s ignorance of themselves and responses. Hours really remain provocative and instead you die, they make fun. But for example, the six who eat their son Bean after the first two weeks. Uh, can we do a satirical and sweet article from it, but this is ignorance and crime, and it is not only the one responsible for it ... You and me and the backward country are the reason, we do not want to laugh at it. Uh, you can make her aware that her brain is dry and you will not hear the words and say that she will envy the valley and gaze for him, but even in this way we don’t tell her alone that she thinks like this. Mabbash is the most ridiculous ridicule of the people, no matter what, whatever the purpose, and even if you are an ordinary person, you are mocked of you, they must accept People who lack pressure and relieve me, I am very suffocated, but I will come back and say, they know me again. I want an ointment, a rivet, that measures pressure, i.e. a need because he does not have a second need in his hand. The situation remains provocative in its hour:. Parents who think that the man passed out from rinsing the mouth, this is a sad situation, not funny. You may not have any fundamentals of awareness, health or any need. And by the way, it is possible that somebody knows them, but we are not their place, which is what explains any explanation, it does not make sense to convince himself of it. I don&#39;t laugh at people’s feelings, so we can laugh. Hours are often in error, sometimes in reception and wards, we treat patients in general:. But I still see her mistake, and I see the one who made it wrong, and I am not right and I can erase any humanity in the profession, whatever the profession here is its level, but it is with our Lord, what
A bad experience . Close to the beach, canopy and towels are provided to guests free of charge. Not all taxi drivers know where he is or where the hotel entrance is because the main entrance from inside my parking space needs internal maintenance for furniture and doors, but in general it is acceptable in the case of eating a meal in the hotel&#39;s restaurant. Other: It is easy to have a meal in the hotel&#39;s restaurant, at the expense of any guest in the hotel, no auditing, or it was a stupid experience
Good novel, I enjoyed its events and details .. Mixing magic with talismans with mental illness was wonderful, and the writer&#39;s imagination is very cool. An open end to open the mind to thinking .... I did not like the hero’s character as much as I liked the idea itself
bad service . The place is quiet and no hassle frankly and air conditioning is good. The reception service is very bad, we arrived after the appointed time, an hour, and so on, we waited two hours to go down to the room, and after we went down there was a shortage of bed in the same room, and the bulbs and the refrigerator were broken after its ruin, and other than that the bathroom smelled as it endured. Dettol and we cleaned the bathroom other than this transportation we were expected to deliver all day long a monument came to the last ten days we booked before the salvation prayer is not done Te Chinh and Michaelmk originally but I noticed most of who the hotel using a taxi we were Bnhdz and Suhour breakfast but comments Elly Jerbo Khaltna Mantlb and break our fast by road what all The Powell Day arrived Mecca expressly Maad Book them because one traveler tired and day one all the problems room
My first reading of Tawfiq al-Hakim, I did not expect the play to be about Solomon, I thought that the protagonist of the novel was called Solomon .. I did not like the multiplicity of sources and his confusion between the heavenly books and a thousand nights and nights, and also there is something that does not fit to mention about the Prophet .. The writer&#39;s imagination is very very fertile .. But I cannot rate him as a playwright .. Because I have not read plays before .. I liked commenting on the book more than the book itself .. Summary of the comment that human capabilities have increased and amplified more than his wisdom in imposing control on These capabilities .. which may result in severe consequences .. So the real test is to restrain the force with wisdom.
I started reading it with enthusiasm .. Then my enthusiasm gradually started to fade .. The book is long and does not deserve all these pages. Were it not for my nature not to leave books that I have not yet finished, I would have left him. Likewise, most of the negatives mentioned by those who read the book in the revisions here support them .. mm. I do not deny that I enjoyed reading some places but I do not recommend reading it.
An interesting and interesting idea that deserved to be narrated with greater narrative sophistication and temporal bonding. I couldn&#39;t cross the hundred pages threshold
disappointing. . There is no satellite TV for movies and somewhat bored
Whoever has not heard of the planet Japan and the amount of civilization and the progress of these countries in terms of civilization and scientific and civilization progress, and that is only because of the cultural specificity of this country sanctifying work, order and diligence and determining all aspects of life according to customs and traditions that should not be overlooked, which may sometimes appear It is very complicated and disciplined and has social and psychological repercussions that may be severe in some cases, but this is justified, because all civilizations have bright and other facets that are dark, but what this novel provides is a dark side according to the western vision of the Japanese person who moves according to a lucky hour and a specific mechanism movement within The condition of tight suppression and lockdown P and human feelings in comparison with the Western mentality, which has a side of excellence in this field over its Japanese counterpart and is in fact an immature vision, but may have made the same accusations of the Western case as high suicide rate, spiritual emptiness and addiction problems, just as the heroine&#39;s personality has many unanswered questions. With it as a representative of a Western person to be more self-confident and able to face challenges not to reincarnate the Japanese character in a distorted and unjustified subordination status closer to that of livestock and complete satisfaction with the state of decline that has reached it and whoever was any giant institution that has no labor laws even Regulations specify the relationships between employees and their subordinates in a developed industrial country. Yes, it is a novel, not a reality, but a good novel is the one that elaborates.
Very weak. Breakfast is good. The location is very high compared to the standard and cleanliness
Thank God the stay was good. No comment. What I did not like is that I booked with the reservation value of the reservation, then I was surprised by the tax and the amount reached dirhams and fractions. Why do I pay the tax? Why do we live in Europe? We thank God, our country is the country of goodness and above I am an expatriate and do not pay the tax to the hotel Something for spirits for foreigners at the pool and I have children and this thing I absolutely like
Lord, I have weakened the mind from me, and the mind went out in vain, and I could no longer read a biography in which nothing might come into contact with me or with my personal life ... Two hundred pages were spent in them hours of my time that are absolutely worthless and then stopped ... at the behest of companion Dina Nabil, who told me that you have really entered into the real boredom where the autobiography of the Marxist self will end when he intends to write the first novel .. Here, then .. between the seller and the buyer, God opens, Haji Marquis:. The only benefit of this novel is that I fully knew that most of Marquis’s novels drew from his personal life and that of his relatives, while giving it something of the finest literature, and as for his autobiography, it is the cold reality without any glory or condensation ... so we escape to the literature Marquis’s novels exposed to reality Cold biography. And what was the success of God alone
Weak. Treat the security guards. Difficulty seeing the hotel from the street, the presence of Saada is difficult for the elderly, access to the hotel is very small toilet, lack of Wi-Fi, lack of cleaners
Very weak. . Bad room stars don&#39;t get dirty. The rooms in the rooms are not clean. The bathrooms are very narrow. The TV is from the old system.
I was very curious to understand what this dangerous novel and creative work .... and all the praise I heard about this novel and the many stars that lavished on it. The only thing I feel right after reading it is disappointment. I could not see what he deserved of all this, neither the style nor the philosophical struggle attracted me in the hepatos of the Hebata because he decided to waste more than two-thirds of his parchments in boring blogging and troublesome details of his relationships. Very few were talking about sectarian strife in the church.
I didn&#39;t feel like I went to a five-star hotel ... a very ordinary hotel. Location. The pool is small and dangerous for children due to tree ponds
The reservation is deducted twice. nothing. Lack of trust. The value of the reservation has been deducted twice, and after waiting a month, the amount is not returned
Dull classic, contains beautiful phrases but worth more than one star.
Unfortunately
Although I admire the style of spinning some poems at first. However, this yarn turned into a complete description of his sweetheart, devoid of all spinning methods
There is no labor. Close to the city. There is no cavalent workers weak to annoy the neighbors
I like you. From one story to another story, and there is no story in the end, and I can tell from it a need, and suddenly, the novel has been concluded. There is no need for a pure word outside this de facto, one of the most urgent needs in any novel .. I don&#39;t know what was necessary for it. Slang in the middle of classical .. What is this?
An unsatisfactory hotel and the price is very high. The only thing I liked is the proximity of the hotel to the Haram. The hotel floors are not clean, the beds and bathroom are not clean
Most of these wills are popular on social websites ... I don&#39;t like the pure commandment like this ... I would like you to tell me a story with it so that it can be fixed more in my mind
What is the problem I have this village? In general, despite all the miserable attempts to read it, I decided to complete MacDillash&#39;s life. Life is short
Unfortunately, saccharin protection is not so bad, unfortunately
Weak. . There are no towels for the bathroom, not even tissue paper, and upon request, she claims that she is in the warehouse and has not yet arrived and on the second day we did not get it. Kitchenware is not clean Breakfast is bad
The reception staff greeted them with a rubbish, and your instructor said that your house is at his expense. . Reception staff greeted them with your garbage, your instructor said that your residence at his expense has been booked and said, &quot;No, you are a barrier of history.&quot; &quot;He said,&quot; Yes, cancel the reservation, and we will give you expensive rooms, and it is not worthy of riyals in the night.
This book takes the International Prize for Arabic Fiction Poker. As long as this remains, I will not read any book and take the license again. Nor any book by this author never. I don&#39;t even know what I want from the book. It detects problems that we all know about in a very bad way, and it does not provide any solutions, not even useful ideas. It was a waste of time
A book from light books does not add scientific information or linguistic results to you except a little thing. Nice to read after heavy books. What distinguished the book in my opinion is that it is characterized by a bold adventure, and not merely a narration and description of what he saw in a boring and monotonous way .. The book found a great resonance that is much larger than its size .. My evaluation. /
I met her so I said read it. Do you think about Arabic films too? And to my surprise, I guessed the murderer from the text of the novel, or less violin. It could have done better than this. But I generally liked the novel and enjoyed it
The story is sweet, but the topic is a bit confused and I felt that I was lost in the text like this ... Estrogen is better than it:. The idea of a movie novel is sweet because I love dialogue.
It is a kind of literature that is not circulated in the Arab world. It is not easy to approach it, and if it is not completely alien to me, then I have read similar accounts. For me, the novel was entertaining and funny at its beginning, but after the middle of the novel I felt bored and started easily expecting events and comedy sentences. Good try and I think similar work in the future will be stronger
Bis ... repeating ideas. Human development books make me feel satisfied. I do not deny some beautiful phrases
My judgment on the story is not due to the fact that it was planned in the high school curriculum .. but as a result of my reading of stories that are deeper and much larger than a story that does not deserve the novel for children in the elementary stage and it may be a disregard for the minds of some of them
Recommend it out of place. The hotel is near the door to visit women. The lack of credibility in reserving the rooms because a bed room was booked and I was surprised that the room had two beds and the third bed brought it extra, meaning small and they did not change the room for me and I am asking for the price difference
Much of it gets bored. I loved the first part and the last part
Very weak. And nothing, everything was bad. The hotel is very poor. The reception got off the hooks, leveled the entry, got up to the room, waited and waited, and did not answer the callers. Boiling water, there is no soap in the bathroom. The price does not deserve forever until one riyal. The first day I asked them for coffee and tea and took the refrigerators. I said the coffee for riyals and the tea. The one who got bored and booked in it .. The hotel is clear that it was old apartments and could be repaired
God willing, the first and last time:
A long story exaggeratedly and its events are realistic and it talks about the moral decline in our society with the use of idioms and insults and keep it out more. The novel is normal content, and the way it is presented is normal.
Very weak. The administration&#39;s cooperation regarding the delay in handing the room to the hour:. Narrow the room and bathroom, lack of electrical sockets next to the bed, and no side lighting
nothing . nothing. I have paid the insurance amount and until now I have arrived for a month and have not returned the amount of the quorum and the hotel told me after a week we will give you the amount in your account
Of the books that I spent the worst time reading, my review may be somewhat harsh .. But in light of the development of the authorship movement, something strange was found in this book in libraries and from a man with a doctorate ... First I must ask: Is everyone who collected stories From the internet and other books he has the right to publish a book in his name? When I borrowed the book from my sister I read the sentences written on the cover and waited for something beautiful given: The book that will not be dusted in your library. The book that you will fly with in worlds of suspense. And many of the excessive marketing sentences alone in the right of this book ... I started reading the book and amazed a lot because most of the stories I read more than five years earlier in converted emails we hear books in the councils .. The important thing is that they are very widespread stories .. and I started to really ask myself: What is this ? Is this really a book? Is anyone who wrote it aware of the sentences written on the cover? I may dedicate this book to a teenager who does not exceed the age of his or her .. But it is a book for adults. I will say with full mouth that the book is bad for those over the age of adolescence. The disadvantage is not in collecting the stories themselves but misrepresenting them. If they were presented with a beautiful template or talk about a specific topic and a citation to the stories, the situation would become a little better ... not to mention a paragraph: the clips .. in the book .. The clips were sometimes inconsistent with the story and sometimes It does not complete reading the line at all ... It really offends me that there are such books and marketing to them in this way .. And shorting success stories in this way ... Also artistic direction .. I do not understand how a writer is allowed to use unlicensed images that are available on the Internet using them in Write and print it. I cannot believe that a fee has been paid for each image because on every page of a picture and the book contains a story which means one or more images ... and the book price is less than the payment in it of such an amount ... This movement has angered me and angered many of those interested in modest artistic directing Very ... The poor place to put pictures and insert them into the pages of the book did not make me comfortable when reading ... Instead of flying in suspense, I flew in the sky of boredom and wonder at this book .. An experience that I will not repeat, God willing. And I prepared the book for my sister with a negative impression ... It seems that writing books has become easy these days ... I also learned that spreading and admiring is not evidence of product quality at all ..
Whoever drank the alcohol that he was drinking, I felt that I was not disciplined, and the strange events that were taking place outside of the novel did not understand what I did not want, I say yes, I
I don’t feel it .. I’m still not sincere… So go ahead about a page .. But I don’t like what I expected .. It’s not a utopia
Very weak. . The service is very poor and not worth the money
In my heart, female racist. In the beginning, it was wonderful and interesting, but after I almost reached the middle, I pitied the writer and turned her against his racism .. At the beginning, I tried to ignore her ignorance that Christianity is not Christian, but I could not complete it after I discovered and browsed at the end to discover that everyone entered Islam is not hated by it so I am I respect all religions, but its view is that the owners of all religions support the Muslim, but the Muslim does not have to do this because he is the best of all of them .. Ahmed provoked me that he loves my club, but he will not displace it except when you leave her religion and gain reward in it. It was closer to me to an Indian movie or a Turkish drama
Very weak. nothing. Everything in the hotel where the services are very weak, and the staff are not familiar with the tasks of hotel work, there are no services for internal and external communications, wifi is very weak
Very bad hotel. Nothing too. nothing
When war takes us to where we do not want.
A bad experience . nothing. Bad location on the mountain of arrival is very difficult and there is no taxi easily ..... The hotel and furniture are old ... Breakfast is bad
No . nothing. nothing
Not good . . The lack of internet service, the reception staff interview, the transfer of the Grand Mosque in Makkah, in the agreement was not available
A novel that can only be classified as pornographic literature. A loss in which time and money
This book contains chapters ... What is the myth of mythology of hunters and farmers of civilizations, the first pivotal era, after the pivotal era, the great western transformation .. I found the book boring, disappointing, and ideas in it dispersed to the point that I rustled the book and felt that I spent a very long time reading it as usual. I did not find in it something worth reading in depth except for the last chapters, the pivotal era, after the pivotal era, the great western transformation. The rest of the chapters for me were a precursor to the book .. It is worth noting that Karen did not differentiate between the miracles of the prophets and legends, even as she mentioned the incident of Isra and Mi&#39;raj as a legend. She also sees myths as a spiritual food and that many problems will be solved with reference to myths
Comfortable stay if the stairs. I have my mother for seventy years and was surprised by the stairs. It was a pain when going out and entering. He did not explain to me when booking that there was a drawer to reach the room. I don’t know what I booked. Make a kind of fraud. Four beds were reserved for adults, and they discovered that the fourth bed was a sofa, and if she knew, she wouldn&#39;t have booked this kind of fraud .. Unfortunately, there is no distinction compared to the well-known name of Hilton except for proximity to the campus.
Weak. The location of the hotel. Poor service and cleanliness made me go out of the hotel at one o&#39;clock in the morning, I did not stay more than hours
Very weak. nothing. nothing
There is no single honest or pure character in it. sad thing.
In the name of of Allah the Merciful. First: Praise be to God, who does not praise Ali hated only. Second: I ask God to forgive me for the time and effort that was lost from me in reading this book, which is useless and has no benefit, or a useful saying that intercedes for its owner by mentioning it yet. Its over. Third: The book consists of several parts. Introduction to the book: a very long boring, most of which was a response to Louis Massignon, not an explanation. For the book or a prelude or clarification of what is in it. Book texts. Interpretation: Somewhat good, and you may have found some verses that the Hallaj interpreted in a strange but logical manner. Al-Tawaasin: Talasem in talismans as if you are reading to whom God said that Satan is floundering from touch. The Garden of Knowledge: The vague, unexplained Khazabalat, which stipulates an adult knowledge of the language, is ignorant of great eloquence, which is the delivery of the meaning in which al-Hallaj failed, and I consider it the reason for his accusation of heresy. State texts: I was satisfied with browsing without careful reading, because I was bored by al-Hallaj and the book. Al-Diwan: Good, and the man has good hair, so she was awarded the book with one star. Saying in al-Hallaj. If he is not claiming to be God, he is closer to claiming. And if it is not heretic, it is crazed. It is not authorized to judge it, but it is not a reasonable or thoughtful man who is worthy of reflection. This is the summary of my research and reading all that this Hallaj wrote. And peace. :
An interesting reading, and it would have been useful without the extreme shortcut that I wanted the author to avoid especially when writing about an interesting and important topic like the one he chose
disappointing. The location is excellent. The room was not clean
The place is awesome, but the nudity is from the women .. Our trip has been spoiled so much ... And may God guide you, Lord. The place is full of trees with corridors and between buildings it reminds you of East Asia and its trees .. Swimming pools are everywhere. Mobility is difficult and slowly, time is wasted on you .. Stop your car at the reception and wait to take your car to the parking and then you bring a golf car or the rest and transport you to your residence .. This is beautiful, but the opposite .. From your apartment, you wait for less than a minute until you bring the rest car to transport you to your car and your car sits minutes until She attends to you .. wasting time and effort especially if you have tired young children with the situation .. most importantly .. and my personal opinion the hotel is never good .. for conservative families and especially those who have sons and daughters .. there is nudity and dissolution in the hotel many times and God guides everyone .. the check is out. ..I am the one who paralyzed Al-Shanat below and waited a minute to attend the rest or the golf car, for you to check Iowa and you are waiting in the free and you wait for your children minutes
I know the words floating around in your heads: a deprived teenager dreamer ... and you can stop reading, but without insults. And the way he addresses God I say:. O holy God .. The Great, forgive me, forgive me, O God, for wasting my time reading what I have read.
Perhaps the title aroused curiosity for me as she read a novel that is said to be poor
Very normal, not alchemic or accurate
Strong mastic like spectra. I felt disassembled from each other. Tales from here and there are hallucinations
More good stories
Unfortunately, I did not find anything interesting about the book. I got bored a lot and I read it
It is good food but its prices are overrated
Nice hotel but service is very bad. . The service is not good and the place is annoying
Weak. Breakfast is very bad.
An experience not worth mentioning. There were no positives. The place is totally unfit for housing, the cleanliness is non-existent, the service is very bad, the value is very, very high, compared to the place
Describing prayer with a sense of nothing less, nothing more ... martyrdom and inference abound in this book regardless of the topic. I liked his graduation. And how much subject to the parts of prostration and supplication. And I did not like the stories that were the most imaginative in the end. Lord, I benefited from it
Very hassle. nothing. The money that was deducted from the first visa was not returned the night. They knew I was paid to the hotel upon the arrival of the full amount due
A novel sponsored by Space Toon that exaggerates the evaluation of this book. It is not reasonable. I think that the writer left her sisters, cousins, and neighborhoods to frighten her with five stars in Goodyreds. I took this huge, empty story from me for about six months and I would stop for days and read books again so that I could return. The real problem in our Gulf writers who are living a hoax is that they write fictional novels, which means in the difference between imagination and naive childish plots of space. The second problem is that we, as readers of fictional novels, are used to reading for professional writers like Stephen King, JK Rolling and others, and then we get excited and read a naive novel like this in poor Arabic, but I want to know if the writer does not know how to write Arabic, why do you write in Arabic ???? Have mercy on the Arabic language, and write the novel as if it were translated and rigid translation. The third problem with the new young book, which is the first to download a book that disturbs marketing once on Instagram and Twitter, and without any embarrassment, I admit that I fell victim to deceptive advertisements. I would not recommend it to the best read a fairytale with a respectable plot.
The company is a slippery one. Every successful person has a restaurant that raised the prices and the restaurant’s deterioration. Remember Shawarmer, the first thing is that its branches are everywhere now, two or three branches, but some are close to getting drunk. However, it was not so distinctive as it seemed. The bread became dry, the chicken dry, and it had no taste. I appreciate the company frankly because they have a distinctive look in restaurants and its design notes a strong job, but their problem is the prices. Currently their problem has become prices and quality.
Abyei R. At the hotel. Breakfast is excellent. Wait in the lobby for more than two hours to receive the room. The bathrooms are very poor and the lighting is very little in the room
It was a good start and wonderful phrases. A beautiful phrase that touches the passionate of expatriates. Then it always came to return to romantic events and stepped into a method of monotony and focus on unnecessary feelings in the end. It resembled in my heart a female Hebrew. For the beauty of the beginning she gave her two stars
disappointing. . There is no one who carries bags from and to the room. The reception crew was not at the site level. There are no shoes or toiletries in the bathrooms. The design of the rooms overlooking the hotel lobby does not suggest privacy from the room, as the glass reveals to passers-by what is in the room.
Bad bad. Close to the sanctuary. The bed is uncomfortable and unstable. I called from the room to the reception and the style was pitched to respond to my inquiry. Parking is the worst thing in the hotel. The hotel managers have priority in parking and the client on the first day. Leah arrived in the evening, and after waiting for an hour at night, I delayed her and stood in parking outside the hotel. Honestly, the price of the night is not a great fit for such a hotel. Eating is reasonable, not excellent. Handing over the room at noon and extending to the hour. Reasonable time: Two rooms and my colleague are holding them, of course. This is according to the mood of what is in the lips. It can be extended. No, I refused. .
disappointing. . I tried to enter at noon, but the receptionist said that the room was not available, but it was afternoon, and when I came back, he said that the room was not ready and I must wait an additional hour
As long as my trust in God is rooted in a tree of certainty, all my affairs are fine
Bad. Nothing really. I have been living in this group for two years and for the first time I regret the housing here .. Wi-Fi is very bad. The area, and when I discussed it, he said, I will change it for you in the afternoon, and he did not do the lack of parking spaces outside and the basement is narrow and untidy .. A terrible decline in the quality of the apartments and certainly there are better options than them
I tried their steak a while ago, and it was burned, in addition to that their dishes were not of high quality in preparation
I was disgusted and very afraid of any need to fly, crawl, or walk. After the novel, I remained terrified of it
Normal . Location. There is no free Wi-Fi, the hotel is very old, the room is worn out, the furniture and bedding are very old, there is no buffer between the rooms and sounds are heard from everywhere
If you believe everything you read, it is better not to read.
His desires of being hopeless are an invaluable characteristic. It is free and honest. What does intimate secret mean? Is it the place where the most free being is located in terms of individuality, originality, and mystery? You cannot measure the mutual love between two human beings with the amount of words that they simply exchange their heads with, and they may refuse from tact to speak because they have nothing to say.
One star for some of the quotes that I liked standing the book like: Nothing in the world is completely wrong. Even a broken clock indicates the correct time twice a day. As for the story, it does not deserve any stars
Excellent location hotel, very poor furniture and new mold. The room is very dirty, full of dust and power outages for hours without an apology from the hotel, and the furniture is old again. The only advantage is the hotel is close to the Haram
I ate dinner in Al-Tazaj branch of the sand station, the workers who take the orders, I want you to buy the whole store, the first thing you look at, the second round, feel for yourself how clean the place is, the cleaner. I and my friends
Good ones and substandard ones
disappointing. . No parking
disappointing. . There are no paper tissues in the rooms, or anywhere where the bathrooms were located, and there is no room for the bidet and bathroom utensils are old. Wi-Fi is cut off, and the carpets have a pleasant smell of old and bad food.
disappointing. staff. The furniture is old and not clean, including the bathroom
Very weak. The restaurant is only an hour. There is no cleanliness of the moldy furniture, there is no water faults, failed, and towels are moldy, the meaning of the word failed
Excuse me, with my great love for Mustafa Mahmoud’s writings, and my great respect for his idea, but I find him somewhat prejudiced on the ideologies that are different with her. He first of all criticized liberalism and secularism and accused her of disassembling societies, and also that she was launched without pruning but he ignored experiences like India as a liberal state and her society was not dismantled because they invented a democracy Liberalism, however, today we find terms such as right-wing liberal, that is, I can be liberal and liberal in Islamic thought and the Islamic trend, even as we call Imam Muhammad Abdo that he is a liberal and secular sheikh, there is also partial secularism, and it is not universal. Do not separate religion from society and the general policies of the state, as it biased a lot against the Nazareths in a manner that can be described as constructive, not objective. As for what I liked most in this book, is the characterization of the writer in more than one place dualism of the unipolar world system with Muslims as their stance towards the eclipses and eclipses and their help. From Saddam to set up their traps for Arab oil ...
Only three poems introduced to me by Nizar Al-Bahi’s world. A laugh. And my friend ... if you laughed, the night was music. Surround me with a watering can from the ritual collar. Drink from the decision to monitor, in a way, in a way. You master when you launch it. Just like roses in coordination. And saturated it before broadcasting marbling and thin. Your blue fingers contemplate tearing them apart. Whoever has a golden mouth. Sprinkled the night with music ... kitten. I hate her .. I desire her link. I love my hatred of her ... I love this meanness in her eye. And fake her if she falsified her saying. And the lie hinted at her vulnerability. Circle .. extending its shadow. Appointed as a swindle wolf eye. Lies fancied around. Satan has inhabited its fruits. Her lust has turned her mind off. I doubt my doubt if I accept. Crying explaining her humiliation. If you come with it, you get arrogant. She dragged her tail laughing. If you hug me, I break my ribs. I emptied my mouth from her mouth. My grin loves her .. and always. I wished, if I wanted her, she killed her. Darling. Do not ask me .. what is his love name? I fear for you to put blemishes. By God, if you were pure in any letter. Lilac jam in the tracks. Do not search for it here in my chest. I let him run with the sunset. You see it in the laugh of drivers. In flirt butterfly paper. At sea, in the pasture breathing. And in singing each nightingale. In the coldest winter when he cries. And in the bid Al-Dima poured. Do not ask about his vulnerability .. So. You have seen the elegance of the sundown. Its two beaches are pure beaches. And his waist jiggle the penis. Mahasin .. Included a book. And I was not invited by a writer&#39;s feather. And his chest .. and slaughtered him ... stop it, I will not reveal the name of my beloved.
Regret. the place. Everything, this is an apartment for a hotel
On Tehran and its dark light ... A novel by Amir Hasan Jalhatin .... You know Tehran, Tabriz, Isfahan, Mashhad, and Qom, right? Know the pictures of the twelve imams ... and find your way between the hawzat easily. These long gowns are known as green, black and white turban and each has an indication. Know pistachios, bright yellow rice, delicious kebabs, and Arabic letters that you look at well but you don&#39;t realize their meaning. Know the Shah, Khomeini, Khamenei, Mutahari, Khalkhali, Farah Diba, Thuraya, Al-Firdousi, and Ali Asghar Farahidi. You know those dark squares in which these people strike their bodies with long chains in a masochistic condition that is rare these days and I do not know the truth of their relationship to the killing of Hussein, peace be upon him, but what is prevented from these practices as long as the collective mind is absent from what is happening in the corridors of the Supreme Council of Guidance ... Know the privacy of sectarianism In Iran, the one that casts a hatred on our Arab region, or we cast it on the Iranians. Have you read the Shahnameh? Have you read about the black fish? Have you read Tehran ... the dark light, the novel that banned a year, and I do not know the reason for preventing it until now, as it is a novel in the sense of narration. I will tell you about it so that you do not think about reading it ... The novel begins with a boy who tells about his brother Qasim, who was arrested under the regime of the Shah Muhammad Reza Pahlavi, the boy called Farhad and his mother Nusrat, and there is the uncle Balqis and the aunt Rabab, the most sacred of his aunt and his uncle Yahya. And their neighbors, Mulla Hussein, his wife, and the engineer, I buy, his wife, his son Al-Rakia, Al-Hajj Akbar and his son-in-law, and there is Uncle Yahya, Bibi Batul, and Khanum Jan ... The novel ends. Between the beginning and the end the novel revolves in a disjointed language in my opinion and a repeated narration that I even memorized certain passages at the end of the novel with the intention of course from the writer evidence of the specificity of the situation experienced by the people of this arrested young man. If you know Shiite slums, this novel is one of slaves within a narrative style, nothing more, nothing less. There are hundreds of sentences talking about Mullah Hussein&#39;s baths, aunt cloths, Rabbas, Belqis cigarettes, and the most sacred, sublime, kind. There is no ruling authority in order to prevent this narrative nonsense and give it a value that it does not deserve as a forbidden novel that rulers are afraid of .... I do not advise you to pay a pound for the value of the novel because the Iranians are crazy and we do not want to be like them we still maintain higher narrative taste, I think .... Hind Jaafar
Those in need of the battery are very, very necessary
Weak. nothing. It is haram with the name Boudl
Since I am her village and I am big, she is sure that you will not receive the admiration that would have been possible for how many years:
Very weak. . The building is old, the furniture and furnishings are very old
I do not recommend visiting the hotel. Free Wi-Fi only .. I never liked the space for the price, because the bedrooms are very, very tight..The sofa in the hall is completely uncomfortable..The place is not furnished with carpets like the rest of the international hotels.
How did this hotel get four stars? Apartment space capacity. It is located in a place far from everything except trucks and workshops. Having four stars and is not worthy of that annoying old conditioners. There is no breakfast, no nearby restaurants or groceries.
The end shattered me. It was not good enough that it should have appeared even if part of the truth and become a free life, but the novel attracted me at its beginning. How beautiful it was that Yasmine held despite the criticism she faces
Saudi Arabia, the eastern region. . The furniture is very old, the toiletries, especially the bath towels, are very old and have blood traces that God dear to you, the kitchen tools are few
Unfortunately no words
Mmm, the small number of pages, in addition to the large number of events, contributed to making the novel good .. In needs that do not survive, its end is open, like Muhammad and hope .. I do not understand why it remains for the novelists to believe that they either talk about sex or with expressions that are good .. sometimes I felt Disgusted while reading .. I felt it meant an ordinary novel that did not deserve more than two or two and a half stars .. Thanks to the author
There you are, there you are, there you are. As tall as the sun ... As confident as the spear ... Arrogant as the clouds ... Beautiful as the wedding ... And here I am looking at you .. I try .. With eyes that burned a thousand times ... I talk to you .. I try .. With the tongue that lost memory ... I extend to you .. I try .. the hand no longer improves the take-up .. nor the giving ... Oh God ... Our course was alone ... How did you get older and not get older? . I say it with Jamil Buthaina ... Was she born out of time as a friend of Salah Abdul Sabour? Where do I start talking? Sinbad&#39;s seventh trip? . Julpher&#39;s adventures in dwarves? . Odds Alice in Wonderland? . Ibn Battuta Diary? . No, don&#39;t say anything. I&#39;m afraid to notice what her father Firas noticed. .. I have visited you forever after us .. I am afraid that you will ask with Laila Shawqi: Do you see we have slaughtered and fell in love with another oryx? . Let me, then, stand silent .. I meditate .. I try .. The sun spears the night’s wedding night .. A woman turns from hair ... I stand silent .. Then I walk. . If I were able to write a letter for you .. I would have written it in a stunning, amazing line .. polished like a mirror .. pure like honey .. dance through the crimson circles .. and blue and green .. your message would come from Nadia from Bahrain beach .. full, even the dregs in the sun .. shine all Point in it and flashing .. As the most white pearls .. I would find gold flowers following your name .. and chasing him across the pages .. I told you my message .. all the stories of the old Sherazade .. and I continued to tell new stories .. no one had heard before .. if I could. To write a letter for you ... to write it on paper that is fragrant with the oud fragrance ... and deposit it with gentle words ... like small buds ... except that these words will awaken the bad desire in the heart of every leaf ... until the burning Machine all in the Red Sea .. roses from Damascus .. If I can .. If I were I ..
Very weak. . The room is very small and boring
I do not like such weak hair. Imagine you, my dear colleague, when you read the entire Diwan of the Hour after a poem in the dark by Ibrahim Naji. Shatan, God
Nafr Al-Hashi is a piece whose size is close to the size of a sulfur box, a piece of lard, a piece of bone, and another piece of meat.
Short stories generally dont tend. I liked the fine details of each story, as the writer did not even neglect the types of cigars, and the colorful description of the environment in which the story revolves .. Ibrahim Aslan, easy to refrain. I wonder why he chose the name Suleiman:
Acceptable . Location of the hotel. The inconvenience to hearing external sounds in the rooms from inside and outside the hotel. The price difference in the local currency with the UAE dirham, and it is known that the UAE dirham is expensive than the Saudi riyal.
Is bad. As for the hotel, it unites pictures on their site, they are all fake. I don’t know why pictures like the hotel in the Maldives are all attractive and the distance from the reception to the rooms is long and there is no transportation and the place is bad no cleanliness or decor and it does not belong to the star hotels already and like the chalets system all attracted pictures the villas over the water are all attracted And the pictures are not, and the reality is not only eating breakfast, lunch and dinner is very excellent, beautiful, the foregoing is bad and bad. The décor is not luxurious, the place is gloomy, the furniture is old, the bathroom is bad, there is no water, the water is very light, and there are no toiletries and toiletries available.
In dramatic and fictional events, most of the characters of the novel are dead before their end. The most beautiful of it is that it introduces you to something of the culture of the Jews of Yemen, if only slightly
A failed book by a failed author
What is the end
disappointing. Excellent for my nocturnal appointments. My client is not indifferent
I did not disagree with a book, as I disagreed with this book, and with the thinking of a writer ..... The writer considers the current community a disbeliever by a third because it does not refer to God in everything ........ What struck me was my desire to control science and knowledge and not He took it from the West except for information only, and the teacher must be a faithful Muslim in it ??? How will a genre be received by the first student ??. I do not want to go into the rest of the book, then I will content myself with the issue of nationality, because the believer has no homeland and the homeland of Islam even if he fights his family and this is of course based on his view that he is in a blasphemy house like the days of the Messenger. Peace will end
Very bad. Unfortunately, I lost nearly two days of my life reading a farce in my opinion
Unsuccessful attempt to imitate. Imagine a totalitarian society and a dictatorial rule with a religious character. It did not bring anything new. Two stars for language and style. The story feels truncated or incomplete. I didn&#39;t like that much. I do not see a smile in this novel
disappointing. The location of the hotel from the round trip to the campus service of the carrier. Reception is bad. Hotel is more than the role of reception staff only. Dealing is bad. We haven&#39;t seen a smile. There is no menu menu for the restaurant and ask the chef to answer
My relationship with poetry is bad, but it is a curiosity I cast on this world. ===. The first cabinet I read for Nizar Qabbani ... It is strange that I chose Nizar the politician. In general, Jamil gave me a motivation to read for Nizar the Romantic and for Gamal Abdel Nasser. ===. You need the floor in my homeland. For a pass. . And saying stupid things about me:. I entered the women&#39;s abode .. and did not come out. And asking to install my hanging .. Because I. About love affairs Pete .. Poetry I wrote ... I did not trade like Gh-ri in the pit u ... nor was it stolen .. nor killed ... but I .. I liked it clearly now ... Why did you see me atone?
The positions of the writer on travel could be reviewed by a blog. Because the book made a sensation that you do not deserve
The gallbladder deserves to speak
The idea of a sweet novel and interesting style. It had a kind of anticipation and a high dramatic plot
disappointing. . Workers did not respond to some requests
A beautiful book, I enjoyed reading some sections, but most of what the book talks about are recurrent and consuming topics that many wrote about, in fact, the book does not deserve all this commotion that occurred after its release.
The novel is a sweet subject, but the style is very low and in bold needs, why did you start describing Maya? This is a novel that will be read by sophisticated people or by trying to rise. This is not a porn movie. Reading is something that raises our minds, it does not help us down
disappointing. . The smell of cigarette smoke is everywhere
Beautiful, light-hearted as a summer summer metaphor
At the beginning I was confused about the book ... and how it was categorized exactly. The introduction was interesting, clearer, similarities between our lives that we live ... and between Picasso and Starbucks. Picasso: Which is one of the most famous artists of the century. You may see his paintings and do not know whether they are beautiful or ugly. But with the usual stereotypes, you stand silent, pretending to admire. Because art critics are certain of its beauty. Starbucks Café: That leaves you free to choose a cup, short or long. And the type of coffee is black or with milk. With or without sweetened sugar or without sugar. Then begins a series of articles on various topics, some of which are new and some of which are spent. Many articles where I felt bored. But his reputation made me expect a lot. But I was disappointed ..
The beginning was more than good .. a lot of tedious elaboration in the middle .. less than expected in the end .. in general an ordinary novel that has resonant phrases for quotes ..
The idea is nice, focused, but the words were not able to depict it. The technical honesty of the story is absent
Flawless words ... Thanks names
Because I respect and love everything that Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq plans, I do not wish to criticize this novel, all I wish to say about it is that I never liked it and that it put me in a horrific, incomprehensible and disgusting spiral: for the first time I hate a book by Dr. Ahmed .....
Poetry texts Hahahahaha. Texts in a valley and this book in another valley
The only motivation that made me read this book is to love me with the Ghassan letter.
Non-reality photos. Proximity to the campus. Cleanliness
He never made me laugh, but it was very silly, my candid opinion of the other: that such writings are not suitable to be published in a book, have mercy on us, scientist: Facebook and blogs are suitable for such gossips. I stopped for the fifth semester, because I lost my ability to digest it
The literary novel is wonderful. Amazing text. His book, Fishey, is rarely seen today. The idea is new. The historical research is wonderful. Rather, the idea of attributing certain positions to a literal and distorting them according to the writer&#39;s mood without looking at that we draw our religious information specifically and the foundations of the faith from the Qur’an and Sunnah. This in itself demolished the faith. When the narration tells the story of our master Moses in the manner of telling, knowing that the Qur’an has no details. And our Lord was able to see if he had been judged by his narration of the details of this was mentioned in the Qur’an. When Musa said, he married and had two sons and a girl. Note that the Qur’an and Sunnah did not mention in them that the Prophet followed any sons. And even the Bible mentioned that the Prophet Moses had sons. And that the Qur’an said that the descendants of Moses were only from his brother Aaron. And that the Torah is the only one who mentioned that Moses married and fathered two boys, knowing that she is a memoir of the biography of having a girl. This is a perversion, and in the event of Assiut, you are justified by the fact that you are preparing you, I write that he is behind two sons and a girl Your misrepresentation of religious truths will make me happy by opening the door for us to allow us to attribute what we want, and it remains for any prophet, on the pretext that we are imagining fiction writers. The position of mutilation of Sydney&#39;s body. You are justified that this is not the body of our master Joseph, and that this is Mordechai’s Jewish claim. Harmful scene. On the ground, God forbade the prophets ’existence, so how can we allow it to be distorted in its narration. It was forbidden by the text of a authentic hadith ... The sight of Pharaoh not drowning. The verse says, and we deliver you today with your body. It is intended in all interpretations that he showed the body of Pharaoh, and God commands the right to utter it to the beach so that Moses&#39; people can be assured that he is dead. Misrepresentation of truth based on the interpretation of the word hull, according to your interpretation of the cause of the scene. That this analysis of the word hull in the dictionary that Qaraoun Mach. This protects you from the truth. Imagine a complete scene of his death in Mount Thamud. The death of Moses and Aaron. Fabricated death. He did not come to the Qur&#39;an, the Sunnah, nor the biographies of the companions that Musa died by shaking his head. According to what I read, Aaron died after God told Moses that he would take Aaron&#39;s soul. So he took him to a mountain and found a house in which Aaron was impressed by his bed in the house. And God raised Aaron with him and raised the house. And bedding. The novel contains many facts that are known, and I consider this as a kind of distorting the facts, which is not very different from the idea of the novel by explaining that the Jews distorted many facts and concealed them. You did this indirectly. One of the reasons that this is the truth from your point of view. This is if you just write to yourself, but you talk to generations like that, it will keep playing with its brain. P religious foundations
Very weak. . The location of the hotel and the entrance to the hotel are very poor
I do not know exactly where the problem is, but I did not like the group, I skipped some of them, I did not like the attempts to write in symbolism that came very direct to a degree that I saw naive .. Maybe I was supposed to read it in the past, almost nothing stuck in my mind except the story of goodness and authority. But he reckons the diversity of its subjects
disappointing. The site has reciprocating buses. The service is very poor and there is no restaurant
Very weak. . There is no interest and comfort
Many times, one will walk on a path that is not convinced of it, but in strength or we might call it a curiosity that allows him to walk in it despite everything and despite his lack of conviction in the way. This is what happened to me tonight, that I do not want to complete, but in the absence of me complete. I was hoping it would be better, bigger and deeper than the heck. I do not know why his sensitivity is an Egyptian film, Shoufa with Egyptian Rotana. Although it is time to take it with me, it is not very different from the duration of showing a movie. I will not judge the writer, who will read more to him? Not always the experience and the first look right ..
I tried it once alone, the chicken wings had a bad smell, and we couldn’t eat them and pizza is less than other restaurants of the same class: Pizza Hut, Domino&#39;s, and Pizza that even the lesser restaurants work better than the meeting atmosphere to eat in the branch that we gathered, what encourages sitting. Its only advantage is that it is a Saudi employee, and their operator By delivery ,, I think this is the one who walks his market and the branches. No one sits in it. Summary / My experience decided that I would not return it with him
have a good trip . The place is beautiful, very clean, and its location close to the sea and the surrounding area is vital, whatever you want next to you. The coffee shop closes the clock at noon until five o&#39;clock, and it also closes the evening at night. I mean, if you need a box of water, you have to go to your car. The value is high. They have a buffet breakfast.
I never liked the novel ... The title attracted me and loved it a lot, but the content let me down because the story is boring despite the language being beautiful and the vocabulary is fun for the star. Disgusting ... the writer was distinguished by a dark outlook overshadowed by unjustified sadness and the tone that began with the story did not appeal to me .. I did not benefit anything from reading it ... rather I wasted my time unfortunately
The most beautiful thing about the novel is the division of seasons, because for each chapter a hero is made so show the whole scene ... with the eyes of all the characters, not the eyes of the hero alone. Describing love is fun and wonderful ... You do not feel it is a western novel of its words and consistent expressions. But do not intercede for her being Western. How wrong are the religions .... There is no need to mention them. Let&#39;s talk about the main idea in the novel:. If a person fasts the month of Ramadan as a whole in the name of God, and offers a sheep or antara every holiday, God will forgive him of sins, and if one strives throughout his life, he will perform the pilgrimage to the Sacred House of God in Makkah Al-Mukarramah. For love, what&#39;s the point of all this? Faith is just a word, if love is not in its essence, then it becomes loose, flabby, devoid of any life .... wonderful words that make you search beyond doing righteous deeds. The news of their two sons, Adam, was attributed to them in truth. Work alone does not prove anything, but the heart. God will not obtain its flesh or blood, but it will gain piety from you. We submitted to the work that they did, and we made it strewn. that simple . But the novel went much further. I do not care what is permissible and forbidden, for I prefer to put out the fire of Hell and burn Heaven so that people love God for the sake of pure love. To reach with the idea that the only thing that is clear is the heart. And your actions, whatever they are, do not harm if your heart is a special heart. This is what a lot awaits to place a deep picture. Half of the face is a veiled girl with a cigarette in her hand ... and the half is a girl without a headscarf and she has a Koran. Thank you. About Shams ... For me personally, I feel it is emotionally stressful to deal well with those who hate ... but the spiritual person ... who sees signs and messages of God ... does not have room for these feelings in his heart. Shams treatment with Meridi Rumi. And if you were rude, hard-hearted, shake out those around you. Our master Muhammad did not mistreat his enemies, especially the public. Nevertheless, he portrayed Shams as spiritual, to the point of abandoning his human nature. His treatment of Kimia. Moreover, he denied the fanatics their judgment on people, yet he sentenced me a lot. The first of them is Aladdin and the implantation of hostility between them from the first meeting
Weak. The location is good and the lobby is clean .. clean place is bad especially the bathroom.
A light book that is somewhat fun .. I liked the first part, the idea of the restaurant and the work of the blind in it and the way Professor Turki described his experience there .. I felt that I was there to experiment and taste the dishes. I liked the spirit of Muhannad for his faith, persistence, and four mortality, even though I knew most of the events of his story before. Unless I really like the style of the book in some paragraphs, there is a lot of repetition in using the same phrases and the same words and repeat the same sentences by changing the order of the words only. Also repeat evidence from Quranic verses or verses of poetry more than once. The topic of repetition bothered me and I think it weakened the text a little
Articles are mostly superficial, stereotypical and repetitive. In it the long is too much, and it is too short for flattening ... In general, we like you
disappointing. . Treating the inmate with sub-receptions
A book is an expansion of the hadith that says: Religion is advice. It talks about the pain that afflicts a person when he sees his closest relatives in a loss and a distance from religion immersed in sins and pleasures, and he cannot keep it away ... Simply, a very boring book, in which the author relied on a technique Expansion to multiply the number of pages without saying anything .. And it was dominated by unjustly repeating this in its linguistic composition, but its content, the idea is beautiful and successful, but not to the degree that the writer wants us to reach it only because it arrived fortunately it contains only a page Otherwise, when I continued reading it, I would not have read it if it had not been for my friend&#39;s suggestion on Goddreds. I do not recommend it.
The hotel is taking bigger than its size. My visit to the hotel is a shock by all standards. I will summarize the positives of the hotel first: the reception and valet parking is great. The negatives of the hotel: There is no free internet, and it costs a high dirham per day for a person per person. Facilities such as an aquarium and water park do not reach the level I expected. Wade is a smaller valley, but it is more beautiful and tidier. The towels are of the poor kind, the prices are overpriced for a night, and I will not repeat my visit to this hotel, which you only visit once in your life
Well, I did not like it at all. I only read pages and felt nauseous and did not complete them. Did the author think pornography brings in more readers? . I don&#39;t think I will read another for Yusef Zidan.
Only for the last moment and if no alternative is available. The calm. Poor Wi-Fi, the price does not include breakfast, the hotel location is not suitable
A book full of sadness .. with all sorts of sadness .. parting a friend..app..am..for losing a homeland..nostalgia..very simple..speaking is simple as well..it disturbed by repetition biting profusely like the ten fingers .. biting and swallowing. In any case, despite his simplicity, he raised the gloom ... I feel abstract ... I am only waiting for death ... and enough is enough. She said, &quot;How can we touch someone without feeling pain ... How can we be so hidden?&quot; If she had answered after asking her .... my death would be amazing. Come, my friend, we would paint the path leading to death, so my death would be amazing.. hug me. I am now the closest you think to death ... Thank you for the atmosphere of sadness that has engulfed me.
I often see quotes by Muhammad Al-Rattyan that draws him to him ... but it seems that I have not been successful in choosing the book ...:
disappointing. . Dirty extra bedspreads and brushes
A fairly good book. But it certainly cannot be considered as one of the best or one of the best travel books
The hotel lacks professionalism. . Unfortunately the hotel lacks professionalism and does not commit to booking through the reservation. The reservation was changed, but after contacts and complaints through the reservation, the reservation was reset after an hour. It is possible that the rooms are changed without returning to you.
Bad day at the hotel. . Dealing with employees is not two stars
Tieyeeyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
If you don&#39;t know your rights, you are simply forgiven. . I rented two rooms as an executive car for one night in one room for three days, and the family was in my company and was given two separate rooms and distant from each other and when I requested to provide two rooms connected with some I was transferred on the second day but unfortunately for rooms a lower level in terms of capabilities and services without informing me that the two rooms that were I transported her less in terms of services and less in the rental price of the two rooms that I paid for
An interesting book in drafting and poor in information ..
I have not, and I will not, continue reading it because of its thinness.
Unfortunately, I did not find anything that attracts me to complete his reading ... boredom and repetition in words and sentences without meaningful ... A start that is less than medium for Ahmad Hilmi .. I hope that if he wants to complete his writing works, he matures intellectually before putting them up to the evil.
Bad to the extent scientific and linguistically weak
The book is simple, with a smooth presentation, and I expected it the most beautiful, but I find it did not add the exciting new to its single meaningful outcome for the reader in my opinion ... a successful beginning for the writer Abdullah .. success.
I did not like much, as the significance is not clear. I think the significance is our definition of God’s mercy and the philosophy of creation, just as the simulations all attempted to show a deeper moral in it, but it betrayed him.
I never liked it. But it was important in its stage and is only daring. It reminds me of Haifa Wehbe when she opened the door to a huge amount of female singers. Likewise, Riyadh girls opened the portal to hundreds of bad novels that rely on audacity only, without the content of even high languages
It is two stars. This is the most recent:. If you talk about it, it attracted me. So, I would like to tell you, can your minds follow the school books and make the children love stupid reading. Because I told you before bed, you know tell it. . The fact that the story is written after making a respectable brain makes you write this. I would like to tell you that vaginal addiction clinics are available. . Third: Its end is not known to end it. What are you doing? Leave it open. Teaser and cuddle:. I love to tell you old. . Fourth in the end. It is forbidden for me the time I visited it. We thank you for your good reading
Weak. Proximity to tourist places. The location of the hotel took my search for the hotel approximately an hour. There is no clear entrance to the hotel. The smell of cigarettes in the hotel corridors. The treatment of reception staff is bad and there is no welcome fit for the guest. It is a lonely and unnatural calm. Lighting is inappropriate either outside the hotel or inside the hotel
I just wanted to tell you. Jerk your hands. In the forbidden ... not to shake your hands. In the right
In this novel, in particular, I wished that the end of the novel was that traditional end with a triumph of truth and justice, because I really suffered for the case of women in this story, because the novel was more realistic.
good . Situation. Some other apartments mired in the morning from the reception work and the reception was very dry
I liked the cover and attracted me to read it. But . The content is empty and words may be said to be closer to repeated. Among his pages, he will only pull you a phrase or two. I rushed to buy me a book. I do not recommend it
Initially, the novel was powerful with Khaled Tahaya, Imam and Khulud, and suddenly it moved to the Mamluk era without introductions, and this disturbed the elements of the novel in literature. It is also taken from her to show the Arab characters a bad appearance, such as Salih, whose smell was foul, smokes opium, the Jewish figure is a doctor, and the scientist who is still left? It touches on sadism, sodomy, and the love of one married woman. This serves the novel, as it answers the disgusting story and events. I am almost in the middle of the novel, feeling very bored, and I don&#39;t know it. Initial evaluation is a star, until I know the fullest novel. Its events can be interesting, but not boring
An experience that cannot be repeated. The location of the hotel is close to Dubai Mall. The whole hotel is Indians and the reception is disgustingly crowded
. The girls. There is no disco
disappointing. I liked the good reception, cleanliness and location a bit .. I didn&#39;t like the price of the hotel compared to its standard. I booked through the bookings, where he informed me that the total for nights is a dirham, for rooms, I confirmed the reservation and the amount was withdrawn from my account, but I was surprised when I arrived that the amount was only for one night and I explained my circumstances to the hotel officials, as well as the bookings that there is an error and they did not find a solution to me It forced me to find a replacement hotel after overnight only.
I did not like the book but I found some quotes that liked me:. Those we love do not die, and if all people go for real funerals, they just keep silent forever. The child walking barefoot in the camp does not only strip his feet, he strips the entire world of his humanity .. We are in love with those whom we cannot find a way. If you love a Palestinian, do not wear the red to him. He never wants to forget the form of blood or black. The black or white of it has flooded him, so the shrouds of the martyrs are dignified.
I was disappointed by the novel, even in its presentation of the events of the Lebanon war, not as I had expected from it, but rather the two stars in appreciation of the writer&#39;s effort and some influential stances.
This we have not seen from Yusef Zidan
disappointing. . The reception staff morals are bad and lie to you because of the money
A book that talks to oneself what you like to hear
disappointing. price.
The movie is more merciful than the novel Bktieyyyyyer
I loved Ghazi and from him I loved Naji, but I was not eager to read it.
disappointing. nothing. The hotel does not reflect the exterior appearance of the building and does not reflect the luli in the hotel The rooms are very small and inconvenience in the corridors and the adjacent rooms cannot sleep The service is very weak and very slow The price is very very exaggerated for the location and no services even the restaurant prices are exaggerated The breakfast in real is very regular breakfast
Frankly, I liked the one in the book more than the book itself
In my personal opinion, the book was very beautiful until the page. The narration was beautiful for a person who floundered in the problem of religion and psychological description was very good, but I saw that the next page blew everything up in the book. The story itself is one of them is afraid of engaging and then suddenly it falls in front of one of the verses and what I did not really like is how I considered all the thinkers and notions just empty words that have no significance, in addition to that you cannot summarize everything about them and say they are all doing this way. The first star for the beginning of the book page in the first. The second is to introduce me to great thinkers before, and to introduce me to the film as well
I see the future with two completely different eyes, if it is for Egypt or the rest of the Arab countries:. I hate pessimism about the future, perhaps its purpose was to warn ... but pessimism was the hero and story of the story:
An unsuccessful plane does not fly many types of plane, but this is a bad quality
Unfortunately the poems are meaningless, I did not complete it.
Ohaaaaah ... from the time of Maqrietesh, this is a novel of wildness
Residence distinguishes it near the campus only. The location of the market is below the chapel, knowing that it is the panoramic view, that is, outside the hotel’s effort. Breakfast is not in line with the hotel classification. The beds are not clean and their smell is bad.
There is nothing heavier in the balance of the believer on the Day of Resurrection than a good creation, and God Almighty hates obscene obscene .. The nations morals are not what remained, then they went their morals went
Beautiful with some notes. . Cleanliness is a clear thing in it .. One of the reception staff does not respect the sanctity of the place and its greatness. She put on makeup, laughs and joking with some colleagues and inmates, and this is forbidden by all Islamic schools of thought, unanimously. There is no restaurant and laundry services.
Ahmad Khaled Tawfiq simply exaggerates the method he uses and repeats it ... I find that his books are of the type of books that are trapped in the moment and which do not appear in your imagination. I read more than one satirical book for him and I still find all of them close and repeated
Below expected. I did not like anything. Without expected, the sandwich is very narrow, barely enough for one person, the road to the site is not paved, and the street is broken. The special card to open the door always crashes, I came back three times to reprogram it
This book gave more value than it was, and I was excited to read it based on the people&#39;s evaluation of it. The truth is that I have never enjoyed reading it, it is full of fools and is based on the sanctification of Sufi Dervishes and attributes of their extraordinary abilities to them. I don&#39;t think my mind believes such fools, so I couldn&#39;t enjoy reading it.
I do not recommend it. Treated receptionist only. The pictures on the site are not like reality at all .... it is closer to furnished apartments, breakfast is worse than expected
Screw you. The last part is shock, which is the weakest of all the parts, so one star is not a sign of anything but the novel was sub-standard and sub-expected. The writer never succeeded in imagining a surprising or shocking end in the style of police novels, and she stated in yesterday&#39;s narration that she dreams to write novels of this type .. the novel is supposed to complete the twins&#39; life.
Dirty hotel and no interest for paid value. nothing. The hotel is very dirty, the furniture is damaged, dirty, cut and burnt, the cupboard is broken, and the bathroom lighting is weak.
disappointing. . Breakfast is very bad. The alarm sounds all the time, annoying. The hallways are very dirty. Nobody cares to clean rooms
disappointing. . Provide the furniture and the lack of availability of the rooms with good towels, however you will be billed at checkout for the contents that were not originally available. Additional fees for Ain Khat. There is no free internet
My first handshake with the novelist Abdul Rahman Munif. My expectations for this great novelist were high. Unfortunately, I was disappointed; I was really disappointed, and a lot of boredom. Perhaps because it is a story collection? Plus I felt angry exploding in his texts and I mean all of his texts literally. I think it is better to read a fictional work for him.
I didn’t expect better
Neither he is grandfather nor his blood is light
It was enough for Professor Muhammad Jalal to send a booth a copy of the book to Louis Awad, then correct the book and publish it for the year instead of directing his speech more than one page to the same person without boredom. The book is good in its content, it is bad in the style in which it was formulated, and it is not faultless except that you feel from the first page of the book that you are about to fall into quarrels regarding the severity of the style and the fierce attack on Louis Awad ...
Disappointing .. the novel lacks taste.
It is absurd in writing and does not reflect the ability of Naguib Mahfouz, who starred in the trilogy. He could have used the L style with the general context of the novel.
Do not read this book. The name caught me tight and I expected something with a parallel inside to fix the hearts. But it came too superficially closer to construction with no content. Plus, it is of a quality that expires after years of reading. It talks about the American invasion and the events of the first intifada ... etc. This is another mistake that should not have been made in the transmission of the book from television, so it was. The duty to delete those unimportant events currently. . .
From Alaa Al-Aswany’s books to Ahmed Murad’s books The State of Reading Fashion in the Arab World .. February at the Book Fair in Cairo .. The seventh edition of the novel appears in the Sunrise Library. Alaa Al-Aswany&#39;s propaganda and his reputation led everyone to compete on the mountain of copies of the book .. The novel in its entirety is a sexual novel, ill fantasies and perversions of characters. Sexual stuffing is not important to the events .. The novel is good for embodying the situation of Egyptians in America only
A traveler from Qatar. I only like the positions. Price difference from the site by taking taxes and the hotel is bad in terms of services, furniture and hygiene
I was not comfortable with my stay and the service was poor. The location is close to the sea. Services provided, prices and time of check-out
Toilets are not clean. nothing. The carpets and toilets are not clean
A lot of shower and details that are not connected or meaningful .. Had it not been for the movie, I would have stared out ..
Whoever reads Sophia after reading the ceiling of sufficiency notices a decline in the level of words, structures and analogies, unlike the richness that was present in the ceiling of sufficiency and Alwan falls again in the dilemma of the scarcity of events. The novel could be summarized in ten pages. Sequenced very unexpectedly. The writer is concerned with insulting the divine self in many words that were forcibly trapped in the text .. The writer managed to portray the unusual and monotheistic character of the hero.
disappointing. . Services are bad
A loyal loyal to every expatriate who has been absent from his homeland ... You are the ambassador of your religion and your country .. Do not forget your origin .. May God protect you
Yes, its price in Bucking is very cheap, but its services do not rise to the name of a hotel. . The style of some reception staff and their lies and workers knocking on the door room annoyingly and provocatively as if you are in the industrial, as well as not being familiar with dealing with the reservation long time to meet my reservation and I give them the number and the message of booking, in addition I do not know why the hotel classified three stars? There is nothing to suggest this thing
Book winning novel. I don&#39;t know the defect from me, nor who exactly is it ... The first movement I liked ... the second one was boring ... and I failed until I completed the next one. Frankly, I am unable to click on myself to complete it, and I do not want. The novels were used to read them and you are happy, and you are not pressing yourself to complete them. She does not see it is worthy of poker
Weak. . Who did not like the voices of fans and motors that work all night, the windows are overlooking the natural air, but are closed from the outside with tinplate, the last time I go out and advise others
A quarter of a star.
Weak. . Poor service and poor service delivery
A constitution that has a sweet shape from its righteousness, but Mlyn Khwazeeq ... Aayyam&#39;s words and constructional methods ... Most of the materials can be excluded by law .... And not in the interest in education and not the educated .... The supervisory and independent bodies whose heads are appointed by decision of Morsi. .. Insistence on gathering religion and public morals in the constitution .... There is no distinct need and what you do not forget is that those who work for it are people who are not out of the heat of the revolution and know that it is in the nations and it is necessary to install a missile if you want to move forward. A constitution that is coarse and poached ... most of the words suggest that those who are treated by Nawiya people are harassing positions and their hands are gently grabbing the country. Omar, this was not the one constitution that he hoped for .... The issue is not difficult. We are working on a constitution worthy of the revolution in Egypt ... A defective constitution that arises from the country of the only need that has not deteriorated during a year of totalitarian rule ... are the human resources and Egyptian minds Whoever is the world&#39;s financier and the header of Egypt and its supervisors everywhere it has come ... is a need for disgust. The Constitution of Egypt: The workers and peasants are represented in this council by no less than fifty percent of. The number of its members ..... and those with higher qualifications represent a percentage of no less than fifty percent of the number of its members ... its money is not the formula de ... a defect and God is the one who wrote this .... and it means assuming that all of Egypt are workers and peasants ... When you answer people who are doctors and higher qualifications, I mean, they will not know to defend the rights of workers and peasants ... Where did the respect for science and scholars remain? . Old words at a time when this talk is fresh and what does not allow this speech ... Power is a power of knowledge in this age. Egypt&#39;s Constitution: The principles of Islamic Sharia include its overall evidence, its fundamental and juristic rules. And its sources, in the doctrines of the Sunnis and the community. Who determines these sources? ..Whoever said that the fundamental and jurisprudential rules are correct and not subject to change ... And who said that people&#39;s interpretation of this is true .... and no, because there is no need for you to say a religion, people will say amen. The Constitution of Egypt: In all cases, the House of Representatives and the Shura Council discuss the request to amend the constitution within thirty. Days from the date it was received, and each council issues its decision accepting the amendment request, in whole or in part. By the majority of its members. Noaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ....... Egypt&#39;s constitution, our Lord, conceals: It is not permissible to appeal the results. Final referendums or presidential elections after they were announced .... urgently. The Constitution of Egypt: The representation of workers and peasants must not be less than fifty percent of the members. The Economic and Social Council ... These words were from the days when Egypt was all workers and farmers ... Sabah Al-Fil. The Constitution of Egypt: The police is a regular civil body, its supreme president and the president of the republic performs its duty in. Serving the people, and their loyalty to the constitution and the law, and they are responsible for maintaining order, security, and public morals ... which is what they mean and who will determine them ... Oh uncle, you will write laws and tell the police to work on implementing these laws..Each of these loopholes is possible through which any need is passed Or justify for any need. The Constitution of Egypt: A civilian may not be tried before a military court except for crimes that harm the forces. Armed; The military trial is not a trial at all ..... this is a misfortune of Souda, and it falls on the brain of one ... One stands for Qasad, one soldier wakes up on charges and issued a verdict ... like the Revolutionary Courts like this. The Constitution of Egypt: Election of the People’s Assembly is concerned with ending the regime… and I would not consider it a draft law from the President ??? . The Constitution of Egypt: Whoever is appointed head of the Council of Ministers or a member of the government must be Egyptian. Enjoying his civil and political rights, at least thirty years of age AD. He must not have acquired the citizenship of another country and did not relinquish it within a year of reaching the age of one. Eighteenth .. God is the atmosphere of the second nationality, this is the purity of the element. This is a shame that it is degraded in the constitution of a country in this time. The Constitution of Egypt: The President of the Republic has the right to pardon or reduce the sentence ..... what is left ... one means the judiciary has a ruling on it .... you who mean to reduce or forgive the ruling ... a blatant attack on the prestige of the judiciary and the foundations of justice . The Constitution of Egypt: The President of the Republic is the supreme commander of the armed forces. He does not declare war, nor send. The armed forces are out of the country, except after taking the opinion of the National Defense Council and approval. The House of Representatives has a majority of the number of members ..... of course, it does not agree .. I mean, Jay is in trivial needs, and you say there is a need for the approval of the two talents .. And here, Jay, you say in the water ... this is because any current that takes more than the text wears us ... Because it is assumed that the two talents and the two councils remain, and I object to the presence of the Shura Council in the first place. The Constitution of Egypt: Whoever nominates as President of the Republic must be Egyptian from Egyptian parents, and not. He has acquired the nationality of another country, and shall enjoy his civil and political rights, or not. He shall be married to a non-Egyptian ... This is what remains for the one who sees himself. May he benefit the country in the position? This must be taken and his decision made from his colleagues .... It is possible by what is generated by his righteousness and naturalization at all. Okay, and if one love is not Egyptian ... she spreads with her so she does not know ... I pray that I intend to run for the presidency. What is a candidate running for office? And we decide ... young, no. The Constitution of Egypt: If the Council decides to withdraw confidence from the Prime Minister, or from one of the ministers. The government announced its solidarity with him before the vote, and the government must submit its resignation ... why does that mean ??? . The Constitution of Egypt: A candidate for membership in the House of Representatives must be Egyptian, enjoying his rights. Civil and political, with a certificate of completion of basic education, at least .... basic education ... you learners, you are in schools. The Constitution of Egypt: Upon assuming the position of Speaker, or Speaker of the Shura Council, The republic temporarily, the oldest attorneys will assume the presidency of the council for that period. ? As if they did not vote, as they did in the case of vacancy for any reason. Egypt&#39;s Constitution: The law guarantees the financially incompetent the means of recourse to the judiciary, and the defense before it. About their rights. ??? Well, I don’t know money, and I don’t know how to defend myself ... I want to defend the state’s attorney, appoint me to defend me from the tax money I pay to pay you. Egypt&#39;s Constitution: There is no punishment except for actions that follow the date the law came into force ??? . The Constitution of Egypt: A peaceful strike is a right, and regulated by law. ???? Regulated by law, how does that mean? Egypt&#39;s Constitution: Freedom of scientific research is guaranteed. Universities, scientific and linguistic complexes and centers. Scientific research is independent, and the state allocates a sufficient percentage of it to the national product. ???? Guaranteed ???? .... No, Sheikh .. Cut your goodness and God ....... This is supposed to be the state&#39;s commitment to its development and development .... and enough, this remains your mother. . The Constitution of Egypt: The state promotes science, arts and literature, and sponsors the creators and inventors, and protects them. Their creativity and innovation, and working to implement them for the benefit of society ???? Who determines the interest of society? The Constitution of Egypt: The state guarantees the freedom to practice religious rites and establish places of worship for religions. Heavenly ???????????. Ok, and the other Egyptians ???? Second degree. All articles are cattle by law: rights are guaranteed, and every need is ..... except by law ... so you will ask me for anything as long as every need like that has an exception by law. Egypt&#39;s Constitution: Nationalization is permissible only for considerations of the public good ??? . Egypt&#39;s Constitution: Private property is inviolable. It performs its social function; it is expropriated only for the benefit. General, and in exchange for a fair compensation paid in advance. ???? . Egypt&#39;s Constitution: It works on. Arabization of education, science and knowledge. ???? . The Constitution of Egypt: The state and society are keen to adhere to the authentic nature of the Egyptian family ???????
Weak. Air conditioning in the room. The reception is poor level and upon my arrival he told me that there is no room identical to your reservation at the site and we will have to give you another room and choose a room I expect it is deserted from a long and incomplete period I had to ask to change the room and he waited for me two hours but for the price and get five stars it must be the opposite and more that distinguishes him The site knowing that it is not the first time at this hotel, but many things have changed in terms of service
After all this literary and praise momentum against Professor Yahya Hakki, I read a narrative set with this how bad and random that is less than the level of a novice writer had it not been for the book to contain the story of the kohl stealer when I did not intend to evaluate the book even ... yet it is a story no more than to be Good one
The phrase I liked about this novel was the last comment in it: This novel is pure rotten imagination
The worst. the breakfast. The staff did not respond to any request, God willing, it was impossible to live in the hotel a second time. The driver refused to transfer to the campus, on the pretext of closing the roads to the campus.
The idea of the book, which is dialogue, is an idea that is more than wonderful, taking the reader to turn events so much that he imagines the events as if he witnessed them. Especially the last chapter, where the death of the master of creation, Muhammad, upon him, the best of peace and blessings and peace be upon him, is not possible unless you are tearful and you are reading it, because the scene is presented in front of you in every detail through a dialogue written with great professionalism. However, the book&#39;s flaw is that it conveys some sensitive events that need to be conveyed with great care and detail because they are thorny subjects, and the book conveys them with the same simplicity. The result is that, for example, the issue of the costume of the Shura between our Prophet and his companions is transmitted in a way that is understood to be weakness in opinion and God forbid by our Prophet, and for this he sought refuge with others. Likewise, Mrs. Aisha, may God be pleased with her, appears in the form of a very jealous woman. The book touched this aspect exclusively on more than one occasion and did not address her true personality as one of the believers’s women .. Once again the book is a genius idea and an easy style, but he needed some scrutiny to take into account different ages And races and mentalities as possible.
The book is a compilation of articles and studies by the author on the Muslim Brotherhood ... I agree with some of what came in it and reject others ... Perhaps the worst thing that I met in the book is a study of the brotherhood predecessor that I read before in a series of observatories ... and the study related to With the Brotherhood and jihad ... I have a real problem with the terminology of Wahhabism and polarity ... And on the whole the book will be useful within the collection of books that talk about the Brotherhood to monitor the reasons for the group&#39;s transition to what it is now
Well-known general advice, tired of repeating it. I did not feel that the book addressed me most of the time I read it. I think it is very easy to write such books. I was fond of earlier times about the quality of these books, but now I am exactly the opposite
A very simple novel, I liked the idea that it tells a story in the corridors of the psychological clinic, its style is smooth and inexpensive:
disappointing. Far and not comfortable, you feel in an apartment in terms of furniture.
From the beginning, the title has nothing to do with the topic of the book: The title gave me an indication that the book analyzes the personalities of all those close to Muhammad Ali and their role in the achievements that Muhammad Ali made, whether militarily or economically ... But the introduction took from her the idea that the book will present the period of Muhammad Ali&#39;s rule through his army Who will work as a background on the rest of the ruling, and this will be through the base of the Egyptian soldiers and their sense of any forced recruitment, besides he will ignore mentioning Muhammad Ali as much as possible because of my hand an objective picture of the events and to avoid the methods of presenting the two previous to the history of Muhammad Ali who was the focus of it, but the book contains any of What is mentioned in the introduction: Fa The focus was only on Ibrahim Pasha, Suleiman Pasha, Clute Bey, and their role in the wars of Muhammad Ali, and for the soldiers in most cases the focus was only on attempts to escape from recruitment without describing any feelings of soldiers during camps, travel, wars, their positions, or whatever related to them, on the pretext that all of them They were illiterate, and most of the evidence the author used was correspondence between Muhammad Ali and his son Ibrahim ... The impression I felt was that the author wanted to communicate it that Muhammad Ali was a dictator and he was corrupt and he was only working for his personal interest, knowing that this is my point of view in fact and before I read the book Years, but without any objectivity to change Yale using only some messages Besp Elly where Muhammad Ali Egyptians. The writer is very different from Madhi Muhammad Ali in their exaggerated praise of the man, but he was from his family in the same manner ...
The introduction is sufficient for this book
Weak. . Unfortunately not clean. Low services.
Not worthy of the stars. . Staff performance is poor despite good treatment. Lack of services provided. Weak hills. Delays in logging in. Hours due to room cleaning. Entertainment services provided. Billiards inside the nightclub, which does not allow for less than a year to be inside and also families who refuse to enter such places.
Crooks we did not actually stay in this hotel, however they collected the full room rate for two nights from my credit card even though I sent them via email exactly one day before the arrival date explaining to them that there was a problem with the room we needed to Double room with two beds, not double room with one bed. They never answered the many emails I sent about changing the room. After a few days I decided to call them and when I did they asked me to call again as they still do not know. I called again later and told me that they couldn&#39;t help me. I canceled the room reservation by email the next day as I mentioned in my letter that their suggestion that two men share one bed was inappropriate. I canceled the reservation by e-mail a day before the date of arrival, and the hotel replied to us with an email for the first time explaining that they had collected the amount of euros from my card because of the late cancellation as I did not give them a notice of cancellation two days before the arrival date. Although I protested that I notified them one day before the date of arrival that I wanted to change the room. I found this to be a very fraudulent way of doing their work, and I am surprised that the credit card issuing company allows companies operating with this type of suspicious practice to maintain credit card services. We are currently discussing this amount with the credit card company and we have all correspondence related to this reservation.
Enjoyable and comfortable in all respects. Yeah. Everything is excellent and wonderful
By God, had it not been for my great love for Dr. Ghazi Al-Qossabi and my old awareness of his poems, I would not have finished reading the book. An account of the details of memories loaded with objectivity and lack of necessary depth in the introspection of the distinguished personalities whom his position allowed him to meet. Perhaps it is diplomatic caution that has curbed interesting literary transmission ... the bottom line. The important thing ... do not read it
My sense of the first five pages of the novel was interesting ... a strange name ... a realistic story interspersed with a romantic story, an intellectual connection, and a strange coincidence, but it is not far and a smooth link between the characters of the novel made me predict its sweetness .... In its text, I began to feel an old Egyptian movie and A story about its end ..... Unfortunately, in the end, I discovered that I was watching an Indian movie that lasted for at least five hours ....
Close proximity to Dubai. Location. The staff is so weak that upon departure I was asked to pay the value of water from the minibar and I did not use it. The furniture is old and dirty. The furniture is old and the faucets are broken.
Come on, Omar Taher, better than you
To be fair, the novel did not appeal to me at all and is considered the longest novel I have ever read despite my few pages, but it is still for three years and now I have decided to finish it. The novel records the widow&#39;s old diary who falls in love with a half-life girl and tells about his diaries, his friends and the reality of life in that period. But the writer his narrative style is fun and beautiful, but in this novel he was not that high or maybe I could not accept the character of the main hero of this work. Sorry Mario, your deeds were well received, but I did not succeed this time
A family recreation trip. Beach views. Bad dealing. The internet is weak and the dropper occupy it. They have less than average food. There are no condoms between rooms. There is no room heating.
I mean, the book is not a monster .. but in my advice I am convinced that it is very important .. And in my advice they already knew it .. and in very few advice you helped me .. but I do not think that hooks can wink in the way this .. because each one has her personality and her path meets the other text that loves her personality de With its faults and advantages .. It is assumed that it deals in its nature very automatically and not according to the advice of her service from a book .. Because at some time her path is revealed that she is not in the nature of her .. This is my humble opinion:
disappointing. The pool and the calm surrounding area. The participation of each two rooms in the air conditioning, it grew without air conditioning because the room next to us had an air conditioner control and the inmate turned off the air conditioning at the end of the night
Czech novelist Milan Kundera was once asked: What is your definition of a good novel? He replied: That is when you finish reading the last page of it, the first page is still present in your memory. Well, on the Kundera scale, I can say: This is the second worst novel I read so that there is always a place for the worst. For me, after I finish reading it, I do not remember the first or last page, not even any page of this novel.
Weak. There is no. Eating, staff
disappointing. . Room cleanliness
Not all that glitters is gold . The closeness to restaurants and markets. The closeness to the circular .. The lack of commitment to delivery to and from the Sacred House. The lack of commitment to cleanliness. Saudi Arabia: Prices are overrated for the service provided.
The novel would be acceptable if the writer abandoned the teenager who was overwhelmed by you. The idea is repeated, ie yes, but what is the harm in regenerating the plow. The novel would be good had it not been overshadowed by the Playstation style
Narrow rooms and bathrooms, more narrow, no service, carrying bags, and no waiter at the door of the hotel. Breakfast is poor. Sometimes, the bread is old and far from the beginning of the Exodus St..
I spent a failed night in this hotel. nothing. The lack of positions and the price is high compared to the provided service and does not deserve a single star
This novel only persuades children
Lunch outside the hotel was the most beautiful. Location, beach, spa staff. Plenty of flies in the restaurant, lack of food, bad meat, shampoo and soap in the health club requires pre-order before entering, and towels are often not present, there is no service on the beach, the only restaurant staff in the hotel treated them very badly
disappointing. I didn&#39;t like something at the hotel.
The book is a philosophical view of the purpose of life and the position of humans in it in a very emotional way. He mentions many verses and interpretations of Sufis for her and verses for them. For example, the following verses: Take off your shoes, you are rolling the holy valley. The author mentions the mystical interpretation of the verse: the two shoes are the soul and the body, i.e. get rid of all the ties to this life and strip and take off from the soul and the body ... the thing is intresting is that some of the Sufi opinions that I read here or Mustafa Mahmoud wrote or even wrote again, once close to the teachings of yoga. Some of the words mentioned here reminded me of Elizabeth Gilbert&#39;s words in a book. . When it was in the temples of India .. Things like that a person separates from himself and swims in nothing and unites himself with the energy of the universe causing its formation and the human being is everything and at the same time nothing and I do not know what .. The topic does not interest me a lot, but I am intersted there is a relationship between the Sufis Eastern religions? . In general, the book did not like many. Dr. Mustafa&#39;s thoughts are often repeated in his books. I expect this is my last book to read.
An experience I regretted from the first moment. . Unfortunately, the photos, information, and amounts on the program were never correct, so the number of beds was a disappointing experience
Two and a half stars at most. Not a bad book, but it made me bored and it took a lot of patience to finish it in an effort to eliminate the habit of not completing books that I dislike. It is certain that my ignorance of the cinema and the political and real battles that took place at that time affected my vision of the book, as it lists many names, whether they are directors, artists, politicians, actors, or just ordinary people. I have always wondered about the feeling of the famous person coming out of the limousine amid the cries of thousands, and I appreciated that there must be a poet of loneliness and a bit of falsehood in his own mind, no matter how delighted this scene. Perhaps that is why I ventured so long to read this autobiography at the expense of hundreds of books that I long for. In his diaries, I found something similar that I expected. I don’t know whether or not someone’s diary needs to be interesting. But it seemed clear to me that the first sections of the book are much more beautiful than the last and that they are deeper on the psychological level while the remaining sections were stuffed, stuffed with names and political positions. Does poverty make one more compassionate? And does super-rich restrict its owner&#39;s freedom on social occasions and keep him prey to anxiety and fear for his wealth and popularity? I expect appearances and sparkle of fame to have somewhat lost the writer&#39;s aesthetic himself. This is how I felt after I finished the book. Charlie Chaplin is not that perfect that I had imagined. Although I appreciate his great suffering in his childhood, there remains one thing that I do not know how to describe. I did not fully like it in its printing and talking about people.
The writer presents an analysis that also holds his view on the issue of women, different concepts and vision ... I agreed with him on some of the ideas and differed on others .... a good book ..
Very weak. nothing. All services have been paid in cash and the lowest value from the website
I don&#39;t want to be prejudiced. He wants to say a specific need, what is this ??? I thought its meaning in the belly of the poet. I hope to read it at some other time and I will be quieter than now
Prolonging the description does not have much difference between Azazel and this boring novel
I have no knowledge of the program except what is being transmitted. But the book is light. Nice. The basic style of the book is the comparison between the two cultures .. I think it would have been more effective if it was sufficient to list / describe the situation there, and leave the comparison to the reader to do his share of thinking .. Um, I very much wish that there would be some light about the Muslim community in Japan. As a way to highlight the idea of a Japanese culture meeting with Islam. The book is nice.
After the book “The Land of God” was concluded by Ahmed Murad, the fifth book, respectively, I read all his novels except the dust of diamonds .. by asking myself, is this really Murad? And no, I bought a hit version, and no, what? .. messing up jaamda. .. Ok, let me take the book comfortably ... The novel The Land of God in the sense of Egypt ... The land of God is Egypt .. Let me think of all events and burn the novel so that I need to clarify it .. Serious .. The novel started with a part about the discovery of the tomb of the Pharaonic King Tutankhamun, and on it .. papyrus was stolen that was located next to the mummy of the king, and clarified what is the papyrus de, but he started to tell us .. but you know .. you will find the situation explained at the end of the novel, for I am saying that the first part of this is not necessary ..But it helps you to read, I don’t want more ... like ... to me, I can’t imagine that the man is on the cover because he’s not riding in my brain. P. And tell him why, the important thing .. Like the priest in the temple of the seven chapters, he discovers that the High Priest Maniton was killed and finds that a certain person was killed by the temple because this was clear from the open door and that there was no resistance, because the priest was sure The person coming to him to kill him .. The important thing is that Kai discovers that the priest was a sign and he saw numbers, but he did not know what their significance was, but he also discovered that the papyri had been stolen from the temple, the papyri until the priest used to translate it, and into it the story of our master Musa complete, and begins Kai remained on to kill and steal the papyri, and he knew two dimensions later that Mordecai the Jew, wanted to distort the Torah and To date and write a new Torah, but he had to get rid of the old one and the priest, he and a group of Jews with him. He estimated that he and Glory be to God how could Kay according to the specifications that he is weak and that he could survive from all that he got, first Mordecai struck him with a spear and threw it In the swamps, he managed to survive, with the help of a doctor, to keep Abu Nadia, the girl, to help him. The length of the novel and there is no reason why it is with him even and he does not know it, nor does she know it, but is it because our uncle Murad wants a female character in the text that softens the atmosphere .... At the moment I imagined it, Ghada Adel ... We have nothing to do and because I am very frail because the dog attacked Kai and the Jewish person, as well as a need and could live in the other .. So this does not understand the issue. And no uncle is aware of the way to the envelope of this case. Ok, this is almost the story of Kai and Nadia ... Nadia ... I swear to God, Al-Nisbali, a personality who is not surprising, nor is any of the two required in the mother of the novel, why uncle Murad? I did not need it seriously, but there is nothing wrong with science ... He was not in such a scene that this was like the first thing to join the temple, I interpreted from him as for his village that Kai da and I did not find him castrated and I am surprised at the end of the novel that it was not so ... Originally, whether this or not, this in itself is a stupid detail, not the necessary marvel, it is assumed that the story is centered around the message of Kay and the papyri to him with the assumed translation and honesty to his predecessors. To the workers who aspires to it, what was left of Nadia and her arbitrary boyfriend in the text? And in amazing need. The narrator in the novel, either Kai, who translates the Maniton papyri, or the events to happen in the pursuit of the Kai titles. He lived with him and without without without. After this text of the novel, or more about the story of our master Moses .. Oh God, there is no objection that you write a story that we all know, whether Jews, Christians, Muslims, or even atheists, ask forgiveness of God, but to the extent that it is not understood that in distorting a little or some strange details, I did not know the truth that our master Moussa lived in the time of Ahmose, Kamis and Sakan, a shepherd, and I did not know that our master Moses was killed and many needs. I was afraid to mistake Ahmed Murad, uh, writing it .. Clear . And I liked the method. I wanted Murat, who is not boring at all .. Pharaoh is bug .. Description To the cover, as far as I know, is Pharaoh ... How does it work? This is more beautiful than being a pharaoh, uh, and God is always a pharaoh in Nebali. Its form is not so pure ..:. But, in my view, the great mistake that Murad committed was that he said that the sculpted statues in the temples are for angels .. I ask God’s forgiveness, no, and also pictures of the shape of the angels in the part to the words of our master Moses, his Lord at the mountain, pictures of the angels that they have animal heads or birds .. whatever It was a mistake, so it was a crime. The language ... is very sweet. And I say that the book is based on research, it remains very great and I respect it. But what are you trying not to do with the Baqa movie? I liked the personality of Rachel and the wife of Pharaoh Akyid .. I liked the end of Mordecai, because he deserves, unlike the end of Kai, it was very bleak. You&#39;d better expect. But it is sweet in general ... the land of the god to which she was brought to Egypt. . The music I liked frankly ...: //. . / = .... And finally, I liked a story like this from the novel. I liked it ... Continue, Mourad. I am looking forward to the best .. Because you are a writer who respects frankly, but I will consider myself to see this story ... From the page of Ahmed Mourad ... Kareem Ashraf :
Swalif. This was supposed to be my first reading and to return to it before Ramadan, but ..:
And Arabians..and Arabs .. An Arabic novel with a reputation full of linguistic massacres. Fatal spelling mistakes, a very poor style, and a shallow narration .. Perhaps it carries in its content a message you want to convey, but not in this reckless way. Many of the events were reported poorly. The narrator had to use a stronger and more eloquent linguistic style and the events had to be described as the most beautiful .. as if it were a novel for children.
They give the room more than one customer. . The carpet was not clean and the elevators did not sweep unstructured and waiting about minutes. The tragedy is that after I took the room, the hotel gave my room to a second customer with a mistake and Jana entered us into the room.
This is written in a blog or on Facebook. It is like a book of impossibility
This review of the novel as a whole, and not just the separation for which the successful Egyptian government fully described the descriptions of his fame, was the imprisonment of the accomplished, profound novelist. A rotten novel and a dirty dystopia in which the author confused every abnormal and indecent act that extracted him from important literary and artistic works that passed on him in addition to his abnormal experiences to produce his novel. Dirty use. Then a person turned to her who did not find what he would do except to do a case to be famous for this pus after the arbitrary ruling on this writer, to become a martyr of freedom in a country that witnesses the threat of cultural, cultural, and ethical origin. And as if the judiciary succeeded in eliminating terrorism and achieving absolute justice, what remains for it is that the world chases the creative and empty de. But where is creativity? The creative author, even if he is influenced by an author or a film director, his work does not always bear his fingerprint. While this preoccupation brought about attempts of unsuccessful imitation in sex from the fingerprints of Haruki, Kafka, David Lynch and David Cronberg with the incorporation of the prevalent type of novels such as dystopia on conspiracy theory to creatively vomit this vomit. Before I start the review, I must admit that I feel remorse that I started the review of one chapter, which led to a denunciation and request of the review of the whole novel. Forced I had to complete this absurdity, and I do not think that the review will be respectable enough ... If you come across this absurdity, you will feel that this is your natural reaction. I was correct, the whole story is filth and a depth claim, but one of the fellow members here objected to Mustafa Suleiman and demanded that I write a review about a whole novel and not about one chapter because it is the fundamentals or not. It follows the origins. And he has the ability to follow nonsense that he does not like to the end sometimes .. but like many I did not want to continue drinking a cup of water, to be sure it is sewage. I was right. Although I do not like to comment on such things, there are millions of Arabic and foreign books full of this one can curs, curse and criticize all this, this even is not the type of my reading so I do not write except on what concerns me ... Perhaps you consider that one of the review books is not less than Unfortunately, who filed a case, and unfortunately made the matter public, I am really guilty of this. I would have gone through the honor, as usual, but one thing stopped me in the dirty chapter published by the solidarity websites. He believes that what was written by this deep is clearer than what Diwan offers from sales novels, while it is bad literature, so I decided to see what this high literature provides for the survivor. The difference between it and the rest of the successful novels, although I do not consider it a novel that is merely a masturbation author to present the story of a person who is soft, obsessive and sexually suppressed, who has terrible eating in his reproductive and anal organs to the point that he produces pus from them on paper that was printed and published. Sorry again, but if you could read the novel, you will understand that this line is truly despicable. I will not blame Ahmed Naji for the same person, what is enough for him is enough, he admonishes his pen and who took out all of this waste from his brain with a failed attempt to make depth, but the biggest blame is on the failed judicial bullying that rules one of those who put their minds out on paper despite the fact that This has become truly widespread to become this survivor, a martyr of freedom of thought ??? ?. Do you think I would count it as an erotica? I originally thought it was an erotica novel. We used to say that it is a kind of art spread outside and the man tries to express a libertarian, but it is really famous filthy literary works. What rotten story is left? Just a sexual obsessive in a Cairo dystopia after he destroyed it more with a hint that destruction is a setback in a clear symbol, and Cairo criticizes even before the destruction that it is a sexual obsession and describes all its abnormalities and cuckolds and homosexual in a cheap manner as a method ............ Use Pronunciation of the names in the chapters of his novel. Then depth and fabricates criticism of some attempts by environmental scientists to green the earth and make fun of them may have a point of view, but it remains a description of all those trying to save the environment with the modernists. Another definition of it is this hero of the novel, of course, and not the wonderful writer of this hero, the chick. His anomalous description of Cairo&#39;s sexual life is supplemented in a way that mimics the sexual style such as Kafka&#39;s novel on the beach and is strongly influenced by the author ... but here it occupies more than one novel and increases it in an abnormal and filthy way and vernacular exudes .............. .... then begins after a third of the trivial book in his story in the form of a random documentary fantasy Surreal environment. Hebla’s idea of a large organization that wants to change the features of Cairo, Mason’s organization from the other, and changing the course of the Nile because of the population density and a more stupid idea of the death of deep deep music, meaning with some deep margins and the dreaded surreal comics and his description of the sexually irritable youth as well as the peso who has been actually masturbating in all seasons The novel and the author&#39;s profound definition of veiled girls, elderly brothers, and the emancipated girl herself were not spared from Ahmed Nagy al-Fekri&#39;s pus. Until the deep hero searches for the origin of the name of Egypt, the underground paradise, and the sick cinema scene, which indicates that this irritable young man actually witnessed a lot in his life, or perhaps was influenced by the scene of Jack Nicholson in the cinema in a famous movie recently for him, and he weaved a dirty scene around him to complete his intellectual pus. It is also evident that he was influenced by famous surreal films and tries to emulate him in his dirty style, so you will find someone who sleeps with the printing of the eighties, such as the famous philosophical video of Bodrum. Ali spoke to me of his linguistic prowess. And here comes the vulgar word, an excuse for those who may still see that the vulgarity in the word is not desirable to read, so do not read the following quote from the novel. What do young people in their twenties do in Cairo? Does he pupate the eye, licks the cough, sucks zipper, licks dirt, and inhales cannabis mixed with ointment? And for how long will any of these fascist actions be exciting and renewed, stimulating for life? Sitting now in this room, they tried a lot of drugs in their youth at the university level and after it, but here are separate islands at the same time they have no meaning for their days other than meeting together, we live here to absorb joy from each other .. Look at formation, see the perfect language. Is it all the chapters? I think licking will increase after this verdict. Lick of fame of course. Take many side notes, making the depth like translating the hangover, like a headache of wine, with a deep false lying on it .. Even if it includes real information, you find it written in a boring, boring concave shape, unlike many and many trivial notes. Then he began to pay attention and make the depth to complete the conversation about the new builders in depicting the mason in a grotesque concave style difficult to focus on, but this was what this manufacturer wanted to say from the beginning about Cairo architecture and changing the path of Cairo and humanity and construction from the first and new and the role of the Masons in the form of many accounts that talked about Conspiracy theory from Umberto Eco to Dan Brown to Munther Al-Qabbani and all the conspiracy theories read by the genius author about Masons and even Foucault and organizations that will change the world and cities and genetics and prevent music as the peso says and put it in his novel without anything new except that it makes it spin in the cast The city, which curses and curses its people almost all the time, nevertheless feels sad that the organization wants to destroy it in the end. Dystopia Hebla, a girl of seventeen years old, published the best of it, and sold it in Diwan, under a heading. . This is what you do not like, although you copied it and imitated many others with the addition of your homosexual, irritable experiences. The author, as I said, decided to put every dirty and dirty man out of important literary and artistic works to put their dirt in his account. Dirty use. The use of dirt was also his description from the beginning to the end ... and the insertion of a line from the Book of Genesis in the comics of Abit and the intercalations that brought it in a safe and secure manner at the end of the sexual intellectual pus that he wrote. And based on the idea of the chapter that I was writing about, the sixth chapter did not appear on the fifth. Thank you, Mustafa Suleiman, forcing me to read so that the review is not merely a crime against the survivor. In this chapter in which I saw the author&#39;s hatred in one of the lines regarding his criticism of foreign novels that have been achieved, it is surprising that it mirrored sales and people like to read them in the events of that dirty greasy vomiting. I took a quick shower, then I kissed my hand and deposited her ass, perhaps a touch of gratitude. I took to the street and my hair was still wet. I walked to the Diwan library while I was bending the rhythm of the three words, OK ... bye ... bye. I smoked a cigarette while I was walking in front of the Diwan library storefront, which was occupied by a group of poor English books that achieve the highest sales in airports and quick groceries that leave fats in the mind and stains the heart with oil. Soon they will sell with these books KFC chicken pieces .. At least in those accounts there are always good feelings Simple behavior, respectful to the end, even if the end is always held, there is hope, there is a revolution, there is nothing that makes the work not just a dirty dystopia filled with impure and filthy negative feelings like the one I presented. They have succeeded and you have not been as much read to you as it would have been for the notorious, lame-like court ruling of your novel. Among what Diwan, my professor, profound writer Naji, presents are the novels that I tried to simulate here as Kafka on the beach. Surreal? Fantasia .... What I presented is just nonsense and a void of thought no less than licking the pupil of the eye, as previously mentioned in your deep lines. I think even. . She may have something more attractive than the girls&#39; nonsense with your excellent writing. You are the one who is a better writer than you. We are enemies of success and who do not understand in literature, Sheikh. Let us, in our trivial books, congratulate you, Ahmed Nagy. You have become a name in the world of literature. Although Egyptian literature has a lot of what you wrote, but your luck that you published in a government newspaper, you are lucky. . Noticeable,. It is strange for me to feel this distress after writing this
Suitable for literary students only
Very weak. I never liked something, the staff treated them so badly, which gave me the impression of the hotel and I would not advise anyone to stay there and I would not stay there again. The receptionist is very C, where he sits a lot of delaying, he gave us two rooms connected to each other with the availability of them and he told me in his destination he will use you this time the second time I need to pay money in order to take two rooms connected to some employee breakfast buffet I asked me to pay an amount for breakfast for children knowing that I booked rooms including breakfast for children to deal with C is very
Very superficial and holds a lot of inappropriate suggestions, just two stars for the power of language and expression
A very loose novel with a very silly plot
Good location and poor service. Just near the site to the campus as well as breakfast. Poor service and negligence of management in following up the performance of some employees
From the novel nonsense in a naive style until I was surprised by the best chapter, which convinced me that who wrote it differs from that of the rest of the novel. Generally, the best chapter predicts an expected improvement in the second part of the novel ... and I am waiting
Two stars for the systemic hair you tasted. As for the rest of the prose, it is unfortunately not the best taste of prose poems
The best thing about knowing Algeria closely
Bad. . Dealing is a contradiction, if the customer arrives, he is welcomed because he pays, while if he has a complaint, he is ignored and indifferent.
What does it mean to be alone. What does it mean to eat upside down? Beginning in the spring. During the book fair in Riyadh, Twitter was abundant with quotes from books that are popular with girls, including a quotation from this book that tells about the author’s father’s name for him as Fahd and that the first thing to call him is because he has lost return, he said, and I don’t know any social curiosity The one who invaded me and led me to link the author with Salman al-Awda. Rather, the matter came to make sure that he was his son. So, if the book’s name was written on my mind since then, I recommended buying it without being able to browse it, and if I had it before scattered texts of that kind lost between Poetry and prose, the kind that I cannot digest ... ..... and what it means to be ridiculous a. The edition that is in my hands is the sixth edition after the twentieth, and I bought it two days ago, that is, at the end of September of this year, which is. And the book&#39;s first edition was in October. Twenty-six editions within three years if not less. My God . This is, of course, with the exception of the first edition published by Platinum Book, and this house has a story that is not mentioned. Well twenty-six editions in three years, meaning that every year at least eight editions are printed. And the Sunnah, as everyone knows, has only twelve months. . I imagine that the printer was in their publishing house, if it were human, it would be pronounced, and she said: What is the difference between the two editions and the number of pages? He did not change, and the cover did not change only three times. The first is because the house is different, and the second I do not know why it was changed by the third. This effort to change the cover so that the fifth and tenth edition signs after the thousandths could be stamped, had it been spent on other matters, it would have been more beneficial. But if you know that the publisher is the publisher, its director is the author, the wonder and wonder will be removed. ..... And what does it mean to be vulgar. One of the scourges of Twitter on literary workmanship is that everyone makes a short breath of writing according to the law of the hundred and forty letters, so everyone thought they were poets, as soon as they wrote them on Twitter and the teenage retweets to them. Since poetry leads to brevity and ambiguity, prose presides over redundancy and clarity, it was that such misleading texts appeared between brevity of poetry, redundancy of prose, ambiguity of poetry, and clarity of prose. They say this art is called a prose poem. And I would respect him if there was something from the mysterious spirit of poetry, or things from the extensible spirit of prose, but to write words and describe them as weight and choose in some of them a unified rhyme and some of them not, according to what your weak poetic queen has. This is a disdain for poetry and independence for the reader. The coming generations will curse the current poetry, just as a generation before me cursed the poetry of the era of decadence due to the poets of that era scrutinizing the verbal improvements at the expense of meaning. May God have mercy on those what is happening with these now. ..
I quickly got bored of it
A very bad novel with my respect to those who praised it, I do not know what I like about it
Staff does not care to serve guests and breaches of privacy. Only when I stated after suffering to the manager of the bad place where I was put in terms of noise as a result of maintenance, which continued for the eighth evening, I was transferred to a loft with the surprise that the whole role was empty and the reception staff did not kindly put me in it from the beginning away from the maintenance work that was going on in The floor is under the first residence. No one alerted me when booking that there are severe maintenance and noise work. I was placed in a role close to the noise with a full loft far away from it. They knocked on the door a few times after they failed to open it because I closed it from the inside with the presence of a no-hassle sign on the door while they were carrying the same room card from the reception.
The novel may already have a great idea. But this does not mean that the author filled her with boredom. In addition, her writing style makes reading a bit difficult
disappointing. . Service..Reception..treatment .... unclean eating ....
Nice and transparent and its language has delicacy and an elegant sense if we compare it with modern novels, we may feel it lacking strong interconnection or the cunning tricks behind which the writer is hiding. Syed Qutb is wonderful in all that he wrote .. may God have mercy on him
The book is boring, and translation increases the feeling of boredom. What is calculated for the book only is the knowledge of how Socrates was thinking and the manner of his dialogue with his disciples, as well as some of the issues that warrant thinking.
disappointing. receptionist. Insects have an unpleasant smell in the room. The bathroom is not clean
Acceptable . Near the sanctuary. No parking
I do not recommend for families due to poor hygiene. Location. Not suitable for families due to adequate hygiene and finishing. Tired maintenance requires changing furniture
A group of multi-purpose articles between religious, political and social, some of which were good and useful, and some were not at the same pace. But there are some notes on the book, for example, the lack of significance of the title on the content, and perhaps this is one of the worst things in it, as well as repetition of talking about some ideas with different words without a real addition to the content every time the idea is repeated and this is clearly evident in his talk about globalization and Its disadvantages and the idea of conspiring against Islam and our relationship with the Zionists. And I advise those who want to read the book to verify the interpretation of the verses mentioned by the author in the first chapter of Al-Hashar on the early Surahs of Al-Hashar and Al-Isra
Random and unclean rooms. . The room is never clean and was late in receiving the room
Unreal photos of the hotel. . Slow service, slate smell of corridors, very similar to the smell of smoke, turnip uncomfortable, may disturb the head, disturb the cars, dirt parking
Heavy. Gossip a lot. Many personalities. Many dialogues. Many interferences. Many pages. It is enough to read ten pages of it to know its weight. I did not agree with any of her novels
It was absolutely unleashed. Reaching the top was easy, but maintaining it is a difficult thing. They changed the workers and it became the worst thing. When the days of his death, the dizziness comes after you.
I am surprised at the high ratings for this book .. The beginning of this is not a poetry collection. This is prose. And I will continue as long as I survive to fight the prose poem school ... Secondly, I think that we sanctify famous people too much. Ziyad is a great musician, an amazing composer, and whenever I know he has a concert soon, I try in various ways to get a ticket in the IP to watch his concert. But this does not mean that I have to clap for everything he has written since he was in the cradle. Third, I believe that all children are creative; all children have their own philosophy of life. When I was thirteen I wrote a philosophical essay on death and I remember that a newspaper asked him for a copy at that time for publication. When I read it today, I laugh a lot at myself and my crazy philosophy at the time: On the other hand, most children or adolescents have poetic or prose attempts that they wrote, influenced by the poems they studied at school or wrote to an imaginary lover or as an expression of their philosophy in this life. From this standpoint, I find that these thoughts are the natural product of a child who was educated from a young age, but it is not an impressive job or something extraordinary.
A star, because of its respect for the woman and a star, so that she can be able to speak the Arabic language, just like that
I will not be able to complete this nonsense.
If I knew what I had booked. I did not find anything I liked ... creating reception staff, room cleanliness and restrooms, the restaurant, staff morals such as room service and cafeteria. There is no laundry and no buses forbidden ..
The novel is less than what I took from the echo and hearing.
It is not anybody who writes, but his money is not an experience that can be useful: and this is a result of that book is very light and because I was still a continental book of the same kind for Bilal Fadhas Fhasis with a difference in the level horrible I am not going to say on the book a monster but they did not say I will say it a need in the middle This:. I liked a group of articles, one of which was Bata&#39;a, the Minister of Education, Zaki Badr.
I read at a time when my tastes had not formed. I thought it was boring. But I may change my mind because when I read a rose leaf it was smooth and exciting. The translations in the poems do not appeal to me
The book was interesting, but I discovered that Mahmoud Al-Sa’edi was desperate for people who were exposed to kings with a system that the king lived, the king died, and I met him as well as her past was exposed to the current system at the time
I will not be back in this hotel. . Not receiving a good reception when you leave, I am not in the interest of the staff, and not being indifferent to anything, such as delivering bags, except taxis, not responding to any request from the bait or receptionist
The pizza is delicious, delicious, delicious, the grill is very, very late. They have a degree of thirst. An hour or a quarter can wait for the grills because the service is very bad.
Not as it appears on the web I had high expectations before I logged in, they pretend they offer boutique accommodation, but when I arrived the room was not taking care of it enough. With sand on the carpet, it indicates that it has not been vacuumed. In addition, there is mold in the toilet and everywhere. Very disgusting. I made a mistake while booking. I usually read the comment first but in this case I was looking for a show on a site. . I forgot to read the written comment about the hotel. This is a big mistake I learned.
disappointing. . Delayed services, lack of hygiene
By God, if less than a star, you would not have used it
I missed the ability to communicate with the book as a whole because the language, on its craftsmanship, formed a barrier that I could not overcome .. I thought it was lyrical writing suitable for a poetic play, not a novel, even though the subject could tolerate this weaving, but I found it gluttonous and in some places it seemed to be largely intrusive.
Trivial and whoever reads you the most trivial of you
disappointing. To be honest, the sites are quite annoying, but between the rooms.
Personal notes are boring and repeated, fall under the category of science does not help and ignorance does not hurt
Very weak. Poor hotel, poor service, busy, ready-made, nothing, four-star loss.
The unsuccessful wound Chinese version of Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq
bad . Absolutely nothing. Very annoying, you can&#39;t sleep comfortably. The reception treated pitch. Cleanliness is zero. The decor and furniture are very shabby. The Egyptian employee treated him asphalt. The price is very high for their service.
disappointing. Close to the Dubai Mall. The utensils are missing, towels, pillows are disastrous, the dining table and the coffee table are made of glass and it is not safe at all.
Unfortunately, I did not like much, unlike my legendary novel, Faraj, but I continued it with wellness. I did not understand most of the reports, but almost the last. It was opaque and like talismans unfortunately. I hope to read the Granada trilogy and a piece of Europe soon
I myself know who is praising and glorifying in it, and its range is five stars, its extent has a weak narration and very many personalities whose hometowns are not required, from the other a cheap and unsuccessful attempt to imitate the architecture of Jacobian, and the result was a novel that I would not advise anyone to approach
Review and criticism of the book from the scientific section of the Durar Sunni website. : //. . //
Narrative style and tedious dialogue is what. The second star is just for the end scene
One of the worst resorts. Bed rest. Value for the price is expensive, bad services, bad cleaning, annoying, everything in it bad I would not recommend it
Not suitable at the time of holidays and congestion. Prices are very high. The independence of the guest in calculating fees for the most important services
From the first day I received it and the device turns off automatically then the screen turned white ... very bad and I only talk about this phone if there is an analog phone and free from defects God Almighty knows best
Accommodation is inconvenient. HVAC system has problems. . Accompanying Wi-Fi is not complete in the toilets
I didn&#39;t feel like reading to Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, so I didn&#39;t enjoy it
A collection of lamentations, similes, metaphors, nicknames and quotes valid for Facebook, and a homeland of words of intent guards and Bani Kalboun, and her story appeared. Glory be to Allah.
The hotel needs new management. Breakfast is varied and nice but the place is very narrow. Not answering from reception. Power cuts twice, which is very annoying
She called who? She called one .. she met loneliness, fear and bitter. Most of our beautiful tales end in a free spirit. One moment, every gift, commit suicide or deny stairs, so you forget the longing ... I read the book for this. I used to turn on it either as I opened the book, read it:. In the entirety of the book, it is sweet, noting that the poems were revealed before that. Next time, keep it surprised:
I don&#39;t know why all the fuss is about this delirium? Nothing special, and I have never benefited literally, culturally or linguistically. Even the fun of the story does not exist. A tasteless book
Very high price
A book so light that you might stop reading and wonder what it would be worth doing. Just a break may help sometimes. The two stars because he changed my moods in some parts and for the efforts of his writer
Very weak. nothing. Nuisance bar and discos
In parts of the book, I felt that I was reading a book I made a little by Sultan Al-Musa. The authors used the same easy language and almost the same examples. The book is beautiful and I would recommend reading it
Beef burger has a pleasant smell. The salad is but arugula, with a sauce that has a flavor of Mob. The shrimp are soft and crunchy, but I eat gum.
The first and last time. . Administration is zero
I will not do it again . . The reception staff are the reception food the prices are all bad
He does not rise to the category of stars. There is only delivery to Dubai Mall and Jumeirah Beach for free, but with limited times, there is a supermarket next to the hotel. After the distance from the Dubai Mall, the hotel does not rise to the category of stars. The water in the toilets is very hot at night and day, as there is no room to clean the room. It was not at the required level. Take a dirham amount as a deposit.
Bad experience reverses imagination. Location only. The reception staff in particular paid Wi-Fi is very unsuccessful
The novel had a good start, but its level of merit decreased with time to some extent, it reached its limit at the end of it .. Unfortunately the author did not maintain the level of suspense and pleasure in the novel to the extent that I concluded it at the end, but just because I know its end and salvation
Very weak. Its proximity to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. Room cleanliness is very bad
Quite a hotel. It is considered one of the best hotels in the southern region after the Abha Palace Hotel, and it is the only option in Khamis Mushait. There are no star hotels in the region except that its services are considered poor compared to international hotels. It is considered one of the best hotels in the southern region after the Abha Palace Hotel, and it is the only option in Khamis Mushait, and there are no star hotels in the region except that its services are considered poor compared to international hotels
Not clean and has insects, bad manners, reception and unpleasant smells. I advise not to live in it. Close to the sanctuary. The hotel is not clean and has insects and bad manners and staff
disappointing. . I asked for a bedroom in the Albuking, and upon my arrival at the hotel, I was surprised by a room of two beds.
The book, in its entirety, is beautiful and fun .. But there are some drawbacks to it :. Dr. Mustafa went into the first three chapters, making his words a philosophy more than being an axiom and instinct. There are some sayings made by the course of health and are far from that as mentioned in the last section, which is the Antichrist, where the Antichrist was portrayed as if it were a modern entity, and these words negate the existence of the Antichrist who is installed in the cleansed year. There is a hadith that was stipulated without attribution, and it is not correct on the authority of the Messenger, may God’s prayers and peace be upon him, and he learned knowledge, even if it is in China. Finally, I repeated a lot while I read the conclusion of the book, O God, peace be upon him, so with him he says in his last lines that the ultimate goal of our creation is for God to love us and give us .. If we believe what he said then where do we go from the Almighty’s saying and what has created the jinn and man except to worship? I ask God for him, for me, and for everyone looking for the truth
When I started reading the novel, I felt that it would be a different work .. A love story that was born amid an old struggle and revenge .. But little by little I became boring some thing and its events made me feel like I was watching an Indian movie ... Also, the amount of feelings is exaggerated, so if I delete the phrases that Jasser crossed From his love for Salma, the novel will be cut in half.
disappointing. . Bad furniture, bad handling, no parking, no parking and carry luggage
The service is bad. The amount paid. The location is not clean. The rooms are not clean
Weak. . The Mayi is weak and I feel tired
Desiring to nourish a soul that lost its place from the details of his life and even from acts of worship, the writer looked for a resort for meditation and found that all religions have resorts for this purpose except for our Islamic religion .. For this he traveled to India for a few nights stripped or rather freed from restrictions he did not think he could Discontinuation thereof a few hours .. His experience is personal, it indicates this repeatedly. I liked the feeling of honesty with the soul. You will not find a nomination or an evaluation here for this book. Sometimes it happens that we read books that we never would have chosen for ourselves. We read it for another purpose, with another eye, and this is what happened today. I may only record a picture that I had on my mind for a group of people from different backgrounds coming to this place in search of peace and the writer&#39;s prayers to them: If I guide them to you, you are peace.
A beautiful novel that describes the fragrant desert and raised me how the Bedouins adapt and their ability to withstand the hot summers in summer, but the version I read was not a good translation.
It is very good for anyone not following the thoughts. Because for those who saw the book’s thoughts, it’s just an organized loop. Quotes from the book :. : //. . // ...
A very great attempt at sculpture .. sculpture .. sculpture. Boss, I do not know your heart. How do you do this, Ahmed? You work this currency and write this work, but you are at ease ... You try to count it, even if it is in another frame. God be with you
Thanks to God, I finished the book in the country:. The book I see is of the light type, but it is very light, but I have many questions and exclamation marks on it ...... It is frequently transmitted from a book. The last pages of the book say that Essa is crucified as he says that the return of Essa upon him in the end of time is only the return of his creativity, his vocation, and his principles to the person. Some hadiths I have not heard of and I will search for them until I verify their authenticity. Why did his book begin with Confucius and Plato. In the end, when did this book be written ????. I know that Khalid Muhammad Khalid had intellectual transformations. Is this book before it or after it? My advice: read it
A hotel of necessity. . A hotel that does not rise to the number of its stars, the furniture is normal, and the parking spaces are few and generally acceptable
Few of it has a bad word from the worst restaurants in Saudi Arabia in terms of taste, they have no meal to make you go back to try it again
The commotion that accompanied this book. The media shedding on it makes you think that you will read a book no less than the notes of the da’wah and preachers. Honestly, every member of the Islamic movement will find some memories in this book, but it is not equivalent to a chapter in his life .. Many of the sons of the Islamic movement in various parts of the earth if They wrote their stories to be more interesting and rich than what Ahmed Abu Khalil wrote, and more importantly, Ahmed did not go into a pure organizational story but rather remains at best a supporter or a confidant not a maker or a decision-maker ... even the narrative style was not attractive or interesting, and this leads you to wonder whether all What is raised about any book is deserved.
Very weak. . Deal was not good
The smell is very harmful. Location. The room smells very nasty and disgusting
Thank God now there are many more who understand the falsehood of the American dream than it was ten or more years ago. But I did not enjoy the book at all .. Although my testimony may be hurt because of personal criticism against the writer and his political thought. But I think he had to stay within the realm of religious preaching and literature that is far from politics and astronomy. I did not like the book from its first page until the end of it
disappointing. The location is excellent. The crew does not respond and does not respond to requests. The location is generally not clean and customer service does not rise to the expected level
Sorry .. I can not complete a boring book like this ... a very ordinary novel .. It did not come new
The novel is disgusting and I have a lot of reservations about it .. only one star for Murakami&#39;s ability to make you live and feel some events .. a waste of time
Drafting is usually needed ... the narration is plain
Not satisfactory to me. Location. Cleanliness is not good. There are flying insects.
I did not sympathize with Bani so much and she does not represent the Arab or Algerian woman in any case because whoever wants to rebel against reality let him rebel, but without prejudice to lofty values and morals such as sincerity, for example, and this is in any society like the one that you wish to live in that I am away from the Arab reality The disgusting masculinity that was brutalizing him with cruel and monolithic theories, what happened on her mind is the result of escaping from the painful reality, it is painful for everyone, but she chose to run away with the pretense of love once flustered and search for teenage lust once and for love that may be truthful once .. the novel in The overall technical level does not rise to a good degree, but the good in it is that it focused on an abandoned human aspect in literature Al-Arabi, despite the failure of creating people and situations in a way that would have produced the novel better.
A bastard Saudi Arabia talks about his suffering, the story of his struggle, and the proof of himself being a bastard .. He was lucky with some compassionate personalities who stood by him and helped him with their insistence and ambition ... Unfortunately, what he narrated about society injustice, racism and class is still prevalent and I find that the book is important to read by officials in the role of nationals Social and the role of orphans and others may benefit from hearing the point of view and suffering of one of their children. The book disturbed me in the book, the poor language, and many of the details that constitute any importance in the story, and even a lot of sentences and ideas of repeated, and perhaps the writer&#39;s narcissism, tell me greatly
Absolutely boring and second experience on the same level as my first bad experience with Paulo Coelho alchemist repentance
The hotel is very bad and not even suitable for sleep. . I do not recommend living in. The hotel is because you cannot sleep from disturbing them, just as the smell of smoke does not stop and comes through air conditioning. The hotel is very bad.
Not as I expected the title caught my eye and attracted me to read the book. The book start is somewhat enjoyable but after pages. She will be bored because it only contains a set of thoughts about how much she loves her husband
...... I just liked the site. Cleanliness, reception and loading factor The finest apartments are treated to them
Very uncomfortable . I didn&#39;t like anything .. the hotel is bad not after the cheeks. The hotel is filthy, neglected, its foul smell, flies and pests scattered everywhere, the furniture is old and everything is bad
She was a good man, and suddenly she changed the policy in detail ... even though this is not the focus of the novel sincerely..boohazza .. and the use of the English words in the middle of the Arabic was an increase in the need ... and I felt in it really ... I grab it
Bad hotel. . The hotel is not sincere in its dealings, canceling the reservation, knowing that the fees were paid, the reception was the worst reception I&#39;ve ever received
Very weak. I booked for two days, and I could only sit for one night to recommend it, and I hope to cancel Bukking. The price for other hotels is very large
What I came up with from this novel is that writing with the waterproof lipstick followed by a Kliniks wet with soda pass will not be erased..or how to fear a rhyme with an end to the glaze.
Signature experience. Location. The night cafe annoyed my requests not being met
A bedroom not for rest and enjoyment. . The level of cleanliness is low and the reality of the room is completely different from the advertiser
Take the risk and reserve is the only hotel I stayed in and everything was on the bill, yet the food was unpalatable and the drink could not be swallowed, and if you like to eat live cockroaches and drink perfume, then this may be the hotel for you, and if you like not to find drinking water In the tap or in the water coolers and you like to steal money and cigarettes from your room, and if you like to wake up in the middle of the night on an Egyptian in your room, and you see two workers quarreling holding a small table and a small metal stick, and all the points written in the comments where you were in the same Timing, on the positive side, was resolute, friendly barman Efficient and much better than working at this place.
It is a musty site where the smell of mold has overcome it, that dirty smell that entered the room since I opened the door, the musty smell spread all over the room, and he could not find with it the opening of the balcony windows, and they also had to take care to get the rug out of the room, and I could not sleep because of this
I can stay over. I did not like Golden Tulip Dana Bay. It lacks modernity and does not have Wi-Fi except in the restaurant area. Bad and old buildings, old bathrooms, old furniture and an unpleasant smell.
It is very sad that this novel takes stars or more. And not to break the Harafish saga, for example, the barrier of stars from the ground up. And if that indicates something, it is a further decline in the general taste. I would have given this novel two stars and this is the most deserving of it .. But in these circumstances .. one star represents a true symmetry
disappointing. Good reception, Wi-Fi, parking. Reception does not meet phone requests
A fair story, but the events are somewhat exaggerated and the number of pages is also exaggerated, in my opinion, not all of these pages are worth considering the story in general, it could have been simpler than that and the number of pages is less. Each chapter is not without the nervousness of Walid, stubbornness, raghad, jealousy, Wu, etc. ... I was very enjoyable at the beginning: /
The current and upscale crew must be changed. Close proximity to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. The reception staff treated very C, the breakfast very C, and the workers in charge of it from his community for the agreement Shi V
A short story collection, fictional and most with tragic endings, the most beautiful description and language of the writer. The first time I read a platonic collection of stories which is an opportunity to learn about this art and an opportunity to get acquainted with the style of the writer, and waiting to read more of his books to know whether it really is a romantic knight
As usual, it is less than average. Sometimes I feel that my rulings on Al-Aswany&#39;s writings are harsh, but I think this stems from the great fame that I think is not worth it. Sex at Al-Aswany is everything that needs to stick in any dialogue, even if it is a short story. It is clear that this is his convictions
An excellent and advanced product because Android has Kitkat, which is one of the latest in Android, and its price is excellent compared to the features
not good . Shi. Disturbance in the room
Wayne read the novel
My thoughts will not give a loaf to the poor. Nor will she restore the dignity of an insulted man. It is no longer enough to revolt ... We must or should not create the person who protects the revolution ... I finally decided to shut up.
In the beginning, I am not a fond of Naguib Mahfouz. The reason for my desire to read this book is the personality of Sheikh Abed Rabbo Al-Tae and his words. Other than that, there is no need that caught my eye. From what I liked from the sayings of Sheikh Abd Rabu. I asked Sheikh Abed Rabbo, who is lost, how will the ordeal that we suffer end? . He replied: If we go out unharmed, it is mercy, and if we go out perishing, then it is justice ... The closest thing a person is to his Lord and he is exercising his freedom in truth .. Praise be to God, whose existence saved us from futility in this world and from annihilation in the Hereafter. If you doubt, look in the mirror of yourself carefully. Lack of interest may mean madness itself ...
A gloomy novel with many details and boring
disappointing. . The level of hygiene is low and the furniture is worn out
Very bad hotel. The hotel street has everything. Firstly, after the distance from the campus, a taxi is required. Secondly, the smell of cigarettes is everywhere in the hotel, even in the rooms. Third, the bed is not clean.
disappointing. I am the first time to write a comment on a hotel. Almost everything is reasonable. I did not like it is skepticism is the afternoon. We arrived at Al-Haram Al-Fajr and waited nearly an hour for us to enter and rest from travel. To be honest, it was a lot of trouble for us. And the receptionist refused to hand us the rooms before afternoon
Aziz .. with all his mental illnesses embodied the eastern man without a doubt, trying to justify his mistakes by throwing it at Juman&#39;s shoulders ... Aziz deserved a lot, and Juman made me cry and her follies .. a story that recounts the eastern love in all its details, and an end that is less than digested by the mind ... Whoever reads the first part of the novel loves you more than I should, I don&#39;t think he might need to read the second part of it at all.
I quote from the book itself No life is complete without a touch of madness .. A writer does not see relief in his second life because he is cowardly in defense of the woman who loves the time of heresy ??? Looking for inner peace after centuries so that his soul can live in peace madly .. And why when we talk about reverent adoration and obscenity, should a woman be Arab ?? . Why is she the unfortunate party that imposes himself on a man who suffers to maintain his loyalty to his wife? ? I think that this book contains a lot of lying, madness and irrationality, and had it not been for the evaluation it is obligatory for what I valued because it is not worth it.
The worst experience. I tried to find something sweet, but unfortunately it didn&#39;t. Cleanliness is as bad as it is possible, and the mattresses were like sleeping despite the arrival of Sahran and its travelers. I was unable to sleep because of poor hygiene and the location is accurate from the campus. It is not considered close and there are no parking spaces. The hotel is in a residential neighborhood. Unfortunately, it is worse for me.
The food is very poor and there is no transfer of the hotel there is no internet in the rooms there is no parking. The food is very poor and not suitable for a star hotel. There is no internet in the rooms. There is no private transportation. The hotel does not find a private car park. Food online transportation
I could not complete the book with few pages ... The late book was boring for me
A journey into the depths of the writer and his reflections ... but some of these reflections are superficial and repetitive. Most of them revolve around almost one topic: the sea, winter, series. This book was not as deep as I had expected.
Although the book contains some positive ideas, but it glorifies some things in an exaggerated manner, and sets examples according to the writer&#39;s passion and clear directions, and the worst in the book is the translation and introduction of the translator, which Iran appears as an example of a complete revolution that does not contain errors despite everyone&#39;s knowledge of the political situation in Iran What happened and happens with opponents, contrary to all ideas of the book.
A very weak novel, and you don&#39;t need any of it
I did not feel that he felt even perhaps abhorrent revelations or symbolic thoughts that I did not understand many of them ... Are we required not to understand or feel the hair? But there are phrases that can be individually quoted away from what the poems are, including what he said in his poem: I do not like anything:. My son demonstrated my grave. He liked it and slept .. and did not bid me farewell
Were it not for the topic of the jinn and the world of metaphysics, it was considered a real waste of time, and although it initially tightened, but its end is very classic and can be used as a cartoon movie.
A very light book, and I did not add much or few to me the best article or chapter in which he talks about education. The writer, as usual, the Nazareths glorifies the rule of Abdel Nasser and attaches all faults, disadvantages and disasters of his rule to his assistants and aides falsely and with disdain and crams the name of Sadat with Abdel Nasser in all his sentences to accuse him of accusations and I think that the last characteristic of Sadat can be characterized by stupidity or negligence, for the man like it or not was characterized by extreme shrewdness I also think that the location of the sentences was not a direct order or with knowledge from Mubarak personally and is what the writer tries to attach to it To demonstrate the success of his hypothesis
A book can be read in less than two hours, and you may rest a little in the text. It is said to be a cynical horror. . As for the truth, it is neither horror nor cynical:. You can laugh at the text three times:. Something good. .
Very weak. The rooms are not clean upon reception and the delay in the Jac is for several hours. I did not like anything
disappointing. Location only. The place is not clean, and the furniture is old, and everything is old and has insects
Weak. It is beside the sanctuary. There are inconsistencies in room rates between different companies, with a large difference of up to double
A little, just a little
I can&#39;t complete it ... a feeling of disgust and shit. I am not able to work hard enough
A very greedy greedy restaurant to take care of the customer and the quality of the food wrapped in one sheet. There is no organization in the turn. One comes after you. He asks before you according to what the Indian generally knows.
Very weak. Location. Overcrowding in the reception is inconvenienced, even when the Do Not Disturb mode is recorded, late record
The worst hotel. The worst hotel .... and very outdated. Everything is very, very bad. .. it is forbidden to pay any riyals in it
A five-star star never means that the book is bad .. It is possible that the reader is not in a situation that allows him to accept the book .. It is taken on the writer that he did not possess me and pull me out of what I am in and enter me into the world of his novel, but the novel got a very high acceptance rate from The audience and this is in his description .. As for the end .. As for me, it is an expected end of the first novel .. I was shocked that my thought was true and that it happened .. But overall I did not feel fascinated and the cause of the propaganda obtained by the novel .. The style of the writer did not like nor drew My attention was completely .. his self-confidence that the person in the lecture was crying for situations in which I did not even feel affected by the death of A The child ... the death of almost C ... did not put me inside the situation in order to feel it or be affected .. It is possible that the defect in me and I, like corn, is beside a great writer like him, but it tastes and differs from another person .. to that extent, I did not do justice to the writer in the wonderful division For the novel .. Intelligence in not linking the four people and the end is good .. The departure in some romantic situations was good .. The novel in general is good .. But for me it is relative. In general, what I discovered in the other is that I am a Glenv and don&#39;t allow romantic situations .. this is not a sweet thing .. but sometimes you will like me .. the novel is sweet .. thank you.
Away from all that the writer spoke of God, of Christ, of death, and so on. I would like to ask him a question. Why sexual descriptions and why verbal abuse? Is this what you want to offer the society in terms of culture? Is this what young people want? What did I benefit as readers from the novel?
Very weak. . Delayed registration by reception staff by more than half an hour
I started reading it enthusiastically, and with every page I turn it enthusiastically, it starts to fade slowly. The author spoke of herself and her self-love, too much, or more reasonable. I did not come out with a benefit from him, but he is more like a memoir or diary about a short day and does not deserve his narration, but prolonging it by talking about it made him seem an important day. Her writing style is OK, but it is definitely a book I do not recommend reading.
disappointing. . The receptionist ends his evening shift. Something weird
disappointing. . The price is very high compared to the location and services, the presence of mosquitoes and chlorine in the pool increased
Bad . I did not like anything. The hotel is far from the sanctuary and it has foul odors and the pictures shown on the site are completely different from the truth .... very unfortunate
Weak. Ease of dealing with reception staff. The large number of visitors from outside the hotel, the disco and the casino, disgusted with disgust, to the point that I became ashamed when I went up or down from the treasures, as if I were in the spirit of the casino and also entering and leaving the hotel was the top of the woods, as if I had a spirit of disco and security guards annoying if you enter with a natural juice from the market looking for items and the net never exists
Gossip is the lengthy novel and stuffing details is not important and the description is boring unnecessarily. And the style of the writer is not interesting, and there are several rhetorical phrases that reuse a lot, which makes the reader feel bored. The two stars are due to the noble purpose of the novel and because of the last chapters of the novel when Salah faces addiction. I sympathized with Salah a lot and with addiction patients, and I hope God will give them the will to win this damned disease. On the margin:. I liked this supplication a lot. Oh God, give me the peace to accept the things that I cannot change, the courage to change the things that I can change, and the wisdom to know the difference between them
The ideas of this book at the time may be new or different. Now it is very normal
A feeling of sorrow and sadness engulfed me with the pages of this book, which recounted the events of which a world had not imagined its existence .. obscene sexual expressions filled with the book but forgive it being a bitter reality and a necessity to understand what the writer and those with him went through at that time .. I cannot blame the writer for To be blunt .. All I can do is to thank God for his grace ... and that he did not create me in an environment so bad ... Literally I did not enjoy events much and the story did not draw me, and at the same time I did not regret the time I spent reading this book.
The second star of the part is Muhannad Aboudia.
Two stars only because the writer was more creative in the character of Talal ... this is more character that I loved her and merged with her very much. Almost the page is filled with stuffing stuff, and Zayed’s words are very much, but the author of the novel is in need ... to the extent that I am very tired. More interesting part, after the revolution, it existed until the end of the novel, and only ... the novel remained very bad ... the style is not sweet ... and the Saidian dialect in the dialogue was not pleasant ... The dialogue books with al-Fushehi were better.
Some passages in the novel are beautiful, but the novel as a whole is nothing but a repetition of the style of dreams and does not carry any new ideas.
Thief. Its proximity to Al Ghurair. I booked about Rials a day, and they spoke to me on the second day
good . Serve them and location. The small size of the rooms is so great that you cannot ask for a meal and eat in the room and the inconvenience and the lack of a children&#39;s bed and the operator is very bad
I will try to have my opinion objective in the novel. I criticize the boring continuity in telling the story that I did not understand the significance of it. Perhaps the stories of Gulf society do not attract me or maybe I found in the novel what I thought was exaggerated .. But in any case, I did not like this novel and do not see in it a content or a specific message that it directs as usual Ihsan’s writings Abdul Quddus.
I wish I had not stayed there. Valet parking service, parking is impossible there. Room. Screen. Channels. No refrigerator. Furniture. Sanitary ware and towels in the bathroom. I regretted staying in it.
Although I was influenced by any very romantic need, I was affected by the novel de, or in the sense that it is true, it is not a novel, let&#39;s record some delicious moments in the life of anyone, and the recording is not influential or different, on the contrary, it was very ordinary. Dreaded, it is light and delicious, but not surprisingly, it is different from the words we can hear in our normal life, not until we read it Unfortunately, the smile was drawn on Wuxi, but I have never lived
I swear to God forbidden for this hotel. I stole all my clothes from the room The worst thing in this world is that I went down with you, swindlers, my thief, and God suffices me, and yes, the representative, and I was invited to you in front of the Sacred House of God.
Come on, how do you cook when you came back late at night, and you are not married ??? ? Even in the hatch, there is no psychological logic in place of the star, you have one Alexandrian, and you don&#39;t like it, but also the publisher and admirers of you, and because of the circumstances that left one like you, a book is published for him ???
Very bad hotel. Very bad hotel. I traveled on Eid al-Fitr vacation with my family from Jordan to Sharm El Sheikh for days of nights and I was surprised at the bad rooms where the air conditioning is very annoying and directly above the bed so that you cannot sleep and the bathrooms do not have hot but cold water in the morning and heat up a little with a blockage Draining water on the bathroom floor. Also, the pool water is moldy, dirty, and the food is also bad and there is no diversification but it is repeated and flies teeming in the restaurant with dirt and fouling on the glass of the restaurant gate were not cleaned even though I spoke to the restaurant official about that. The internet is very slow and is only available in the main hall That the th Coffee does not have air but warm Jda.taqm working in the hotel as well unformed and not respond to requests, but only banning campaign says Aafindm without doing anything ... I would advise not to go to this hotel because it is bad and very worthy of only one star only ......
Very weak. . Cleanliness, because juice is molded on the carpet. They deducted a dirham from any destination.
Thin and populist philosophy
This anecdotal group did not fulfill my expectations about the literature of Naguib Mahfouz. Some stories are superficial and others have lost their ambiguity. I only loved her half-day story. Maybe in the future I will read a better book by Naguib Mahfouz that satisfies my expectations:
Too bad . Nothing zero. The bathrooms are dirty with towels and the service is zero
Despite my enjoyment and enthusiasm when reading the novel, and I cannot deny that it attracted me to finish it quickly and affected me a lot, but it is provocative at the end of it, nothing new about loving you more than I should have been very curious and enthusiastic to know what will happen in the end, but nothing .. justifications Justifications for treachery, stupidity and dear illness.
First, with my respect to the Egyptian brothers, and I do not mean them any offense, but the right is clear and in front of everyone. Try Kentucky in Saudi Arabia and try Kentucky in Dubai. You will see the difference with your eyes one day. The Egyptian brothers are haunted by Kentucky and Hardees. And the consumer replaces God with a full satiety of these oils
Unsuccessful. Singles are only suitable for uncomfortable accommodation and accommodation. Place, brushes, tightness and lack of parking
What does the author want to offer from this novel, or even what preceded it? Ahmed Khaled talks a lot about his fear of boredom, to repeat what he had presented, and to write only just for writing. But many of his works are really repetitive. The same ideas he said in his previous stories. The same comments were repeated in his articles. And what he said in the stories he wrote articles about, and what he wrote in the articles, he repackaged it in books to be resold, then he comes up and puts a simple seed idea and completes it with the same previous effort. To produce a novel from the big pieces. The same talk about the dream of pink rose and angel-like people, then the wave of rural religiosity came upon them, causing them crises and problems, and changed the pure and pure society for the worse. The author tries to criticize this country and describes its mistakes, but as one of them described before criticizes it in the manner of the film “The Chef of the President”, they are corrupt. The end or clarity of the end is a kind of moral change and morality, and it is words that you accept when an author does it once or twice, but when this is his style, you feel that what a rule does is applied coldly, even if it does not have a reason. This happened in his first novel, the Singa. An inconsistent mixture of the desire to write a political and mix it with horror orphanages, thinking that this will lead to unconventional work, but what is the goal originally if the policy is not promising, it does not need horror and actions such as nature and horror are presented so that people flee from reality a few hours i.e. they are two paths Contradicting the attempt to mix them in need of an effort that is greater than being covered in daily and close events that would have been better covered in newspaper articles. In the end, the novel for me was a mixture of the blue elephant, the exit door, and Ahmed Khaled Tawfik&#39;s attempt to write something. New even if he doesn&#39;t know what it is. My rating has only two stars
We are all prisoners of a roulette table of its own kind ... we are all gamblers of some kind ... The novel was written by Dostoevsky, inspired by its events from his experience of gambling on roulette for two years .. This seems to be a recurring matter in his novels .. which gives the reader a sense of the truth and the strength of the words ... in general the novel is not impressive and I would not recommend it to a reader who will read Dostoyevsky for the first time.
Weak. The hotel is new. Services are incomplete and the price is overrated
I am still in the first part of the novel and I have imagined it as a trivial gossip of Mama Najwa / a clear absence of good text / The story seems barely good amidst com nonsense. The author / I will continue reading for a few other pages:
Book intellectual thought: /
disappointing. . The transaction from the hotel crew at check-in was very poor, knowing that I booked an executive room and the check-in was private for executives, but it took me an hour and a half to prepare the room and enter, as some requests for services will come too late
I was amazed at the amount of lies, slander and deceitfulness contained in this book, this anonymous author tried to distort the facts and defeated the distinguished scholars with a book that suffers from inconsistencies and poor reasoning. This writer is clearly not one of the Shiites as well as a scholar. This was evident through his repeated failures and fragile information about the Shiites and their scholars. The author failed to compose the tales, and he was not successful in loving them so well. The book in a year. How impressed by the jurist does not differentiate between the right and the weak. This unique writer went on to protest the weak narrations and began to protest with every book his eyes see, regardless of the weight of the writer and whether the book is considered or not. This changed his scholarly betrayals, like the hadiths that do not exist in the books of the Shiites already known. And cutting off hadiths and distorted transmission of texts and attributing it to false words of Shi&#39;a notables. So he deservedly deservedly deservedly described this book as a writer for God and for the truth, the poor and the jovial
A book tucked and falsified from his writing to Y, the book is an alleged reciprocal messages between the Sheikh of Al-Azhar and this world, and in it the Sheikh of Al-Azhar is no more than Suned asking and the other answers, do we imagine that the Sheikh of Al-Azhar sends a message in the era of mobile mail from Egypt to the Levant that only contains One line or a few lines, either he asks either to bend, or responds weakly as if he wants to show the argument of the other, so any Sheikh of this Al-Azhar who did not know anything until this Shiite world came to him, the book is invalid from his door and allegations can not be believed and only appeared to exist After the death of Sheikh Al-Azhar concerned Sheikh Salim Al-Bishri, the dead do not deny
Below zero . There is nothing good for a reminder. The worst reception / The call is not answered from outside the hotel or from the rooms / There are no services in the room / The elevators are not suitable / Forbidden to call it a hotel name
The book is romantic thoughts that cripple pressure and sugar and heart and thank you:
The cover of the book inspired me to talk about the story of each of the characters on the cover. But when I saw it, it became clear to me that it analyzed the political factors that had become in each person’s period. What I liked the book
Housing in your car is better. The sensible or crazy person cannot go down in this hotel and admire it because it is the most suitable hotel I can imagine. All that is associated with the name Ramada is bad for the most extreme of perception
I read the novel in anticipation of a distinguished work, based on the comments of some on it, but I was shocked by the text whose main characteristic is thinness, especially at the level of language. Or in the vocabulary of the first pages, but I said there is nothing wrong with a mistake here or there, then the number began to increase until a bit does not pass a page on me without several errors, many of which are fatal and cannot be attributed to written errors. In fact, the viewer of Fashir’s language feels that it is closer to a literal translation of a common English text, as if the writer is someone who used to speak English more than Arabic, so he thinks about it. If he wants to speak Arabic, translate all of that including methods and compositions, many of the English compositions of the famous bike can be extracted from Text . This made me think about the possibility that the writer might have gone through the experience of residing in America, and distributed parts of his experiences to the characters of his novel .. This leads us to the technical construction and content. Despite his poor language, he reckons that the author recounted his story in a cinematic way through several narrators bound by one thread at the end. Darwish tells the story of each of them a corner of the life of expatriates. But I cannot resist the feeling that the writer lazily completed what he started and presented us with an unfinished work .. Perhaps some people find in my evaluation of the novel a bit of cruelty to the writer, especially since there are those who may view the simple language as an advantage, but I invite them to read a novel. . For its author, Cormac McCarthy, see a model of language that is not simple but not deadly at the same time. Fashir may have some tales, but he does not yet have enough tools to present it in an elaborate artistic novel
A hotel has a flaw other than the many faults I spent this weekend / February at this hotel to attend a family event after I had booked a week ago, but the unpleasant surprise is that the hotel does not have covers for extra beds for children, and the pillows are inflated more than the usual limit and Do not exceed a pillow for each person, but the bathroom is self-recovering by bathing it due to the dirt stuck between the vertebrae of the ceramic and the floor, and if the marble is wiping the sides. The hotel&#39;s strong point remains their children on the beach of Tangier, the northern bride. However, by the sight of my look on the balcony until Harney, I did not see the protective barrier, which was covered in rust, and its cracked glass, which constitutes a threat to the safety of visitors. For more information, please look at the photos and accompany them. .
Lots of nothing. This is what the novel contains
The star of Wahda is for two points. The first is that he mastered the video games, characters, and ranks in line with his booklet ... and the second is because it was the best ending of the story ... In fact, if it were not a booklet, I would not have completed it .. Video games do not underestimate me.
Theft and spoofing to take out the insurance amount. Only the location and services close to it. Withdrawing insurance from the visa is compulsory and not taking it in cash. Unfortunately, it is not returned in the sense that it is a ploy to steal it without giving you any proof of insurance.
The hotel is bad. I did not like the hotel. The hotel staff was dealing badly and bothered me, preventing them from entering the food from outside the hotel and forcing us to request food from the hotel in addition to the entry of one of the hotel employees in the morning into the room during our sleep in addition to that the breakfast meal was very bad and the room phone was broken and they did not repair it despite asking it several times
The least work of Alaa Al-Aswany and the first novel in my life is not complete after months
A bad experience . I did not like anything. Room furniture needs cleanliness. Room size is small. Prices are much higher than the level of service provided
Weak. Substandard hotel bathroom glow grit. everything
disappointing. . The delay in preparing the rooms, the interruption of water for a period of hours, followed by invalid water, and the lack of alternatives, as well as the external inconvenience of the equipment that works on the cornice
Not suitable for accommodation. Nothing, but a view from the outside. everything
I don’t know why .. but it didn’t surprise me as I thought. Maybe it&#39;s because of Als. . Perhaps because the grammar is elaborated in this way. In a novel of its origin .. a foreigner. . It is not something that pleased me. Projections on reality, truncated by hope. . Fraught with laughter, the one that the writer dubbed madness ... I wait for a brilliant writer as a sapphire life. What is much more beautiful ... By the way, the language was luscious, and this is no stranger to life =
For the first time, I hate something for Ahmed. I was provoked by the dictionary that he used. The required exceeded two stars because the idea is innovative in which he presented a new, dark look to the future in a distinctive way.
Very weak. The reception staff had great deal. Exaggerated delay in order to clean the room
Very weak. . Parking is not available, is not included on the map, lack of service by the reception, Wi-Fi is very weak
There is something essential to this book. The ability to communicate with me with more diverse emotions than surprising. The ability to make me feel something. Sorrow. Joy. Laughter. Worry .. These very short texts are carefully cast, elegantly, perhaps even at times costly. But I feel it is most intended to shock or grab astonishment. And I want more than the book .. The metaphor is high in the texts and referrals of many personalities and works of art and requires Mama from the reader to realize their intentions, so a phrase like double his determination to settle his matter on the way of Hemingway and not that Koch will reach only those who know the fate of Hemingway and Van Koch .. style The one to formulate phrases, texts, the absent conscience and unnamed characters make them appear to follow a single design template, and this was not useful to arouse enthusiasm for reading .. Some texts did not give me the character of a story occurring, but rather were a description of a situation. Traveling outside of Hollywood, for example.
I am not against being pessimistic. I am against being so unrealistic in your pessimistic perceptions
Boredom and boredom is all that came out of this novel. A novel for me does not fit the size of the first knowledge that I prepared myself to get to know .. Either the literary work helps me to probe a question or leaves me with a new question that opens the door to another work that completes it or a little less to achieve the element of enjoyment. But that narration was neither this nor that .. The idea of creation by Adam and Eve and subjecting that idea to the sensory perspective was not what I expected. So what did you wait for? The theologically, the novel was not coherent at all, and I do not reside here by adopting a destination unlike the other, but the end was fatal to me. The narrator, who wanted to adopt the matter theologically and then inserted the theory of evolution recently, was it modern or not thoughtless, did she rest for that? . The story began with the first creation, Adam and Eve, and they ended up having their daughter, Buda, who was similar to monkeys and was able to communicate with them. For Buda, which was never as beautiful as her sister&#39;s territory, and from here was the reason for the murder of Cain for Abel, who accepted his offering and did not accept it ... He was beaten on both Cain and two territories, and that they walked on the earth and did not reproduce, while the serpent tells Eve that the end of Buda&#39;s offspring will be the beginning. The last pages of the novel conclude that a herd of monkeys came to Eve and left Buda with her hand and joked with them. It was first for her to govern her construction and remain with what she adopted, and that at the beginning was Adam and Eve ... because the writer was a poet who used to describe everything around her, as for me as a reader I want to go out with something that I would go beyond all this to the dialogues of Adam, Eve and the living, and if we deduct all the description The novel will be cut in half. Eve longed to know and ate from the tree, Adam followed her for fear of loneliness. Eve had not asked before when she was in heaven because she was part of the same beauty. Knowledge brings pain, and immortality is achieved by procreating into existence, perhaps for that sequence. Summary of the content of the novel I give it one star
He combined his research and reading about the jinn in a tale, the best of the novel, cover photo
Very bad . nothing. Cleanliness is not good, the place has a smell, the furniture is not lonely, no phone, bad service, slow service
It is not a book, not even a booklet. It is only a set of thoughts. If I were satisfied with writing it in the form of an article in her blog, it would have been better.
The novel is not good, and everything is needed, but I don&#39;t understand, I mean, does the writer want us? What is the purpose of the novel? What should I benefit from?
Mmmm, I don&#39;t know. I am writing the novel and the writer is the reason. In order to be fair to the novel, her character is drawn sweet and written, as is good .. Cattle events consistently reflecting the lives of some Egyptians in the Diaspora soon .. The end is shocking for some of the characters. Congregational decay was the first defect I took on the writer .. The photographer of all the Egyptians in the Diaspora was morally and religiously dissolved ... to the extent that the Americans themselves were surprised ... what is the pure personal character? The story was unbalanced for me. Niji, there were still a few pornographic scenes in the novel .. In the first I could understand it, I mean, like what they said in the context of the drama .. But in the last half, it became a goal in itself. Not psychologically correct. Hoda is one star for bonding and building personalities
The novel, if you call it true, is a beautiful and decorative linguistic framework, but it surrounds a faded, blank painting .. The novel staggers at the deepest levels of surface .. It tries to go down to the point to be meaningful, content and philosophy, but it fails ... I felt that I was reading something repetitive, expected and extremely exaggerated. .. The novel lacks plot, events and logic ... sometimes provocative
I was confused between two and three stars of the novel, I do not understand literary criticism, but it was missing a very important thing, the novel seemed to be a set of thoughts more than a novel and because I love the literature of letters and the method of disclosure and because it was expressing to me in a large part of it I loved it and read it quickly and paragraphs came Many influential for me, the literary style was very high, and he managed to describe feelings in many places, and this attracted me to them, and many places I did not understand the character’s condition in them, but the end was not good at all, urgent and unexpected, and not appropriate at all, and this is what weakened him. Much. Maybe I read something else but not a novel. A star of style and another because it expressed me in parts of it.
The price is very very exaggerated, and a quarter of the amount is not worth the coffee less than normal and is not appropriate for a cafe and sweets are just a form without a good taste .. the place is very beautiful roses, furniture and wallpaper, although the lighting is too low, then the surprise Unfortunately, by making bad waitresses, I was very excited about him.
Mold. . very bad
There is a nice thing in it. It is very sweet. A book that reads in two hours or less, and does not compare with the writings of Ahmed Khaled Al-Tanih, a light book, but
I used it for months, and it helped me to strengthen the muscles of the shoulder, abdomen and back, but it caused knee pain and the knee was rough
Finally got rid of it. .. Not quite what I expected, this long-delayed novel came to my confidence and my confidence that it will be the most beautiful. What are the signs of the beautiful novel? . To identify with her characters. To love its details and listen to it. To drag you into her world so you don&#39;t want to be saved. To swallow her quickly to chase her events. To advise or recommend it to all people. .. Unfortunately, I did not find this with I fell in love .. Rather, I almost say that I did not like this novel, so I did not like it except for the first two seasons, for example, as soon as boredom leaked to me through its details and the stories that have become imposing itself on the novel and see it as copies of Arab films and traditional tales A girl a university professor once exploits, or a girl who escapes from the burden of her stepfather to engage in prostitution? All of that and there is a strange naive hero spinning between these worlds, despite your being forced to follow what these stories will end up, to be surprised by a more na وسطve and shallow end. ....The only constant and firm thing in this novel is the high ability of Mansi Qandil to narrate, which is a foregone conclusion of an experienced writer like him, but many events and perhaps even chapters came as a filler in addition to what I see about the need for the text. Moreover, the title has nothing to do with the novel, even if that na السve hero has an important passion in love with A. The sure thing after that is that I will not advise anyone to read it:. ... .. I return to look at the comments of friends on this novel, and he was amazed ... And it remains constant also that, had it not been for the different tastes, Bart would have goods. There are some comments on the novel much more beautiful than them, and even clever readings that made all this absurdity a beautiful and acceptable thing ... it is an eye of contentment. :
She would have had one star without the smart discussions in the two stories. And how the writer&#39;s ability to formulate lengthy dialogues with wide imagination and photograph the scene moment by moment. Unfortunately, there is no benefit derived. I consider it New York, but there is a slight tangible content in Vienna
Very good. nothing. The service is very bad and the treatment is very poor. The manager is not good and the manager is not good at dealing with style. There is no free Wi-Fi. The service is very expensive, and everything is bad.
Evaluation . . The level of cooling in the rooms is very poor, the bed rest is very poor
Although I love Ahlam&#39;s style, her expression, and her vision of love, this story I did not like is very sincere. What a sweet person who is proud of himself betrays his wife with every woman she likes, except for this singer who tired his love to reach her, and if he had not fallen with his tongue and disclosed some of his intentions under the influence of sugar, he would be able to do it at this night. And what a sweet one in one she accepts to accompany a wealthy person while she is aware that he is married and betraying his wife and was on the verge of falling into the forbidden had it not been for his confessions, and he was drunk if not for what she had for delusions that she lived through, and even after he insulted and doubted her, she still had hope To return to him ... also their love is not love .. it is a fancy for him and an emotional experience for her, she was shattered at the first misunderstanding. I didn&#39;t like it at all, because I hate betrayal or hate people who fall in love with a married man. In any case, I would love to read to you and more of a novel that I liked. Forgetting was more than wonderful, and now I will start reading the chaos of the senses, God willing:
They are supposed to be horror stories mocking, but I did not see a comedy
disappointing. The beach is the best place as the hotel is spacious and clean. The room where I lived there was a little ants, so my children were exposed to a disc in their body, which did not disturb me.
I never recommend it. . Cleanliness is very bad
I would not recommend visiting it. the breakfast. Their services are the lack of Imam in the doors, the lack of auxiliary service in lesser purposes, the absence of entertainment places, the lack of public safety
Rooms must be renovated and cleaned. . The place has no hot water and the hotel walls are moist
What is this ridiculous. The most boredom for me is that I read I loved you more than I should again with the same details. Without character offset. Without clarifying anything. I read it to excite my curiosity to know the justification of Abdel Aziz. I wish you knew. An absurd person antenna does not deserve to live. I hated it more. He provoked provocation again. As far as I was concerned, I loved you because it was, at least, the break of Jumana who was in a streak of hope ... of the desire to forgive. Juman&#39;s picture, forgive, carrying all the fools
Downtown Dubai. The location is excellent, close to the Dubai Mall and next to Al Safa Park.
I loved the part in which he spoke about the story of his Islam, the portion of fasting and the pilgrimage. Umm Al-Baqi .. It was a boring proposition for me, because the language of the book is aimed at non-Muslims, especially Europeans. You find it full of explanations, which are intuitive things .. However, some comparisons and criticisms made by them were good. I liked this part. My comment was on it. This is one of the reasons for German Islam, Murad Hoffmann, who later became one of the most famous Islamic thinkers in Germany. The reason is not long, wide speeches, or repeated and boring sentences about Islam. Rather, it is the creation, it is, humanity. Contemplate. :
Very bad . nothing. The staff is very bad, unhelpful and bad services
Very weak. . Adaptation has a smell and inconvenience, and the doors of the bathrooms are generous. God does not have privacy and delay in carrying bags
Iraq: How it was and how it became. It is painful to read about the terrorist operations, foreign interference and political corruption that this country has attained, all this has turned social components into political parties fighting among themselves over the disruption of this great country .. But ... despite the little shed I have these problems with the novel, but I find it difficult to accept it. It is a good general idea, but I see weakness in the narration and style, the large number of characters that I do not find need to be confusing, and the fluctuation in dialogues between colloquial and classical unpopular .. I wonder; has the novel become easy for both endowment and bear to become a novelist? . You never deserve a poker prize.
disappointing. Its proximity to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque and car parks. Poor hygiene, smells of smoking, lack of confidence in customers.
Honestly, I was afraid to read it at first, but I was encouraged by the novel. I did not like it. I think I do not like the style of Dr. Ghazi, especially in his novels, but Amana is most distinguished by his enrichment of what he writes, and this appears in what I read to him
He does not deserve to reside in it. The speed of the internet only .. everything is bad. The furniture is very old and worn out, and small insects fly in the bathroom. God bless you and an unpleasant smell in the corridors.
Restaurant was good but bad service and not expensive
It is a novel like all novels that take from love its highest logo and the first axis around which all the plot of the story and all its details are wrapped around, the most beautiful characteristic of it is the sophisticated artistic style filled with rhetorical and philosophical expressions, and the ugliest mafia tradition that appears clearly in all its angles. Style, and the worst of it is obscenity in excess ... In short, it is the story of a weak, impersonal and manly man who loves a playful girl like Ahlam Mostaghanemi
Weak. . There is a receptionist named Mahmoud disrespectful and his manner disrespectful to the customer
Among the books that my passivity could not tolerate are: .. a stupid story to the fullest extent .. Or maybe it is for a much lower age stage than we were when they adopted this book to us .. much. :
A good novel to pass the time or relax between two books of the lowest level before the series. But it is acceptable .. It tells the legend of the Loch Ness monster and the new adventures of Rifaat with the new legend.
Rehab Hani, on a personal level, is a likable, ambitious, and successful personality, and a source of inspiration for a very many people, including myself. The book does not contain content from the basis simply from the and dialogues are not useful at all .. The book is frankly a failure by all standards. But this does not prevent Rehab from being an excellent person, my admiration, and my love for her, he did not say
Nice . Whoever wants to shop from the country is the best choice for him. nothing
disappointing. . The price was a little expensive
As usual, after hearing the exaggerated positive opinions about any work, the ceiling of my expectations rose to the highest levels and I got down to nothing .. The end is very bad and the last thing I expected was that the writer would come out of the door of the jinn and the sprites so that he knows the story. Narrating the hallucinations that Yahya was going through ... I also noticed the problem of violin ... I am a fan of Raisa Ismail, and I am not surprised when I find Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq&#39;s sarcastic style, which is not without simulating every need with something unusual and repeated in all numbers beyond nature ... Because Rifaat Ismail is the focus of events in number, so naturally, I live with the character in her style. In the case of Ahmad Murad, I have Ahmad Kamal, Taha and Yahya, and the three writer failed to prefer them among them in the way of mocking them for every need ... Generally it is a clear novel, the great effort made in it, but I was hoping that the result of this effort would be better than this and waiting for the movie Who will give her the seventh land ... Wadi Degni
I finished with a novel, Zayd Al-Sna’i, by Yusef Zidan. The best novel I have read is Azazel by Yusef Zidan, the worst novel, Shadow of the Snake, by the same writer. The novel contains a large amount of unjustified porn, so he could only make reference. He also did not take into account religious legislation in his talk about his place, but rather, he questioned some legislation. As usual, Youssef Zaidan uses his rhetorical ability to say what he wants is a correction of history from his point of view
I will not book it again. The ways of entertainment in the hotel are varied. . The hotel is very crowded. Specialized restaurants are in stone and always, so if you get a reservation, the time will suit you. . Wi-Fi is very weak
The truth is a great shocking novel. Yusef Zidan is creative as usual in his description, his proficiency in using the language and explaining the meanings of words. The language of the novel is creative and has magical poetry. But the shock was. Frequent criticisms in the context of events. Excessive filling is an example of a strange man accident. Excessive characterization of non-influential characters. Excessive use of sex is truly misplaced. And what is most wrong with the fact that it is historically weak in terms of interpretation and explanation. So he presented history with his pictures. Did you know that ..... and blame him when he exposed to how Islam spread permanently linked to the image of sword and blood? Which suggests that Islam did not spread except by them and brilliantly battles and Muslims led him in the war only. And this idea became evident in the situation when Nabati heard verses from the Holy Qur’an and admired how this religion spread with the sword. Full description. If you want to read an exquisite masterpiece, it is a suitable choice. But if you search for a date, information and facts, Nabatieh is not the best choice
Very weak. . Bad smell, far from the campus.
In the Families section: Dinner on Sunday, in the middle of the week of the King Abdulaziz branch, the largest branch is very late. A seafood drink is bad and has not been drunk. Good grill, rice pomegranate, good bread, plain, and not oven, prices are high, disappointing place, I had an occasion and I expected it to be sumptuous, or at least normal, it is even worse. The tablecloth is dirty and dirty. Dishes and spoons on the table exposed and unclean. I will never return
The novel I gave myself as a token of love ... Then I went to Mecca in a house on an Indian mountain. And she started there ... She stopped at the first part, when the mother went with her newborn to the city and returned with knitting and urban mint. I returned to Jeddah to give my friend a plant that came from Medina without knowing what I was reading, and he gave it to me. And I had a blue ring that I took from Makkah .. It has a blue stone. I used to wear it whenever I read the novel ... I think that I reckoned with the novel in a ritual way that was stranger than this strange text.
Disgusting narration actually ends about more than a page of a story, it can be summed up in two papers exactly the amount of sexual suggestions more than the one in the entire Jacobian architecture and no need for any need. The summary I said to one of my friend, if they get you money, please click on the book
His level is bad. What I liked was a mold. The water in the toilet is bad, the water is bad, and the water is gathering, and they also take out an accommodation in a strange hotel.
Very, very, very bad staff .. From their duty manager to the youngest worker. . . The service is very, very, very bad .. and there is no interaction from their management about the residents ’comments.
The second star of Sheikh Hosni’s character, otherwise, nothing worth mentioning in a novel devoid of real events .. she moves from one page to another waiting for the events to escalate and reach the climax as usual for any story, but unfortunately she will reach the last page and the story ends without knowing why she started from the foundation
Positive points: Smooth writing style .. the accuracy of drawing most of the characters .. knowledge and broad knowledge of many aspects of society .. the conclusion was warm and warm and was the most beautiful thing in the novel .. Notes :. R: rhetorical tendency the literary writing should have avoided from it .. r: the author used the word bourgeoisie, and more precisely in that place the use of aristocracy .. r: Report writing does not leave an opportunity for the reader to conclude seeming hustle and recklessness, from her tattered clothes and her hair is not broken and buttons The blouse was open, the first was to settle for the description and let the reader conclude that she is reckless, instead of deciding that she is reckless, so what did she leave for the reader if ... p .: The author did not convince me dramatically why she was so interested in the girl .. p: How did the girl enter the boys&#39; school? .. r: Is the news of a high school girl speaking to a boy from the boys ’school shocking news for an American university graduate who was definitely in a second joint school? ..A: Did the heroine catch hope? You took care of the girl at an unjustified speed and lost hope in an unjustified speed, too? .. r: What happened until ... a rhetorical paragraph that weighs on literary writing and underestimates it, this is a novel and not an article in a newspaper .. r: you assume that she is a female ..., she is a female, and a report paragraph that weighs on literary writing .. p. She is the only daughter of an Arab rich man, and she has a lot of brothers and sisters from many other marriages, you clever mind? You come to this way, except that the multiple marriages are for the mother, and I do not think the author is referring to this .. p: Do masculinity and femininity need a slot to highlight the realization of personality, a sentence that is not in its place, this is accepted in nationality and religion, but masculinity and femininity is not .. p: joined Her older brother ..., a paragraph hostile to masculinity without meaning, which is a serious mistake in female writing, I was hoping the writer would be discharged from it .. p .: Thus joyfully turned into a maid ..., an anti-masculine passage without meaning .. p: The truth is that Abu Khaled ..., an anti-masculine passage with no meaning .. p: It is impossible in the College of Engineering that a student neglect whatever his lectures and present in the cafeteria and garden M gets a privilege and becomes a teaching assistant, appointed the impossible .. p: I did not know that the woman’s jealousy is so much .. p.: A political publication weighs on literary writing, so this is not an article .. p: the girl’s shock is unjustified in the presence of all these warnings and information It might have become justified if I had known this information after the act itself and not before it, but if I knew all this, then where is the shock? . PB: It is a story that I wished had been published by Al-Ahram Mail ... a direct social report paragraph that weighed on the literary narration .. PB: Forbidden, oh Mami ... the last paragraph entered the dialogue in an unjustified way, so there is no relationship to the last words of his first .. R: a contradiction between describing the mother’s personality as she does not have the ability to take responsibility and describing her on the next page as a successful businesswoman with social activities, then later she nominated herself in the People&#39;s Assembly .. r: the author brought a beautiful gesture in the different questions of each mother, then The writer underestimated the value of the gesture by re-explaining it to the reader, as if the reader is a child in primary school. Cloner obsolete, we are in the era of Amr Khaled Mustafa Hosni .. r: a conflict between the two parties on a peaceful religious? .... It can be ... p.: There can be no music in a strict Islamic joy as described by the writer .. p. It was the first for the writer to refer to this tyranny, who causes the police to arrest those called in Farah, and to arrest the bridegroom in his joy, as happened to Hassan Al-Hilali in the Prince of Revenge .. p. R, p: the writer and the bitter enmity of masculinity .. p: an article that weighs on Literary work .. p .: cruelty to the mother is not in order, because the mother is pregnant in the permissible and from a well-known marital relationship .. p: If the custody is with the mother, how did the father withdraw the girl’s file from school? -Can it legally .... I don&#39;t know ... the conclusion is very good
disappointing. Good reception hygiene. The buffet is not good
One of the worst I&#39;ve read. Up to now, I don’t know the novel, if it’s called Azay’s novel. Tired, ridiculous, nasty, and talk, add more than necessary and a lot of external words. I deeply regretted the time I lost in it, even if it was one hour
I expected a lot from this novel, and I found nothing. All I found was a child I was hoping to die under. This fish carriage and I am not tormented by a page of operations. Perfumery and description of what I will get out of. When I learn on the page how to make a primitive perfume with alcohol. And the fragrance is the story of a murderer. Where was the distribution of crimes on the last page? It floundered in feelings all the time and made me feel like its pages. He is an ordinary person and a day will come to meet hope. No, it will serialize the killing. I dont know maybe i liked a lot but i am I was never of them
Weak. Only the speedy entry and exit procedures, buses from the campus, and nothing else. Parking is very very bad .. Room service is poor and unresponsive .. There is no Wi-Fi except in the lobby and very bad .. I don’t think I will repeat the visit to the hotel again.
Frankly, I did not want to, basically, put it in the books that I visited, but I found the high, so I said that this star can help reduce it .. Frankly, it is very surprising that people saw it in particular, who are readers who always follow their criticism .. As for my opinion, I do not comment
I love this writer, and I love what his pen plans, but I could not complete this novel. It made me very bored, and I felt that he was trying to carry her unbearable. If the novel were for another author, I wouldn&#39;t hesitate to give her just one star
Not all that glitters is gold . The TV screen website. Furniture hygiene
disappointing. . The service is bad and the hotel is annoying. There is no comfort required. We carry the bags to my room. This was rejected by the employee. There was no decent apology when I was raised to his head.
May God have mercy on Sheikh Muhammad Al-Ghazali was from a generation that looks like we do not have now among the sheikhs the generation of turbans that can be imprisoned for an idea.
Good and Evil. A story in the struggle between good and evil .......... Certainly, victory is for good and long for evil
He doesn&#39;t even deserve the star ... I regret that I bought that book
Alone I am alien. Not like anyone
A novel is not a novel. I think that the author did wrong to himself and his articles when he called it a novel. If he launched articles in any daily newspaper in the form of philosophical articles on femininity, such as his usual sevens, he was a lot better for him, and perhaps he had more respect than he did with it. The characters spoiled the philosophy that Zidane wanted to communicate, as it is a narration in which there were no more than ten discussions between the heroes. They gave them ugly, ugly sexual dialogues. If their language facilitated a little, they would be sold abundantly on the sidewalks for teenage students and those who wanted this type of porn .. As for his philosophy, if we wanted to hold the account on It is just articles of mutual exchanges between the wife and the mother, and you find that the author exhumed ancient and modern history to prove that the woman in civilizations was the god and she was the one who controlled, despised and despised the man while he was submissive to her. A wonderful logic in today&#39;s book, everyone who wants to communicate his idea finds no easier than divinity to brag about. She wants to paint the love of her beloved man in a novel that resembles that he is the god of love and that it has all the attributes of God. It should not be obeyed or punished. It is in the history of civilizations, past and present. Women were a picture of God on earth, offering them sacrifices and prostrating for their consent. His philosophy hurts a woman as much as it offends her who forgot her rights and treated her as if she belonged to the man, both of whom wanted to take revenge on the image of the other. The first offends his manliness and the second offends the woman. The last word, if there was less than a star, this novel would have been well deserved.
Her first novel level is not the memory of the body
disappointing. . There is no Wi-Fi in the room, and this is contrary to the announcement. The cleaning is not good. The number of reception staff is not enough.
Weak. Location. everything
I met many atheists and I know many of them, and I do not find most of them with the classical description followed that he is a person who lives in a loss, disorganization, and intellectual emptiness. In fact, they, like everyone, have the ability to practice the worst and best customs, and in fact also, most of them are not a very organized person. Let us from the subject of spiritual emptiness, which may be true, but this emptiness may be felt by everyone who has been away from God by the amount and the vacuum, by the degree of distance. I feel that the writer was also very influenced by the topics of Arabic films and stories. The orphanage, where children live in misery, torture, oppression and usurpation of their rights, there are many respected shelters, at least if not in our Arab region, where our countries treat all of us as genuinely orphaned orphans. The political part of God is upon you. If we ignore it and no one who reads the novel reads it, will he miss continuity or excessive information in the novel? No. If the writer does not succeed in this part of the Egyptian Malouche, which is thirty necessary. A novel that takes the classic view of many street rulers and ideas on various topics such as atheism, shelter children, politics, religion and ethics. A novel that unfortunately literally was also not very good at much. And the fact that the author is a relic of the Nour Party is a second topic
Not as required to make you lose the price by twice the amount. Too far from anything. Signed
Its title is Fatin, unlike its content
Unfortunately very bad hotel to handle and cleanliness. . Cleaning is very bad and the apartment kitchen is not cleaned.
disappointing. Wonderful site.
Very weak. To say the least. nothing
Because Ramadan changed shape. And Ramadan is not for Ramadan, Ramadan for the rest of the year
An uncomfortable experience especially when going out, annoying time to get out of the hotel. The bed is inconvenient / the breakfast is a short serve. Improve services, diversify breakfast, and change the family
May God bless you, may God bless you with clean food that you do, but the prices are expensive. You have two grains, but the taste of food you have is rigid, especially Mandi
Very weak. I didn&#39;t like anything. Duration of stay did not clean
Lack of credibility and respect for their customers. A reservation was made in November / to attend in January / for one night. Sweet Inter room. One room. After a month of booking, they sent a letter saying that there was a malfunction in the internet offerings at the hotel’s website. We will give you a room. The Avaga room was settled by someone lowering the reservation rate back to a regular room, and reported that I forgot all previous correspondence to the hotel reservations supervisor. This indicates that they do not respect their clients even though I hold the hotel gold card
Care about. . A pungent smell coming out of the kitchen Winging No. I could not sleep from it There is no soap on the paints The paints need to be renewed The mattress is clean but old and worn
He will tell you in a coupon, showing the big pizza, real, with the drink.
Somewhat acceptable, and the price for the room in which it was lowered is approximately the price of the riyal. I liked the employee at the reception. The cleaners kit is indifferent to the guests and they do not respect them delaying the cleanliness of the rooms. I have noticed that some of the rooms that the guests left have stayed for two days without cleaning, especially the second round during my stay.
Dull, shocking boring
Only one text that I liked, thought and literature. The rest of the texts are from the psychological hadiths that you do not like facing often, and which you resort to sometimes due to the negativity overcoming the soul
I will give red hair brushes rating: average.
I do not recommend staying there for a long time. The price is cheap. Smell the smoke inside the room annoyingly and very weak ventilation in addition to its distance from the services
May God rest in peace
I did not like the book. I understand that I should not treat the book as a piece of literature, but even just as a journalistic account of events that I did not like ... Perhaps if these events were written by someone other than Abdullah Al-Barghouthi, I would have interacted with the narrated events .. I am tired of the writer repeating his name and his profession only. Engineer Abdullah Al-Barghouthi must have appeared this sentence for nearly fifty times at least during my reading .. And given that I do not know many of those we mentioned, his book was not a suitable foundation stone for this knowledge .. To be honest I only knew the sister Ahlam Al-Tamimi, which I had seen in Ramadan Program with Dr. Muhammad Al-Awadi .. I am looking for another book on the irrigated events from K. His father another person. Maybe I can judge objectively.
A very ordinary novel, not to the point that it runs for poker
I could not complete the novel. After a page I announced, I regret that I can complete the novel. A very strange writing style that distracts you. You don&#39;t know who is talking, and where are you going? From the worst I read in content and style
I have quotes that I like very, very, very. In general, the story remained complete, to the point that it was highly felt or coexisted. In the last quarter, I had a boredom of it, and one of the needs that I am astonished is that in the novel the ages of the heroes change quickly and without what is attached to it merges with this change. The end is quiet .. quiet. Notice: Mabbash In-depth description in some sensations and scenes of the relationship // Mabbish the idea that was trying to communicate the middle religiosity that a religious person and one hug and no bad intent, Because this is simply wrong. Thanks to the writer for her effort:
Fears with sermons with little sex on mild
I didn’t pass it by after a page, I started to stay interesting, and the events are fast. But the story is consumed, but the most important thing is that the end is not. Really, there is no benefit
very bad . Swimming pool. Away from Dubai kilo, the treatment of the employees is very bad. Intercom services are one of the worst breakfasts, which are the worst eggs and beans.
Car parks Car parks are not secured. . Reception is poor and parking is not secured
Just a world view or opinion, but it is a totally unscientific lecture and carries a lot of contradiction, so how can a country guarantee freedom of opinion, equality and human rights, yet it kills and fights those with whom it chooses to choose. The same style repeats all that I read to the clergy to the extent of the logical fallacy
Unfortunately very much ... I thought I was reading his return to Ahmed Murad, but I saw nothing but a fool .. You did not reach Azazel Zidan. Never reached Da Vinci Brown. She did not reach the book of Exodus in a vetiver. Did not reach the story of Moses in the Qur&#39;an. It did not tell a true date, or it could be believed or documented. It didn&#39;t reach a scenario until enough star could be taken out
Very weak. . Everything is bad
Very bad experience. The bed is not comfortable and the breakfast is very poor and not varied. Mosquitos more than mosquitoes in the room Generally lack of hygiene but mosquitoes are very very bad It was a very bad experience Also smell of smoke in the strong room Then the room was changed to another room but mosquitoes also exist
My stupid title caught my attention, and I found the book no less naive than the title. To be honest, the version that I read on the computer is forbidden. You buy this book originally.
Much of the Sufi philosophy is between good and unimportant.
A very naive book, one of the worst books I read for Omar Taher. They are excerpts of time in the form of very short stories for the writer, and I did not understand a need
Services are very poor and there is no maintenance. nothing. Bad handling. Air conditioners do not work. The cleaning is not at the satisfactory level.
God bless you with the thoughts of you and the daughters of Muslims:
A narrator did not get much from me and did not help me except a little in the beginning. The pace was wonderful. After that, I moved on to mention many unacceptable gestures to me. She said that she added to the narrator a lot of emancipation, but she added to me a lot of psychological repugnance. The lines of the lines, to say the least they are of taste that does not fit my taste with my respect for the writer, but liberation is not required in all cases
Nizar wrote better than this, Bakthiyeeyer ..... The diwan is one of his early works, and it is natural that he appears weaker, since I almost read all of Nizar’s late works.
The writer&#39;s first novel .. deserves four stars for her unconventional idea ... a strange and thorny disease. The writer took the risk and broke into its corridors without complications or individual muscles like the stories of crime and other souls ... The language is brief. . Accurate in poetic description when you dive into the depths of forgotten the name of the heroine who suffers from forgetfulness of my community ... You can love forgotten or hate it .. You can blame Jasser or find an excuse .. But after the novel closes, promise me to think again about your rulings on me Around you, that is a message that creator Sherine Hinai sends to her readers before the novel .. I find myself having to think about everything strange and odd in our lives .. Perhaps they were led by circumstances beyond their control to do so ... Thank you, Professor Shereen.
. Location only. The cleanliness of the bathroom was garbage.
disappointing. The entrance to the hotel is from the outside and the hotel lobby is good. The price of the fridge in the room and the food is generally exaggerated The balcony is not clean Never street sounds annoying
I do not recommend it. The location is quite good and parking is fine. The bedding on the bed is not a comfortable one, and the air conditioning is a bit bad. The elevator is for the fifth
The novel is nice, but it is not renewed, its sense of it is from more than one novel ... but I did not regret that I read it. I liked that love really came without introductions, and we do not know when and where we stay
disappointing. The lobby site. The air conditioners were damaged, the furniture is old and worn, and there is no interest in guests
I propose to amend the title of the book for short articles on the Saudis and Saudi society or to place it as a sub-title of the book because it will reflect the content of the book in contrast to the current title which suggests an analytical study of what happened to the Saudis. The various short articles collected here just turned back to the surface of societal phenomena and changes in Saudi society, and I do not think they provided much. Side note: I appreciate the strength of the cover, which is unlike most Arab books, not ugly.
Mmmm .. I mean, we all know that the Companions are human beings, and they had differences, and we think we would benefit if we enlightened and read, and we looked for their differences. What matters is the book, as if it was from the curricula of religion.
A lifetime trip from Riyadh. Transfer service to the campus. The rooms are very narrow
Briefly. The idea is repeated a thousand times, it was not added new. The novel relies mainly on sexual revival and an accurate description of wines. The novel is nothing but a wretched tradition of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq in the Metaphysics series. In the face of severe weakness in the literary style, which is the frequent and unjustified use of English and the use of insults. And the use of slang in dialogue is not appropriate for a writer
Shocked, and it is not believed that De Nur Abdul Majeed, who is always motivated by her novel and writing .. and told the story dramatically. And in a way that attracts the reader to complete the story to its last paper. From my point of view, my humble remarks:. First: Boredom is not tolerated in the narration and the repetition. Repeat the same sentences in the same sense, but in another way ... Second: A lack of any tool in the novel to the distance beyond the middle and more. Third: Not logical in all respects, never the story of Marwa and the coarse cessation of Imran ... provocative and unrealistic .. Certainly this changed her unjustified jealousy when they traveled to Upper Egypt ... a lapse in feelings, dialogue, style, plot and everything. Fourth: Badria and Yasser .. ?? When I start the transition to their story, I feel bored and my country like this. I want the topic to happen. Maybe something new will happen .. A superficial story that is not deep and also illogical. Is it a pity sensation in the beginning, a childish love, or whataa ??? Whatever it is ... so be it. Fifth: The story of a king, a cream, Nada and Jasmine. I think it is the primo in this novel, until you notice the intense feelings and their arrival to the recipient ... as if the one who wrote the whole story is someone other than the person. From my point of view, this is all the downside for a writer who took a great position among readers. I hope the next will be better
Randa let me down, I didn&#39;t expect her that much: // She thought it was amazing and I was disappointed
disappointing. . Wi-Fi is not available on the upper floors and water is collected in toilets for poor discharge
Were it not for me, I don’t love to open a book and close it without what I have finished reading, and if it was not for him as a gift from a high-value friend, I would have cut it. Although I love Youssef Zidane, I am a hard worker who is provocative to me
There is nothing wrong with this diwan. The best thing I have read for Darwish so far with his sophistry is the poems of varying level. The truth is two sides and the black snow was the best, and the rest is a delayed death of the words sometimes smooth, but the absurd symbolism suffocating, in poetry cities without borders from the trance of feeling .. Poetry remains and everything falls when the resistance fighter Mahmoud Darwish calls for Palestinian-Israeli coexistence, glory for letters that do not believe in those who do not believe in its essence, glory for a poem preserved by the earth ... and dignity is half the beauty of the poet.
Foolishness and resemblance to disbelief ... The power in the dominant universe is God alone and has no partner ... And all the meanings in the book that are cited by nature and so on ... are the laws and the law enacted by God in his noble Qur’an ... There is no god but God , Muhammad is the Messenger of God
I would not have read a book on a topic like this, had it not been for me within a reading group that chose this book ... The book is similar to textbooks: definitions, types, sections ... creativity, thinking, etc ... and many theoretical words ... also the questions that A person is supposed to ask her when thinking simply that she will come to him without calling her when it comes to doing something .. I do not imagine a person who will do important work without being attacked by obsessions and obsessions and what if and what will be .. meaning that this is something of a human nature that does not need to be studied and read There is a book ... The same applies to theories that develop creativity, I was not convinced ... It can be said that I have not benefited from the book anything ... maybe a guy My benefit from it. For me, success stories and excel where I find a lesson larger
Killer Cleanliness: Never Love Her:
Especially on Baba .... If the effort is absent, play, O facilitation, we are always used to when the duo Ahmed Makki and Ahmed El-Gendy meet to see a distinguished work, in which the effort exerted by the director and the actor on the scenario clearly shows up to the scenes in a way that makes critics before the spectators feel that Makki And a soldier mentioned the film well and made an effort, which was not available in their new movie, especially Ali Baba. Where the viewer feels for the first time the diarrhea that caused the crew to resort to the character of Hazalum, which was previously presented in the film &quot;No Retreat or Surrender&quot;, then it was used in the &quot;Kabeer&quot; series, relying on its success and its ability to blow laughs from the audience, in a historical return to the mistake of Mohamed Saad, with full exhaustion. The personality of the lamp in many films. And if the first movie that was shown under the name Hazalum remained in space in the work in which the crew presents two films each of about a minute, it is the best work that succeeded in extracting laughter from the audience, especially with Sherif Najib, the writer of the film, keen to offer many new capable elias On this, as well as the quality of the decor and makeup compared to the second film, the general acceptance of Hazelum&#39;s character in the audience, so that Makki and a soldier succeed in the first half with the help of a former friend, without making the usual effort. As for the second part, or the second movie, which was shown under the name Al-Deek in Al-Asha, which the audience left before it ended, in response to his heavy rhythm and his usual story that was previously dealt with in more than one work, as well as the fall of the screenwriter Sharif Najeeb in a confusion between presenting a movie for adults, Or for the young ones, where he failed to get out of the cloak of children&#39;s films as he writes a film about animals talking in a historical precedent in the Egyptian cinema, and he also failed to present a film for adults befitting the innovative idea of using animals, as well as misusing the decoration and make-up of the second film and this confirms at this time the theory of a soldier Makki and not keen on b Zero effort to work, as always. Finally, it remains to remember that the first part of the big series, which was shown in Ramadan before the past, was not at the level hoped for from Makki, which made him use the soldier again to come out of the second part, which achieved great success in reference to Makki&#39;s ability to discover his weaknesses, which is what He will confirm that Makki, who made his worst films this year since his simple appearance in Ibn Ezz, will discover his weaknesses to provide a better future work. Sorry dear reader, I did not criticize the details of the movie because the house was originally built without foundation, so how do I talk about the foundation.
Weak. There are no wedding services, knowing that the hotel resides or stars.
Very weak. nothing. Too bad that I can&#39;t describe
Our stay in Al-Aseel pool. The site and the village of all services. Unavailability of parking spaces for cars and buses to and from the campus is difficult
The first page and I almost vomited the first page and knew how the rest of the book would be. The first page made me know the meaning of the nausea that Jean Paul Sartre was talking about. Unfortunately, the problem is not here .... The problem is not that the title is a myth of progress and backwardness. The problem is not that the writer is trying to show that progress is a myth and does not exist and that we Arabs are in a good position ... The problem is not that the writer did not use any scientific method in proof I see, but false words and inferences from flags and a narrow backward look. . Rather, the problem is that people find writing on the book that it was a turning point in his life galaxy. And other people say: It is the best books that remind you of things you previously knew. O nation, laughed at its ignorance of the nations ... they read but did not think ... What do you like, Arabs?
... Good novel, I have always loved the dreams of Mostaghanemi. But the trilogy of the body remains the best writing of dreams
Finally I finished it .... I left it more than once, but I went back to it just forbid it .... A group of sporadic thoughts about the lobes of love, the absence of separation and feelings .... ranged from very bad and magnificent ... A pronunciation sometimes beautiful and sometimes inconsistent Or completely consistent .... suitable for quotes in sentiments of feelings and I understand that why the writer has a renewed page on Facebook .... the pictures also range, some of them are very accurate and beautiful and others are flat without feelings .... well as the beginning .... there is better ...., the writer was influenced by a very clear and tangible Mostaghanemi .... Rey her works best because it is worth a two-star debut and star or Attin others about the book .......
I endured myself a lot to finish this novel, cut more than half of it and did not find a story or a knot, all that is mystery and imagination far beyond the limits, the novel talks about a town in which death decides to stop death for months in a row to accumulate the likes or the likes The neighborhoods alike in hospitals and nursing homes, and without warning, death decides to repeat its activity, to kill in less than a second more than a thousand souls, and because he came back, he had to return in a distinctive way from the moment he returned, adding new technology For those who have to die, a violet message telling the victims that you have eight days in front of you and then S. She dies in a classy way. In that country, death does not come without warning or without an appointment. Messages begin to reach people, but there is a message that refuses to reach its owner and returns once, two and three, and then the death that is now female is decided to go personally to be delivered The message to the musician who refuses to die, meets and loves, and decides to die but not his death ... And the novel ended to the extent that my hopes were truly disappointed.
Short stories supposed to be terrifying, but it did not cause me any fear or horror to repeat its themes and similarities with horror stories. And Arab and foreign films from the fifties. All the stories revolve around preparing souls and summoning servants from the jinn with repetitive provocation as a reader ... a literary work that has never met what is expected of him.
: His love
I could not read it fully and that contradicts the reality of my review, despite that book is really bad
Oh, I did not live, forbidden to you. . The room smells smoke that says I am in a cigarette extinguisher. The room is small..the bathroom is poor..there is no dish soap when spraying..if the window opens a nuisance
My stay in Zamzam. . The size of the rooms is very small
disappointing. the place. Mishandling
. That is why I read this narration because one of the conditions for challenging the list is reading a book published in the year of your birth ... The fourth reading of Coelho after the alchemist is eleven minutes. The novel takes place in a magical world .. The heroine of the novel Breda is trying to understand the universe by learning magic with the wisdom of the sun and the moon, so she gets to know the magi who knows her on the witch and wicca to reach her goal .. During the novel, Breda tries to find her soulmate and remains hesitant among her friend Lawrence And Majusi ... there is no doubt that Paulo is an artist .. His novels have a special charm, even when the story is weak, he can only continue reading. And this novel in particular contains a kind of spirituality that reminded me in some passages of his alchemic splendor. Two and a half stars .. Despite some boredom that permeates the novel, it contains a large number of beautiful syllables ... Quotes :. There is nothing in this world .. my dear .. completely wrong ... even this broken hour .. indicates the correct time twice a day. . We can let our other half miss us without admitting it or even crossing it, then we must wait for our next life to meet again, and because of our selfishness, we will be judged by the most horrific torment that humankind has created for itself: unity. The whole world can know that someone has fallen in love through his eyes. You will never be mine, so I will never lose you. When you find your way, you must not be afraid, you must have the utmost audacity to make mistakes, and you must know that disappointment, refraction, defeat, and despair are tools that God uses to guide us on the path.
disappointing. Real acceptable price. Cleanliness is poor. The hotel is beautifully decorated, but needs maintenance. There is no internet service. Access the rooms
,. Very nice compared to its reasonable price, the service provided and the screen of the staff and their service to you as a guest. No one speaks Arabic, only two employees
Frankly, the book admired me by the degree ... it cheated me by photographing the cover and the number of prints. I said for sure a sweet need .. But I was surprised that it is a very simple book .. His speech is simple .. It is not the sweet simplicity that you love .. No simple as if he was addressing children for example .. I was given a star by the writer because it is only his first book .. Not the book itself .. The tools that Use the plots, you may not. But may God grant you success and do a better job than this ... I wish no one would see another copy of it .. Thank you
I couldn&#39;t complete it .. romance increased a little.
Less than normal. There is no. An old hotel with no life and old bedding
I often tend to read this type of book because it is not without exaggeration, exaggeration and exaggeration, and I am the heroine, the beautiful, the superstar, and I and I and I ... I hate this kind of book. This book, even though it is written in a beautiful language, but it confirmed to me a point .. In many passages, I was stopped for various reasons ... an influential passage during their denial of the Pasha Palace’s colleges ... On one of the times we stopped, I witnessed the passing of a convoy of cars and motorcycles that are racing In the desert. We are only a few kilometers away from these contestants, but they do not see us, they do not hear us, they do not even suspect our existence. Life continues, it is here, close to us, in full view, but no one in it cares about us. A second segment caught me ... a set of clips that I found touching :. Freedom plus hope equals life, slavery plus despair equals emptiness and nothingness. We were not just prisoners, it is further than that because what is required is to empty our content and transform us into distorted human forms. Later, we finally stopped doing physical exercise. Our bodies no longer obey us, we are all tired and there is no longer anything that interests us. The days were passing endlessly slowly. Our main enemy is the time we used to see, smell, feel and touch the hand. Masks, we no longer believe in anything. Her talk about compulsory residence in a house owned by her family: We could not bear a year of imprisonment in light of the conditions that we live in now and which are relatively comfortable. The most dangerous of them is that they delude you that you have some freedom and that you get some of the necessities of life such as eating, drinking, sleeping, clothes and a luxury home. We prefer a little over nothing and a fight to surrender to submission. A policy of half-solutions, waiting and procrastination brings despair into our hearts and may destroy us. Here the illogical passages begin, for example, her attempt to explain the king&#39;s behavior with them in this way, because here she literally quoted her only mom who dared to resist and confront him. I understand, but how did you confront him? On recreational trips and parties that were interested in her? Otherwise, why would you allow him to take her virginity from her? Little logical, Malika. No, when her mother taught the soldiers about their escape, and she instructed them here that the story stipulated a stranglehold .. Of course, because they are the sacred and revered family of Ophkir, without none without storming into a dungeon and living together and beat them violently to force them to confess to the moment the Persians linked to the passage after which they would not have dared Touching my mom or sisters. Ok, believe us. Part of the escape and the last prison has many things that are illogical .. No, and what we forget is the most important point, which is that, but the French are the best, the best, the strongest of people, and of course the Oufkir family are the most beautiful, chic, fuller, smarter, and optimal, and without no ... This is what I mean with their arrest, not at all. All that is about it is that I hate narcissistic people and those who fascinate the stories, but to aspire to heroic stances ... More importantly, I hate people who look with contempt for their country and people and with the reverence for a country that has a long and bad history with its homeland. .. Honestly. Although I was seldom touched by the degree of crying while reading a book ... I admit that I cried when I read that each of them lived the life he wished for.
I cannot find a word that I have not suffocated from the worldly narrations, to imagine that our heroes are idealistic beyond the borders and even in a society far from ethics, it is not ideal, an Indian novel.
This book lists some facts in the government&#39;s war against religious terrorism in Algeria and accuses the government of responsibility for the escalation of terrorism. The writer&#39;s style did not appeal to me despite the importance of the topic. The facts are almost the same and are repeated throughout the pages with different names. After a certain number of pages, the book becomes boring unless the reader is from the same country. This is what I think and I would be glad to read a dissenting opinion
To whom is this book directed? . To Muslim women who are not obligated to wear the Islamic veil to raise their awareness and urge them to abide by legal arguments? If it is directed to this category, the book’s introduction is sufficient to alienate this category of the book and the reason for its failure to achieve its goal due to his style that addresses the mind only and omits feelings by using an alienating method such as describing girls who are not bound by the veil with descriptions of prostitutes and describing their behavior as a moral fall and panting behind rotten desires And he addresses them with my contradiction. Great and unconvincing .. This does not prevent the existence of good information on the characteristics of the Islamic headscarf and the devotional and juristic destination of the veil with the martyrdom of the Qur’an and the Sunnah of the Prophet, but it also flaws a lot from verbiage, especially in the niqab part and affirming that it is a virtue and not an obligation .. And clarify that the veil is what frees women by imposing erasure of the pre-Islamic view of women on the body and forgetting of spirit and mind, contrary to what advocates of freedom and liberation give us that the veil is ignorance, these encourage women boil nakedness to enslave them and use their body to market their products and these are the same slavery.
I liked the gift in the first and it was a good start. The cover is not pure sweet and unattractive:. The introduction of the novel completely, and I was keen to know his behavior. The truth is that now, if the girl had a past, and she knew one before I embraced her, he would still have hallucinations and doubts that she could betray him or lose him at any moment, especially if he lived his entire life loyal to his future life partner who does not know who she is. But what I do not like. She has been exceeding the necessity of his conversation with himself, too much, and he bored me of him and his feelings. Spelling errors. For the sake of some events, I was confused. And in it an illogical event from which he came out with her and went to the cinema on their own and hugged her ... etc. And after that, her brother must go with her, so that she does not mingle with each other. How can a family call him one, no matter how strange, would he prefer to wrap in the apartment and spin it? Some of the events were illogical ... underestimated the mindset of the reader:. Frankly, I did not like the end and the hallucinations that entered reality with imagination:. She overlooked things in an extraordinary way. And limited to important events that have an impact
A philosophical novel explores the relationship between the ruler behind Napoleon, Hitler, the ruled master and Farfour, and it is necessary that there is a master and Farfour and also searches for the cause of existence and searches for the cause of life. Aref Mahdash asked him and I could be wrong. Do you mean Youssef Idris with the author of the novel that he is our Lord and the Master said to Farfour, this is not the author that I did not see as a bowing means the meaning of our Lord and that the novel itself that every little bit the Master says to Farfour stick to the novel is destiny. I mean, does Idris mean that the unjust author is our Lord, nor does he mean to the rulers who invoke and lie to every bit and say we want to oppress you and judge you because our Lord wants this? Idris means his intention that our Lord did the injustice of the favers the simple slaves that made the earth poor and rich To protest and rule people and kill them and give the favers the argument that God wants that and that it is written in fate ..... meaning that in the end the author is not present .. and did he mean in the novel that this fate and that the rulers say to the favers slaves you must abide by it and from here fervor is trying to He says it is possible to fulfill He sees destiny, and it is not necessary to adhere to the novel, and he did not build Adam.
I would have added more stars if the story was not this way ... As for the style and choice of words, it is very good..Since the first page and when I read the first words in the novel, I liked a lot and were optimistic about the good ... But..the more I penetrated more and more The more my distress ... you reminded me of a novel that I loved you more than it should be..but this increased my distress in it the most is the heroine of a girl and the broad base in girls cannot get out of an experiment easily ... but the hero of this novel is a man ... but I think that he is anomalous to the base of men ... How throughout these many pages could he not hate that girl ... How did he not see from the start that she is definitely not suitable for him For respects ... it proved to me that the true mirror of love is blind ... and in his case also mute ... there was a lot of stuffing that in my opinion did not serve the novel in anything..and this novel is one of the first novels in which I turn pages without reading it. ... what led me to be patient with her until the end and resist the desire to close it without finishing it, I want to know when this will wake up to ... man .. I will definitely never repeat the ball and read it again
A bit boring, and for Naguib Mahfouz, Ihsan Abdul Quddus, and Muhammad al-Mansi, Qandil Safar Safar ... I admire the personality of Yahya, never every page in a new type of wine I felt like we were foreigners, for example: there is no color or literary taste first and last time I read Ahmad Murad two stars on the story only, but the style Low
Expensive on the simple possibilities
According to what I remember the book was literary and boring for those who do not care about the language like me
The first was I wanted to read it, and I was really eager to read it. When I read it, I regret that I wasted time in it. I personally despised Tariq Da Musaabish, and I did not feel that he was wronged.
The first articles on doctrine and life were admired and attracted me to complete the book, but upon reaching the middle of the book the writer began to repeat his ideas and philosophy and speak extensively on unimportant points .. I will not read again to Muhammad Qutb nor recommend it.
God willing, it will not be repeated. The location of the hotel is just excellent. Cleanliness inside the room is bad, the carpets are worn out and full of falling hair. Room services from bathroom shoes and incomplete wipes. Reception is not at the required level. Parking is far.
Weak. nothing. Room cleanliness, in-room air conditioning, long wait at elevators, very poor hygiene in the restaurant during breakfast
A disgusting book ... mixed with vulgarity in writing, absurdity ... I don&#39;t know why I finished it? Perhaps my curiosity .. Or maybe my search for something justifies all the praise he received. One star out of respect for your writing effort
Very weak. There is no. Firstly, cleanliness is zero, away from the sanctuary, crowding the elevators to a degree waiting for ten minutes and more. The hotel administration neglected the site and the guests left them putting their clothes in the corridors in disgusting way.
Not worth . . nothing. The positions are very small
The Nusab team when I canceled the reservation, they took a sum from me on the pretext that it was a fee for the reservation due to the cancellation. nothing. Away from the services and channels not programmed
The book is really bad and enough
Quote: infection poem. After breaking the cup, he told me: Do not describe poetry, my friend, as beautiful or strong. There is no strong hair and beautiful hair. There is hair that secretly affects you. Infection with writing and schizophrenia. And get yourself out of yourself to others ... and we say: I am this and this, and I am not. And prolong. Meditate on words. And when you spy it. Her pulse, buzzing and whispering in your ears :. Come closer and farther away, and alienate and unite. Wesel. Milk from the night. You feel like a child. Will be born from what little. The second Diwan I read to Mahmoud Darwish after such as almond blossom or farther that was more beautiful to me than this Diwan ... will not be the last for sure ... two and a half stars
I don’t know how it went like this, old? He fled like a dream, and I couldn&#39;t catch him, to his faces wherever I wanted
This book by Milan Kundera is my second failed experience with him after identity. Unfortunately, it was ludicrously loser than its predecessor ... the book is simply. A man writes about women. And about the emotional and sexual life of women and what a failed writing with a stereotypical nature. The book is like an attempt by a white man to write about the life of a black man or a man who never left his village but wants to write about life on Mars .. What really disliked me was the multiplicity of personalities but nevertheless all resonated with each other and a reflection of the same insignificant template that says that a woman should be a picture It is a womanhood who desires a warm and loving man who can truly love only herself or her father, and she is always in conflict with other women and even her sister in blood. The trivial idea corresponding to it is that a man should be an example of barbarism, strength and control, and it must be a stallion that never rejects sex even if he does not want it. This book, which claims to help people to understand themselves, is the embodiment of the way of thinking that frustrates mankind from progress and the arrival of people to themselves .. Other than that, Milan often criticizes himself page by page in his infernal philosophy, for example at the end of the book he says. It is an enormous success that wars have been fought by men. If women were to go to war, it would be principled in their cruelty that no human being would remain on the planet. I mean, if women rule, no human will remain on earth, women are inhumane, and humanity will end. Then we turn the page and after how many lines in the same conversation we read. So I tell you: Either the woman becomes the future of the man, or the matter of humanity ends. In fact, this very deep philosophy destroyed me, because women are inhuman and destroy if I rule, but it must be the future to save humanity. Laughter continues, as he is also making publicity for his other books between the page and the other. The biggest stab is that for me it was just a failed experience and bad ideas for the book Erotica with an acceptable narration, but suddenly the last page after the end of the book appears to me and it is a study and positive analysis of this heavy Kundera book and all the study is a certain beauty and Super simplicity and the author and the reader do not like anything more than stopping at every moment in order to talk and look at the scene, and thus concluded the book by praising the book. He went from a failed experience to a sharply pathetic
In my opinion, it does not deserve a star. Reading it is just a waste of time
The book&#39;s title, color, and leopard measurements attracted me. It was amazing .. But when I went into it, I realized how repetitive ideas, contradictions, and absurd soreness were. I saw nothing but repeated words and consuming ideas .. The most shocking thing to me is that most of the papers only contain a line in the middle. I think it is better for him to be on Twitter because it suits him very well.
I am the first time to see you so ... what? Mostly, the woman is very practical, she usually does not go further than her adornment .. her dress .. her kitchen and she leaves the man to look further than this .. he takes care of his country, his country and the world .. so he fights for freedom, justice, thought and art ... While she is satisfied with standing away to smile, clap, and encourage .. but she does not think that she will seriously participate in these abstract goals .. women want tangible services in the field of decorating them, wearing them, their expenses and their home .. they want to live lux and luxuriate .. and Think, oh uncle, and I am financial and thought money .. Stay satiated with your thoughts .. But I want to live ... This, of course, means that Dr. Mustafa loves the girl, the educated fight who has other interests, so far, there are no problems, and I flip over for a second article. The woman’s descent into the field of work, her collision with social responsibility, and her taking over the reins of her freedom will lead to waves of dissolution as a result of the woman being fascinated by her new freedom, and her impulse to experience this freedom to obtain quick, concrete pleasures of every kind… I mean, we commit suicide and do not die ourselves well. And then he came back saying that her descent did not answer his concern. The new girl reassures the man that she will work, struggle and earn the same to share in the pension ... But the fact is that the 50 pounds that the struggling woman earns spends on herself a price for rouge, dresses, and transportation .. The house remains in need of a cook, servant, and breastfeeding woman. And a nanny .. Because the fight goes out in the morning and does not return except in the evening .. And if she returns in the back, it is stressful only suitable for sleep .. And after getting up from sleep, she must be entertained, of course because she is fighting ... Of course, wrong, the six Egyptian work and return to Mulla, and she cooks and tickets for children, ironing, washing and sleeping on itself at the end of the day. After that, Dr. Mustafa Hob stayed on the woman in general. It is easy to find every day a woman who hates a woman and affirms her, and it is very difficult to find a woman who can save another woman for friendship and friendliness, for friendship is an art from the invention of a man alone. The woman clings firmly to the company of the ugliest woman. The most hated thing about a woman’s heart is the girls ’backwardness, because in reality she doesn’t like girls of her gender. The examples mentioned are very simple and I tried to summarize me as much as I can. In fairness, the book contains a few good articles, not all bad, but his talk about women was enough that he would block me completely. There was an article read by Zaman saying that hating women is one of the habits of ignorance, so it is very unfortunate that ignorance overlooks this view in an era that is supposed to be an era of civilization and progress, and the catastrophe is that the intellectuals and the elite of society are the ones who despise the female. O people, not arrogance, and God is the girls, but a blessing from the blessings of the world ... a robe of mercy ... and a gentle aura that radiates joy and happiness in the home and the adornment of life and a veil of their doors from the fire. The Prophet taught us that the girls had a visa to enter the committee, but they had no interest. Well, I say to you, once, there was a need to speak on the part of Bidour about the daughters of one of the caliphs. A gentle, respectful, and gentle one replied to him: Woe to do not listen to him, O Commander of the Faithful, for God did not rightly ill, and no great womb, nor help in the misfortunes of eternity except here. . We are saying all this, and the Prophet recommended us companions for the vials, and I honor them with generosity. We don’t speak again, we need to listen to the song “Balance of Life”, you are singing Hammoud Al-Khader, so we can taste our blood ...
Tughra .. Sherine Hinai .. My third reading of the writer after Nickrophilia, and the box of dolls that I consider to be the best from my point of view so far in her works .. which I have read ... The novel&#39;s idea is new and beautiful, and it has a lot of historical information that adore history in general that I knew for the first time. But it was unsuccessful in many parts ... The novel is three parts ... The first .. I hated myself and hated the revolution in this ridiculous part ... language, subject matter and plot as well ... revolution, harassment, immortal and immortal, his mother&#39;s illness ... to Etc ... the second .. the best and most interesting in my opinion .. all my events were in this part ... the third ... shocked me that it is the weakest and for Yes, the first part ... Imam&#39;s dialogue with Salah al-Dawla Haraaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, my younger brother, I do not think he is convinced of the same. It did not appeal to me frankly, it took me a long time because it is boring in many events ... The novel that attracts me does not take more than two days, no matter how busy I am ... I always read in transportation, but it made me better contemplate the way back and the sky back:. Good luck in the next works ..
If there was less than a star rating, I wouldn&#39;t hesitate to rate it. Start with a framework that does not fit into the novel, story, or even biographies. And ending with the idea that I have not understood its significance for now. If the writer did not reside in the country of scholarship for the entire period of his studies, but was traveling, does this mean that he is a stranger? I personally found reading this book a waste of time
The book deserves to be exacted. From . I originally do not like the books of human development and self-motivation with a sense of naivety in it like this .. But the advantage of the book is that it was a definite idea that I had in them puzzled with an idea that I liked and benefited from them .. It contains many boring needs and great needs more but just as I said its advantage is that you enter in the new way and you have hope It is sweet and can be used as a necessity.
I do not see the purpose of the novel, as a narration of juveniles, but just two pieces
I did not like the novel very much, its beginning was interesting and interesting, then it became very boring. And this is a waste of time, loss and repetition of Al-Fadhi .... And there are no emotions and no feelings for her characters in the marginalization of natural human beings. Two dimensions in the Badia, its events were fast, excessive, and after the text, it became slow, slow and boring. The thing I liked most about describing Jerusalem, its homes, its corners, and the overlap of Arabs with Jews with foreigners in it ... although the picture was often negative. The novel had nothing to do with patriotism, but its end, which in the end, was open
Audible. naive
Firstly, what she read is not a novel .. We can say a girl’s diary during the adolescence and the beginning of youth ... Secondly, the author here does not perform a literary work and creativity in it, but she has a path she drew on herself for events to convert it to a specific path. Thirdly, the aim of the novel is brainwashing and identifying a specific idea and describing it as right The absolute and everyone who returned it is the absolute error .... the teenage period for every one of the daughter and the boy is similar in it to the one who meets himself in commitment and in him who has the curiosity of starting in every direction..but we are all after a certain stage we realize the reality and learn from our mistakes ... the vision has an idea Obedient and very extremist .. as the man must be in good faith Refia and we pray together and be my sheikh, and we perform the night, whether this is really nice talk, but this is the words of a teenage girl who knows nothing about life and looks at the world with a narrow view ... like the one who is demanding the application of the Sharia in the ruling and is thinking about the problems of governance other than the apparent needs ... and which one guarantees Lea, if I choose the specifications, this will be my choice, right ... What is Saad Eddin Al Hilali, and with his collection and many elders of the highest commitment, they remain good people .. And he will not have this person like the ISIS youth and the group of atonement and immigration ... Also, I ruled that everyone who is like forgiving will be Walnut pitched and sold once in an animal. Why is it the rule and the majority are around us guys like Sameh Ayesh Their lives are long and wide, and the majority of them have settled after the passport and live happily ..... and after that, they will not be quoted as saying in a narration .. We can say an Islamic book so that Christians will not read ... so that they cannot read their religion insulting me in a work that is said to be polite ... even if the opposite What happened was the writer was a Christian and speaks the same subject and mentioned in the description of the mosque, as I mentioned in the description of the church, the world has taken place, considering that the book contains insult to religion ... whether we disagree and agree on interfaith relations with each other, but if you want to communicate a religious thought then I must warn that the book is related to Muslims only
Last year, better than the current, Elaf Kinda. Proximity to the sanctuary. How to respond by reception staff
Utopia renews my bad relationship with highly-rated books ... My first experience with the author and with a book of this kind, I do not say it is disappointing but not up to expectations. Unfortunately, I did not add anything new to me .. The idea of the novel deserves five stars, but the way to narrate it does not deserve more than one star. In my opinion, the writer should have pondered and deepened more with a novel that carries such an idea .. The writer created a new, futuristic, dark, old picture of the reality that Egypt lived before The revolution .. Utopia, the city in which the rich isolated themselves, chosen, and the rest of Egypt, in which the poor Egyptians were isolated, compelled .. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq presents a new image of utopia, as it is not the utopia that belongs to Plato and if it appears from outside as well; since you know the composition of this city from Egyptians are stakeholders and the Israelis and soldiers a To Marines until you discover that she is no less ignorant and lagging behind the corresponding community outside her .. All this puts you in a strange paradox with the name chosen by her writer .. Utopia. The protagonist is Jaber, who is the poor young man from outside Utopia who, despite the filth of his society, insists that he remain a human being even with his enemy, and that is represented by another young man coming from Alaa Utopia. Alaa, who left Utopia in search of a prey caught by that impoverished community to amuse her, becomes the prey and only finds Jaber who is trying to free him and bring him back to his utopian city. Certainly you will hate Alaa here, but it is not a condition that you love Jaber .. Although this narration is placed within Classification of science fiction, and some prefer to consider it a story of horror, exaggerated, highly pessimistic, and almost close to the nightmare, but I at least did not see it, unfortunately .. Perhaps this was from the effect of Mahmoud Shukri’s memoirs to God on me in bare bread .. Note: Maybe if I read this The novel before the revolution to change my mind about it.
disappointing. The hotel is excellent. Towels are not clean, late in requests
A light, conservative account reveals to us human relationships. The good thing about it is high-end nudity. And the bad is the elongation. The novel is normal, neither new nor exciting
An ordinary novel with all its details
Weak. Proximity to the women&#39;s chapel. Room SmellSmall RoomsThe price difference for Boking buffet is more expensive with Real difference, lack of variety in the breakfast buffet
I bought it because I thought it was beautiful and strange, but I discovered that Samarkand is a hoax. It made me love her, but I never saw her. I tried and tried to get to the end and couldn&#39;t, because my time will not be wasted. Reading something boring and despair in my heart:. So as not to underestimate the author,. Translation can be weak and detract from the level of the book ... Always books in their first language are more beautiful and pure. :
The beach is very dangerous We only used the beach and pool. The beach is nice, and the water is clean. The staff are very helpful and polite. Unfortunately, we will not go back there even if we live here in Sharjah, because swimming is very dangerous there, due to the Jet Ski grades. Even if there is a designated area for swimmers only, there is leadership in this area, and it is very fast. I have tried to complain, and I have verified that even the person in charge of water degrees is driving the same way. They have skipped swimmers on many occasions non-stop. The question is not whether a problem occurs, but when it will occur
The fear of the two children went out and made the soldiers look curiously ... the mother said: They are hungry ... I no longer have milk ... Aljawish chanted: What is your political opinion? I do not understand your words . What party do you belong to? I do not know . How is that? Do you not know your country? . Yes .. I know it .. Siswanyar farm in the city of Bazi. Are you with the Republican glaucoma, or with the royal white? I am with my children. What does your husband do? They killed him. Where?. In the woods ... three days ago ... who killed him? Glaucoma? An egg? Killed by a bullet. . This is how Hugo summed up what he wanted to say in the whole novel in this simple yet profound dialogue. Hugo criticizes the Republicans and monarchists in their brutal struggle .. Both were dealing bloody and the principle was that the most violent and the least merciful will win. What is the use of war, then, if the sufferers of their woes are the poor and the simple, who may not even realize what is happening around them ??. Is it right to walk the path of blood for peace? And now more than two centuries later, France has become one of the civilized countries of the world because of this bloody revolution ... Was it worth it then? Was the sacrifice of thousands at that time inevitable for a better life for the thousands who came after them? The answer to the question is difficult ... especially since Hugo did not live until the current age to see for himself what changes in his country ... anyway .. Except for that conversation, the novel was very boring for me .... a hundred pages only for the sake of talking About a two-hour siege of a castle? I think this is enough for me to flush out any iota attracted to the story. Instead of Hugo trying to set the war as a background and the human being in the spotlight, he did the opposite ... and the whole story became an event of war, hit-and-run, attack and defense, and talking about man became timid from time to time ... so I didn&#39;t like it. Like the other works I read to him ..
The topic is beautiful and purposeful, but its idea is repeated and its style is normal and direct .. I do not narrate anything innovative about it
I had set a high ceiling for the book .. Perhaps because it came from a man as long as I liked everything that was said or written ... Without remembering I took a large share of the book .. I was disappointed ..
Swindlers. Cleanliness. We booked a certain amount, and then when requesting an extension, they raised the price even though we are not in a season. They put us in time, ringing the hour at noon, and I have a schedule for hours. I mean, I leave my appointment to settle the checkout and I do not accept the increase. Marmata. We asked to speak to the hotel owner and spoke to the receptionist and he refused to tell us that he was in a meeting. They noticed that he had just turned it in. It means inside the hotel and the hotel owner in Riyadh says this.
Bad services. . They do not carry out resident requests
Very weak. . Not renting singles because they are annoyed and have a very bad handling style
An attempt by the writer to enter a new world on him, but in my opinion it is an unsuccessful attempt, the characters are trying to represent something but they turn into cartoons .. a novel idea about a new forum or electronic group, but their implementation and creating a plot from behind it turned into an Arab series In the spirit of Channel One, she tried to contain a teaser, whether by introducing crimes or sexual relations, but she failed to attract attention and announce her seriousness.
It was not the expected splendor ... The memory of the killing of Hussein will certainly remain the ugliest, but the narration of events was not interesting. It was not interconnected .... The last part is my favorite when imagining the existence of Hussein, despite the difference in time, place and people, in the end this conflict is the embodiment of what happened Always and never on planet earth is a purely authoritarian struggle .... His analysis of the chosen character was very good .... His method of revenge was completely inhumane and translates into a desire for power convincing of his revenge against the Hussein&#39;s killers certainly less than my expectations, but it is not bad
Yesterday I craved a grilled burger I said: Let me enter a site: I see the best feeder for the grilled burger The meat is special except that I get .. I took the description from the net and went to him .. I asked for a meat meal I swear to God the restaurant is very very normal .. On your praise this; I expected it tastier but normal
The novel is good. I am laughed at in many situations and the Egyptian accent used in the dialogue added a nice atmosphere .. but its Arabic language needs more effort to reach the level of literature, because the language is somewhat weak ...
Hey, yeeyyyyyyyeh I say what is the matter .. It seems that I had bad luck in my novels. The novel evaluates a black and white film: it cannot be met without it, and since it really did what I think in this period, it is good for a time, but currently it is not believed .. The matter that confuses me is why the Egyptian writers in particular, and the Arabs in general, are more than described in the description, especially in matters of love and love, and so what is it A novel that walks without a cam is not a sight to show your mercy, Lord ... the man’s world is his style and his narration with his length is good but his cold and the narration its events overturned in the end on the sake ..And the idea of the family&#39;s insistence on choosing a wife by returning it .. x As the novel Ptousel and Ouseltha in a way good violin affection Elly exempt from it be bad ..mistos literary Raaia Hadi and bustle of the novels has Mvyehosh days .. In total, like what you told in the first black and white film. The first and last experience, God willing, with Abd al-Hamid was the quality of siphon
One of the worst books I&#39;ve ever read ... is bad in several ways:. First: In terms of style, as if you are reading the thoughts of a bad-language teenager who is hesitant and does not know what he wants. To remind myself that the writer is a man in addition to limping to ideas and then moving to others and then returning to the first ... Second: In terms of language, with my great respect for the writer, but he is modest in language, I think that he rushed to print this book when his writings won the admiration of some around him in some poetic writings or that contain weight and rhyme easily feel his search for rhyme and the last letter and his neglect of meaning so that makes what Poor writing your hips. Third: From the aspect of form, the book has about one page pages, I finished it in record time not because of my speed in reading, but because every page contains four short lines in the middle of the page at the top of defrauding and manipulating the reader, I want to ask him does he feel happy because the number of pages is his book Almost fifty turned to a hundred and seventy? Such a book. I hope that novices will not read it in writing so that we readers will not get sick and our reading level will decline in the future because of such writings ... I apologize to those who love this book ..
Failed and disgraced the city. The location near the sanctuary. Lack of services, no restaurants, poor reception, and lack of knowledge about the condition of the available rooms.
A nice book to read does not take more than two hours, but it is not worth buying it
Possibly, I did not understand the meaning of the novel, but its love and the people working on it are a shower of increasing distrust in its beginnings that attracted me to the point that I concluded its text, but the part of the state’s star interest is a luxurious part and a length of excess of necessity is a fictional story that I came back to connect between events, but the link is weak, not the beginning of this part On behalf of Saleh, the star of the state and its end, he admired us
Using the code, symbols and messages from the killer adds a lot to the mystery and suspense of the story, but it is still really complicated. The writer&#39;s study is clear to her .... But: It is forbidden for you to rest on us. The idea is interesting and the use of legends always attracts minds and places a great burden on the writer. To put a satisfactory end to the state of anticipation created by the events. But ...... the end, despite its simplicity, but it is not convincing ... For example, removing and installing the nets after leaving it is a very easy need, the criminal laboratory discovers it, and it is very difficult for the wife to not guard her. The ritum is fast and my report is not visible in the narrative narration .. From your style, I think that you will be created in short stories more. I&#39;m sorry for the superficial dialogue, as it unfortunately reminded me of the dialogues in the series
A long time ago, I was hoping to read this novel. Unfortunately, it was well below my expectations. Boring and has a lot of verbiage. Events never make sense
I think it is appropriate for the time that I write, and if there is a lot of desire in it, and ideas are somewhat strange ... Currently, many needs differed.
Just two words: Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq is no longer a storyteller or a stage novelist for me.
A book in which the writer spoke in a narrative style about the Lebanon war and the siege in it and wrote something of his life there. The book is OK. From the quotes:. And coffee, for those who addicted to it like me is the key to the day .. And coffee, for those who know it like me, is to make it with your hands, not to bring you on a plate, because the holder of the dish is the bearer of speech, and the first coffee is spoiled by the first words because it is the silent virgin of the morning. Dawn, I mean dawn, antithesis. And the smell of coffee absorbs the sounds, even if it is a greeting like good morning, and it spoils .... Coffee does not hurry to drink. Coffee time sister. Leisurely sigh .. leisurely. The coffee smells tasteless. Coffee hopes and permeates thoughts and memories. . Here, at the heights of smoke, on the stairs of the house,. There is no time .. We do what the rookies do to God: We forget the pain ..
For me, the story did not begin until after Salah entered the hospital. Before that it was long and very boring. page. I think they could have just been. Especially since the literary style is very weak, just an account of events. . The strongest in the novel. Dialogue between characters. Very natural. If we try to rewrite it, we will not write better. . ... It provoked me if he could use another method
I did not expect . . Sewer smells from the lobby to the corridors of the rooms, the air conditioning was not working in the lobby, the wedding hall arrives inside the rooms
This is one of the first novels that I read, when I was in the middle .. I mean years ago I remember very well those moments that I read in my grandfather&#39;s house, may God have mercy on him in Yemen, and I finished it on his bed, and with the tears that rained on me. I smile whenever I remember how eager I was to read in the past. :. And now I remember Dr. Essam.
I’m going to the sweetest and unfavorable branch with all the riyals I paid
I liked his description of the ranks of the human psyche and how it rolls over a person. As usual, I did not like what he said about women in the article of shouting, as if the mule is the common cultural heritage of women. Here it is clear that his troubled married life affected him and his opinion in this regard
Weak. . The toilet does not clean, smell cigarettes throughout the apartment
I am satisfied with my stay at the hotel, but I am not impressed. The hotel is normal and reasonable, and its location is excellent for me, it can be easily reached for its privileged location on Sixty Street. Room glass cannot be opened to replenish room air
The restaurant is frankly its prices are high, and nothing means what it deserves. All this is nothing special, even the taste and nothing
Patients . The location is excellent near the campus. Very crowded at the elevator, room service is poor, cleanliness is acceptable, general service, reception and other satisfactory
God, Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud, may God have mercy on him. The doctor begins his book by talking about God in Islam, about his names and attributes, explaining in a simple way its meanings and explaining it and examples so that it can be easily understood by the simple reader like me ... In the second half of the second book, Dr. Mustafa discusses how to worship God from the dawn of history and the beginning of monotheism and its origins And how it and what advocates believe in it and their mistakes and what they have suffered in an abstract and fair manner, and then it is transmitted to the scholars and thought and their sayings and beliefs and talks about the great philosophers and their theories, in this section I found the amazing wonder, the way they understand For the universe to make you wonder in your heart, do I have such a mind as the mind of these, despite being wrong Yen, but how they really deepened their thinking and search for the right thing called for admiration ... At the end of the book, the doctor responds to those who denied God Almighty and about the contradictions in their claims, even I felt that the last chapter is taken from a book of dialogue with my atheist friend .. What I did not like about the book is the repetition of some sentences, arguments and vocabulary in a way that makes you feel that you are reading some pages again with changing prepositions and punctuation .. It was a good experience with Dr. Mustafa that many experiments will follow, God willing, until I come out with a result that satisfies my curiosity. .
I read the book after I heard a lot about it and was shocked from the first pages that it did not rise to the uproar raised about it and it was unfortunately not that wonderful that people talk about it because the book offers a kind of love that I despise deeply and it is love to the degree of slavery and I believe that it is not permissible to love someone to the degree of slavery then slavery to God Alone and there are many religious abuses in terms the writer has similar to some verses of the Holy Qur’an, and this is similar to the distortion of the Holy Qur’an.
I started reading the novel with a high level expected befitting what I heard from positive opinions about it, but unfortunately I was very disappointed because the method is boring to the extreme and the writer’s jump from event to event is very disturbing .. Despite my great love for history, the writer failed to convey the image of the events that he would like To tell it .. maybe this is my opinion that I read it right after I read novels that dealt with history in an excellent way like the maker of darkness / the twenty-third night / Antecretus
Useless and its price is inappropriate
Among the weakest works of the writer, Razavi Ashour, the novel is a very monotonous style and a purely reporting style in which there is nothing that attracts the attention of the continent.
Unfortunately, my hopes were disappointed. The novel lacks an element of dialogue and events that are not interesting to readers, but it reflects the suffering of the girl, whether a mother, wife or widow in a male society in everything. In my opinion, life with love remains and lasts, and the woman is love and is the life of the male community without a female, it is a naked society from everything
Ghada Al-Samman paints with a brush of imagination and the colors of metaphysics, her square moon to wander us in his ten colorful halls as follows: / Beheading the cat / Mineral crocodile / The plot on Badi / Record I&#39;m not Arab / Dying visitors / The swan fairy / Thirty years of bees / The other side of the door / Air-conditioned egg / Closed brain castle. Ghada was in some of this book an artist and an idea and narration, but I found it boring in some of the larger ... Quotes :. Marriage is no longer a part of a man’s life and an end to a woman’s life. Love is a part of their life and not a focus for her .... I want you to love my truth, no picture you draw for me then try to force me to become her .... I will die under bombing instead of this cold silent humiliation. With time, we are satisfied with the recognition of many facts that seem at first sight irrational .... ... and knows that writing stories is essentially a life with ghosts that we summon, invent or know .... .... are not my souls a ghost museum wandering in cities that stop It has a time from a time .... ... when we say absolute honesty, no one wants to believe us .... N make a wrong decision ...
Good to stay for the location and price, not luxury. The location and beach are clean and the price. Room size and room furniture is very old
Her first novel, I read Al-Aswany, is a novel that arouses compassion for the weak writer in vocabulary, expressions, and simile sex unnecessarily. In most of the novel, the unknown end of most personalities.
The last time I lived. . If there is a long time on the sound of the TV, there is a simple need, and the security came up and told the door to tell you my fault, if you have no sound
It was not as expected and the time management method was not good ... but it is nice that he discusses the reasons for the lack of organization and the tests in it are nice
Bad and dirty place. I don&#39;t like anything. The overlap of apartments through the concierge, the poor quality of the furniture, the absence of a kitchen worth mentioning, the absence of insulation, your neighbor hears you as if you are with him.
From travel stories. Carry it with you while you travel. Amusing and nice
The novel could have been more beautiful; if the writer focused on the events of his life, instead of focusing on others; talking about knowledge and friends in this way shook the novel’s time and sequence ... This second part of the biography had a lot of repetition and a lot of boredom, so my evaluation It has less than the first part ..
The novel is very boring. I am surprised how the writer of the novel himself is the author of the poker bamboo leg. It seems that the writer developed a lot of himself
I try to be fair and write a respectable comment on the late novel after I shortened my comment to the asphalt costume: but I will try. As for the message that the writer wanted to deliver, there were a million ways to reach it and be interesting more than that. The cover of the story and its name and the beginnings made me think of something from metaphysics, but the writer presented the suffering of a psychiatric patient and the extent of his conviction of his illness very well, even if the end is not clear. It contains other valuable messages, which the author shed light like. The psychology of dervishes, tomb dwellers, and the continuous effort of young people to get out of this environment, which pushes girls to marry commercially ... or sells her body in exchange for leaving this life. Young people, clinging to science and ultimately touching, will be a lifeline to them, or turning to others. A message about Al-Fasa&#39;a, a mixture of corruption and stupidity spread in the country, and the writer presented it in a wonderful manner with several examples:. An important message about human curiosity and the human need for knowledge, which always drives it at risk. A message about the neglect of doctors and government hospitals. A message about the issue of sectarian sedition and it is like a piece of meat that is thrown to the public opinion every period in order to inspire the issues of major corruption, and in the end, a spirit of ignorance prevails, the guilt of both sides and the issue is forgotten. One of the best sentences that she said in the novel was its end. Search for the dead in those around you; those who do not speak when the time comes to speak .. and do not search with their open eyes for light when darkness prevails .. and they do not move no matter how the slaps in their faces turn. Do not try to give them life, for they will not accept your gifts, leave them there .. Do not bury them in the earth, so the dust of the earth is created for life, not for death.
I wasted my time and didn&#39;t finish it. Cliche style, noticeable, strong, deep sadness. She is talking about the fact that you live your freedom like you do not want, but not in this way:
Weak. Close to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. Poor management of cleaners first is annoying over the course of twenty-four hours. Also, the bell rings ring continuously. I open the door and then ask me whether I want to clean the apartment or not, as well as the receptionist opened the door in the master without making sure the apartment is inhabited or not, and also the second day the doorbell rang the receptionist constantly. The door. Imagine asking me how many beds I have at the top of the inconvenience, and this is the first time that I live in a hotel with this inconvenience and create another time I live in it.
A large headline, larger than the content of the book, as if nothing more than a collection of articles. With other reservations
The place is beautiful but needs attention. The location of the hotel and its basics, such as the presence of the beach, which is the most important feature and the swimming pool directly in front of the rooms. First the furniture in the rooms and the paints is very old and needs to change the pool right near the rooms because it is not clean and the floor is broken which caused my son a large wound in his leg and closes my role and it is better for the resort to give more time because there is no other activities the beach is a sweet position but it is also not clean and you cannot sit and you Relaxed needs great care and attention. Breakfast is normal. I mean, there are varied items like the rest of the four-star hotels. Resorts are everywhere where you find internal activities that exclude you from going out except in the necessity, but in Al-Durra Beach, there is no entertainment activity for the young or the adult. Hair and uniform T and the status of a remote and most notably his appointments from the clock era and closes after CDDA
A beautiful novel. I lived with her in my comfort. Even after I completed it, I thought about it. I loved it. But the end was the reason I rated only two stars
not clean . . The smell of the rooms, the bathroom, the sounds of the neighboring rooms, and the lack of adequate parking for his car
I do not recommend it loud, unclean, narrow, and irregular. The site is not far from the Haram, but it is very difficult to reach because it is located in a forbidden place, so going up to it and going down to it will require effort and effort.
A short novel .. It did not take more than hours to finish it ... A good attempt to revive the image of the sacred female .. by presenting the model of the vulgar girl at the beginning of the novel .. Then she revolutionized her life and society by reading her mother’s messages .. Then he left the country and left for nothing Back. In the beginning, the novel, if you call it the novel, lacks plot ... and there are no events that attract the reader, or in any way ... In addition to the unjustified vulgarization ... the cultural rift in this text is clear and clear ... At the beginning of the novel ... I felt that the writer is a boy who does not exceed fifteen years of age .. not because of vulgarity only .. but because of weak language and simple narration .. . Then, in the second part .. where we read the mother’s letters to her daughter .. the novel is transformed and changed completely .. the short language and deep terminology .. and complicated ideas appear ... I don’t know .. I felt that the writer had finished the narration when he started providing the messages .. and I felt then It started with a similar translation of other texts .. Perhaps this is the real area of Youssef Zidane .. The translation..or summarization of ideas that came in books and large volumes .. And in it he creates more as a carrier of ideas than as a producer of ideas. Despite the beautiful language .. However, some syllables are terribly incompatible in their language and subject .. I even felt that I was reading a strange text in a strange language after putting it in Google Translate ... On the whole .. There is nothing wrong with reading this novel .. but it is not a treasure .. Unfortunately, she did not add anything to me except some information about the ancient civilizations .. which of course we do not know anything about .. and dealing with it in this superficial way as Zidane did does no good and does not give a complete or even clear picture of these civilizations and her idea of the female .. Perhaps Zidane was baptized Not to dive into the details of these civilizations for many reasons .. Perhaps he wanted to provide the Arab reader with information ready as he took it D on it without the reader bothering to search behind these ideas and verify their authenticity .. The information received was unfortunately not enough .. just separate ideas that only the female’s holiness speaks to and how the female has been transferred from the civilization of sanctification .. to the civilization of profanity as he called it Zidane ..
Extremely disgusting, I couldn&#39;t complete the novel.
From the first pages of the novel, I knew ... this is not Youssef El Sebaei. Basically, she did not convince me of her desire to write what had happened to absolve herself or to confess while she was nearing death ... despite justifying it on more than two pages. Supervisors of death are blasphemy with people and justifications ... they feel peace and wastage only ... their sense of injustice already fades. Then where does the plot? ... Often, in the second part of the novel, did the events happen to happen? . This may actually accept him ... but I never accept him in the novel. I do not deny that I interacted with the story with my feelings in the first text of it. As for the other half, because I was not convinced of the events in the first place, I was not affected much. I was not so pleased with it by mentioning those sticky personalities who feed on the good of the country and then cursed and cursed it ... and since it was in the first half of the novel as well. So we can say that I am giving a star and a half for the first half of the novel. And the rest for the last half
The first two parts are more beautiful than they are, and they are incomplete
Unsuccessful to entertain. The rooms are good. The facilities are poor and the pool is very small and unclean due to the meadow around it and is suitable for five star rating
It is not that narration that a person must save time
Weak. . Room entry does not respond to any request. The room is not cleaned despite the repeated request. The minibar did not come until after the hour. There is no iron in the room. The positions are not sufficient despite the registration of its availability on the site.
You can summarize the ideas presented in four sentences. Forget your past and learn from it to benefit you in the future, then surpass it completely. Invest all your mental and physical energies in your present moment and enjoy what you are doing now only in the current moment. Draw a realistic future and set clear and explicit steps for what you can do in the future to achieve your plan. Try to be positive and interactive, with a clear goal for his community. Consequently, the author could have just replaced page B and could easily guarantee his naive story inside the pages. I hate everything related to human wish, such as books or lectures, and consider it just a waste of time, and this book is the biggest proof of that. The only positive point is the author&#39;s ability to sell millions of copies of his book and that is why at least one person has been able to benefit from his book
The worst entertainment trip. The rooms are old and very old, and the rooms are a room for people with special needs. I did not like everything
disappointing. I liked nothing but its location. everything
The introduction is very long and leads to boredom before reaching the main events of the novel .. Jamila is a novel with style and style, but it is very close to his first book
Old rooms. Close to the sea. The carpets of the floor are not clean, the bathroom is clean, incomplete, the accessories and the bed from the stone age
The two stars to laugh at his laugh:. Speech reminded me of the days when they used to love us. They feared us in order to sleep and say what does not sleep. I found laughter, but there was no horror, and the stories are all exhausted:
Two and a half stars .. There were genius in some parts of the Kanab, and there were other parts that were sensual, not a relationship, and there was no relationship .. The thoughts are a bit worn out. The method is blissful.
Her talk about childhood and the estrangedness of friends was true to writing and description, which is what made the temporary sun bear the flavor of the truth. If Susan strayed a little from wrapping the meaning in glamorous sentences, losing his abundance of passion, everything you wrote would be visible as morning.
It is like a sweet idea, but unfortunately, the way it is presented, I don&#39;t like it, because I had just a lot of cutter talking about every situation and each character separately. I think that if the events were narrated as if it were a story of a series of events, it would have remained a better measure, especially if it was in a lot of personalities .. especially because I knew the murderer in The text of the novel
The price is high compared to its location. The reception is great and the place clean.
One of the most boring novels I&#39;ve ever had in my life. The number of characters and their stories demolish the narration exactly how much information is in it that destroyed one&#39;s ability to extract any information from it. Do not enjoy only part of the life of Dr. Bas
So far, one of the worst things I read to Naguib Mahfouz at the beginning was a naive teenager style, until I felt that he wrote it at the beginning of his life and the maturity of the sexual teenager. The whole work is projections and not deep. Naguib Mahfouz is a cowardly nature, and Mahfouzah is one of the worst people who writes political projections because they are always dispersed, the vision is not clear and the goal is lacking in weaving. In the end, an unpleasant experience
Articles that I can say are sweet: Me and my brother and Mickey Mouse cabin five fallen sunrise white shirt was myself giving out my birthday my answer answer extra time keep yourself mean
disappointing. . The internet is very bad. The bed is never comfortable. Some employees dealt with services, not polite.
Maan Azd I go to him. Nothing I didn&#39;t like. The cleanliness and the bathroom are C, there is no Wi-Fi and the cleanliness of the rooms is not necessary
Substandard hotel. The food is very tasty and varied and the location. Cleanliness never liked where they arrange the bed, put the nescafe and arrange the bathroom and do not throw the waste from the room and do not vacuum the room and do not arrange it and when we called them they said they will do so and no one came to do this a sub-standard hotel and the neighboring rooms we hear the noise of children in it does not take into account the comfort of the guests
Worse than bad The presence of mice inside the rooms. everything
Unfortunately, I was very much waiting for the third part of the big series Goui. Because the two previous parts impressed me very much with the enormous abilities of Ahmed Makki to present the personality of Johnny and the Grand, including the contradictions between those coming from the United States and Al-Saidi. But in the part, the ideas that Johnny used to enter on the village of Al-Mazraytah, which were leading to funny results and leading to light-hearted quarrels between the two brothers, disappeared. The quarrels disappeared until the character Fazza, who was participating in Johnny’s new ideas on Al Mazarita, was marginalized, and also not using Donia Samir Ghanem’s comic abilities. Arab Idol J laughs were extracted from most of the masses because the work basically depends on Johnny&#39;s ideas or his projects that come to him on Al Mazaritah and that lead to funny results. But, frankly, Ahmed Makki was more creative than performing the three brothers&#39; roles, as he is represented by high capabilities, but unfortunately, I think that this part is less than the previous two parts.
The novel is good, the sequence of events is good, but I do not know why Yusef Zidan always chooses the incomprehensible ends. It is not an open end that causes the reader to imagine what he or she wants to imagine, but it is always an incomprehensible end. But in general the book is good
I was attracted by your style of novel bamboo leg, and I think it is the best. There is no doubt a prisoner of mirrors is a different topic. I fell in love. It just goes through my details ,,,,
Certainly, this novel is not at the level of its predecessors written by Ahmed Murad, although it is equally interesting and chasing events. There are many matters that remain pending without the author providing a convincing explanation. I do not think that resorting to a way out of magic and talismans is sufficient to justify everything. In any case, Mourad is still, in my opinion, one of the most important contemporary suspense and excitement writers.
Bad hotel with the address of employee Saif Khan. . There is an employee named Saif Khan who dealt inappropriately and used my reservation password without my knowledge. When I wanted to make an exit from the hotel, he disrupted me a lot and told me in the letter what amounts he wanted to get back from Soul. Whatever money I need to get their first approval and he refused to issue an invoice to me and when I insisted and told him I will submit a complaint to the policy and tourism authority, a person called Ahmed employee at the hotel entered and solved the issue but on the whole I am a very good person and I will not make a reservation at this hotel again I will never recommend this to anyone In addition, I will actually file a complaint with the Tourism Authority with this employee, and for his idea he objected at first to signing the bill and also objected to the fact that he was stamping the bill and insisted on that as a violation of the law
The worst runner. It does not deserve the value and prices of which are placed in expensive boqing and I found cheaper at the reception The problem may be in the boqing site or at the hotel B ? Breakfast never rises to a five-star hotel is less than normal in everything from the location, dishes and drinks of poor hotel staff dealing through phone headsets. Generally a bad experience for booking from Poking, the worst of which is the Meridian Jeddah selection. Price and hotel generally
An exciting experience for Dr. Mustafa to cut your doubts, atheistic whispers, and reach certainty of faith in God Almighty
mercy
Very weak. . The employees treated the clients improperly, as I had to leave the hotel before the departure time
Yusef al-Muhaimid&#39;s problem is that he wants to make the pages of his story abundant in any way. The novel would have succeeded if al-Muhaimid abandoned an extra page in his novel
Weak. nothing. The location is bad and more than very very bad, Asian community only
Sorry, I will not live there again. thank you thank you . nothing. The receptionist. I did not get my required suite according to my reservation via Albuken. Although I booked your best Emiri suite. I was given a sub-standard suite at the beginning. Has been displayed. A regular suite Ali and I refused to live in it and gave me the worst of the Ameri suite. I didn&#39;t understand why, even then, I was standing at the hotel. I caused damage to my private car, as it used a single gate to exit from the park and also to enter it. Also requested a laundry service. He did not show up. To this day the ceramics. the ward. Consists. And mobile. While walking on it and causing a percentage of dangerous on foot, the room master bathroom did not work with electricity until the engineer was called in. He was called again. After he&#39;s gone. Because he restored the electricity. He did not cheat the bathroom lights. And it turned out to be his malfunction. A replacement bulb was installed, which disturbed my comfort and discomfort at the beginning of my entrance to the suite, a guest room, the bathroom. It enters the smell of cooking the hotel&#39;s restaurant. Across. Its ventilation fans. Obvious malfunction. The bathroom had a kitchen that smelled of cooking. Please do not be disturbed by what you mentioned. He is. Reality experienced by the hotel
The writer is fluent in language and compositions but hiring is somewhat bad and there are no meaningless additions or boring statements
Zero. everything. everything
See this book and other writings of the author. He will feel that this narration is weak and complicated. Frankly, I tried very hard to link it with the cause of the Palestinian people, and I was not able, unlike its sisters in the group. They were clear in embodying the Palestinian reality .. there was a great difference between them and between the time of the white horses or the last lamps of the King of Galilee. I used to increase book tales from my Palestinian heritage. For a history I have not lived through, and traditions I did not know most of, but this narration did not add anything. As a metaphor, I feel like a glass of glass, and a glass of water has been spilled on it, so nothing commented on it. When the story is saturated with sexual inspiration, it immediately drops in my view.
All is fine but the food should be free. . Breakfast, lunch and dinner were not free
I mean, it is a story I don&#39;t know. A fictional romance, which is so distant from reality? . It is not narrated from Bataat Nabil Farouk and the impossible man. Her name attracted me a lot, and in Cam Review they deceived me and let me read it? . But I didn&#39;t deny that I laughed a lot. And it was somewhat needed
The worst novel, I read it, Hassan al-Jundi ... Unfortunately, the events are bloody.
I read obedience, thinking that she was laughing, but this
Very weak. Wi-Fi only was good. The sweep was not clean .. The beds were uncomfortable and the bed moth worked for us very sensitive because the skin .. Room service provided eating with plastic spoons and unclean trays .. The bathroom did not have a drain in the shower and I was surprised that Moya came from the shower in the room within two minutes .. I also spoke with A person in the reception is very logical and tactful, known as Maarouf, who does not deserve to work in a one-star hotel even ... All in all, a very strange experience that feels that you are out of time during your stay in this hotel .. In fact, it does not deserve a single star .. A bad experience sure I will not think of repeating.
My comment is a sentence mentioned in the book: We have not succeeded in writing a good novel
She talks about an Iraqi woman who and her children immigrated to a country to escape death, fear and destruction .. I do not understand the stories, but perhaps this novel is her story that is not strong .. It is closer to notes
A book tells about globalization and how the electronic devices from a smart phone, the Internet and television affected the communication between the same family
Beginning with my fascination with the forty rules of love, I am eager to read another novel by the writer ..... But I was shocked .... The description style has always been a magician that gives your imagination a space to paint the image with a rejection of the Turkish heritage in the traditional life of a Turkish family ..... and this With I just liked it in the story .... I didn&#39;t like the novel&#39;s proceedings, nor its end .... which I describe as provocative ..... I started with a deep description of the characters that ended it with the surface in the end of the novel ... I think it wanted to give shock to the readers in The last novel to end a dramatic tragic end, but it made me provocative, with my longing lost and my eagerness to the story and regret reading it ...
I will not repeat residence. Having a balcony and room size was good. The design and the colors of the room are bad and the furniture is boring, the floor and the walls are gray.
A group of articles most of which have nothing to do with the revolution or its jurisprudence .. Between the lines you will feel hostility to the Islamic movement in Egypt .. I do not know why until now .. His talk about the military and their contradictory ruling on his saying and his action now .. I think that he should read his revolutionary articles
The fourth time I read it to Radwa Ashour ... The problem is that you read the Granada and the Tantori trilogy, and you read any other thing ... The narration is difficult short .. From the novels that you got rid of in one seat .. But this is not refreshing, it is considered good .. Of course it is a topic The narration in the past and the place is not real, and it was combined with real events, such as the bombing of Alexandria, Radwa Ashour, who is creative in it, which always makes her narration come to be optional ... The events of the novel needed more intensification than this. Many events fluctuated, she needed to take her rights a little .. The end is normal. She has two good stars on her:. There is no interest in the cover, as I said on Al-Tantooriya
Tired . There is no. everything
|| . The dupes school, the first reading of Tawfiq al-Hakim. The name I know since I was a child. And I have to admit I was disappointing .. The stories of the book discuss social issues such as marriage, the search for the right woman and the relationship of women to men, my favorite stories from the book Satan triumphs, not the dignity of a prophet in his homeland .. He is not stronger than a man who fights for an idea or belief .. Given that these stories were released a year ago, their ideas were widely circulated in cinema and small screen movies; therefore, do not make you feel surprised because you have previously passed through you in one way or another; Nevertheless, I have never been bored ... Every story knows how to keep you until you finish it. ,. Inevitably, I will not be satisfied with one meeting; I know that Bahr Al-Hakim is very deep and that I am only standing on the beach. Done
Star unit for the poem :. The remorse of remorse
Bad hotel by all standards. I did not like the hotel, except its location near the campus. Bad hotel by all standards. Cleanliness is very bad. The bed is in the moth. We were booked nights and left the hotel from the first night. I advise anyone to do it.
Very bad hotel. Tired service.
After reading the novel, I thought very much: What would happen if the novel came out in the name of a different writer? The name of a new writer, or even anonymous name? We don&#39;t have to. I bet Dr. Ahmad was feeling dangerous, writing the son of Al-Murra, and not far away. He used to drink and drink two Beryl, and he says I am gid ... eh, the story is completely copied from this, from a group that I understand is ready for me, and is stuck in the novel? Her work before that, when he used a story that I don’t remember her name, in which she talked about Robinson&#39;s disease prepared for me, he used it once in horror, and once in a joke. Insults, sex, insults, sex ... I do not have a problem entirely with the two, but like what I said: Dr. Ahmed was trying to say that he was a stump, but I think that this is a teenage stage and I am going forward ... You will not benefit anything, when I read something, it is more like a catalog : Look at your Excellency, people. This is what I lived, of course, you heard about poverty and slums, but I assure you that you are not a needy person, go ahead with me, go ahead, this is a blame, I want a man ... a toasted character, the villain, who had to exist; so that there is an end, Trouble, knot .. I thought a lot about the wicked style who does not appear pure, in which there is talk about being a legend and dangerous, but, if it appeared, he would be in the shadows. This is somewhat famous in foreign films .. The revolution, man, is forbidden to you, I am complicated by the faucet of the revolution in the stories and novels, but I was saying with a reason: if it was written well, what is the objection? Do you write this? . Until the first time with the heroine for the first time, she thought of me as Curry, Stephen King. But it is not important .. I still insist; that Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq has a big problem with the names… Abu Ghusaybah, Abu Haiba, Abu Farha, Al-Dalgamouni… names that he used a lot, or use the style in their possession .. as if I watched the prison scene In one of the Arabic films, and I hear the names of the prisoners, Shaftura, the inspector, Abu Sunnah .. The novel in general allows me to imagine someone trying to do a specific need, but he does not know, but he feels that he must complete it, because it is time to do this thing that everyone is doing now .. And so he presses himself, and he tries, and pushes ... uh, uh, aah, huowooh, ohaaaaah..and finally the machine came up with a cloth ... there is no passion, no joy, no sense of love of De need. I am sure that I have a good sense of literary work, and I know if the writer was amused and liked the work while writing and not .. Cover: Mustntosh before reading the novel I love Ahmed Murad’s design but quoting a specific scene in the novel, and its portrayal .. unlike for example, the cover of Utopia, which It was symbolic as possible.
Weak. nothing. What I value is something I paid for, I like it
The hotel does not deserve to be stars that deserve only two stars. The transportation service for all prayers is available by bus .. everything is from the reception staff to the rooms that are not clean, not answering the internal phone after ten o&#39;clock in the evening, the lack of cleanliness inside the rooms and toilets, after the campus a distance of not less than a kilometer and not meter
Too bad translation. Confused and somewhat mysterious.
The first page was a promising start, and I would have initially rated it three stars. . I was disappointed, and I became closer to the Arab series scenario, which specifies exactly what the next scene will be.
The novel is disgusting. She laughs a little, but separates you more than you. The frankness he said is like Fargali Al-Mstkawi. Farghali injustice and injustice of humanity with him
Very weak. . The rooms are not clean, the service is slow, and the swimming pool does not have a quick cleaning
Exploitation of tourists. Just next to the airport. The reception was very bad. I came two hours before the entrance date and they refused my entry, because I wanted the rooms to be full. The money, according to the receptionist
Wide imagination, makes me marvel at the narrow horizon of my imagination. Good language, sometimes heavy,. Ideas, not fat,. As emotions, normal .. Excerpts :. He touched inside him a fragility that does not know whether one of his mountains was, or was it imposed on him by the difficult situation that he is suffering now .. weak and fragile was, as a child his parents lost and strangers fear .. you know that it is an autumn tree leaf blowing the wind, no one cares about any land that is resolved, nor in any case it is The yard of scream .. drunk with praise of Reisha, who tickled his aisle and led him to the hotbed of elation. It was ignited by stirred fires of firewood, and fueled by the spirit of life I am .. Its hours are the same, in which what deserves to be told does not happen .. Or do you see them succumbed to a fate of no benefit from charging anxiety to pay it? .. No one else can decide what is important and what is less important, it is Only you can prioritize the pyramid of its priorities .. Entering the gates of confusion is what was known to exist, so his mission made clear the hunting of the lost truth between all the lies and delusions that were overburdened .. Science lies only in the chest crowded with questions .. I feel that I am in a world of homosexuals that allowed superstitions to dominate On their minds and calamities, they are happy with their anomalies and are proud of it .. You are shackled with imaginary restrictions that they succeeded in weaving Here from Khialatkm.
Acceptable . the breakfast. Small shelf and elevator crowd
Good novel in a smooth style and beautiful expressions .. But I found the story itself consumed and even boring in some sections .. The conclusion was not prepared, but rather it came quickly and briefly, which made it ineffectual for me .. Unfortunately I did not find it worthy of all the fuss that I made
It is a poetic dialogue between three personalities dominated by the spiritual direction. Gibran calls the protagonists of his discourse the gods of the earth in a wonderful philosophical vision of nature and its elements.
Very weak. Only the site. Cleanliness is very bad. Two days the apartment has not been cleaned, there is a bad smell, and the lighting is also dim and gloomy, and also from the first night it was safe and every day they changed it for nights, nothing changed. In short, I do not advise anyone to live or book in it
Booked in Ramadan. The hotel is clean upon receiving the room, but they did not clean during our two-day stay and when we asked, he said that the time for cleaning was over. The reception there was disagreement with every guest at the time of admission, and every day people heard voices arising with the employees. The hotel is bad treatment, and upon our exit, they forced us to pay the full value of the breakfast because we did not receive an invoice from the reception to the buffet and the reception employee when we told him that we did not accept any delivery, as if the reservation was without a meal
One star hotel deserves. There is no. Bad cleanliness. Bad reception.
I could not complete it when reading it filled you with negative energy .. I felt that I was not reading a novel but attended a very annoying women&#39;s council
Anonymous name. Next to the campus only. Suite level, design, lack of breakfasts, inconvenience, and the fact that the picture in Pocnoc does not represent the reality at all, as if you lived in another hotel completely
Good hotel. the breakfast. The smell in the room and the lack of hygiene
disappointing. Normal does not have. Disturbing smells are the first to enter the hotel
Disappointment, I expected it to be the most amazing event for which it caused a huge media fuss, and it is only expected the fame of its writer on Twitter. I do not deny, of course, the literary beauty and the writer’s beautiful ideas in life that were very clear in the novel .. My problem lies in the reality of the novel. I find the knot weak, because the beginning of the narrative conflict was not convincing enough .. The literary language is still beautiful in its simplicity and clarity .. It is never bad as a beginning for the writer, but it was never exaggerated and the captivating beauty that some described it which I can hardly assert that it is almost their experience Initial and initial reading. Whoever reads literature and its giants will know where and how it weighs literature.
They were illuminated by one thing: anger ... anger that was suppressed for years without end .. The novel is full of paper and speech, no more, and full of detail details in a high degree and no margin is necessary despite its ease. I like it and it really needs a mistake. Only part of linking events to the revolution and what should be in Egypt after that
The worst night we arrived at the hotel after a day of travel, it was vile and terrible. It was not anything like the posted photos on the internet, as the pictures were taken from one room and seemed to be cleaned thoroughly before filming. In any case, there were red ants crawling on the floor of the room we took, and when bed linen was raised, bugs flew out of them, and that was the most disgusting place I had ever stayed. Besides, there were stray cats walking in the front hall area, and we talked to the owner about it, so he cleaned one of the rooms for us and did his best to help us, so it was fine. We paid for the night we spent and paid back the rest of our money for the rest of the week.
The chalet is good, but was supposed to have a kitchen. The food items in the buffet are very few and do not regret that the bed is comfortable. Inter net and restaurant
I wouldn&#39;t recommend it at all. There is no. All is bad
Weak. Location versus mass transit buses. The hotel tried to cancel my reservation and book me in another hotel, where they told me that some hotel guests had renewed their stay. After contacting the customer service, the hotel was not able to cancel my reservation, thank God.
Fraser Suites do not recommend it. Wi-Fi services. Misuse of reception, failure to fulfill my request submitted when reserving from booking two weeks before the date of disembarkation, the restaurant closed at the end of the night and it was not available an hour
A beautiful short novel. Like the rest of Mahfouz&#39;s books, he was inspired by reality, which made it painful. Karnak is the story of Egypt before and during the revolution. Narrated in a simple, smooth and brief style. It tells the suffering of the sons of the revolution. And the colors of torture that prisoners face
A very weak language with slang words that are not required. I was really disappointed by the author, especially when I read this book. I found the stories to contain no element of pleasure or even suspense in my view. From another perspective, I do not find it realistic, I have turned the pages only to finish the book.
So normal . . The bedding is ripped and dirty
It is a story, not a novel. It is a fun story that amazes you with its details and the way to tell it and your eagerness to know what will happen, but there is no distinct style for the writer, there is no language care, there is no verbal cohesion, as if it is a story told in a session of Samar and not a novel published and sold. My review is.
Two stars to communicate the events and Dr. Youssef&#39;s exciting style of writing, which draws you from the first word to the last word. Other than that:. I don’t understand why the book’s love for this meticulous sexual description ?? It is more surprising that this comes from a writer who talks a lot about Sufism, and even provides episodes on the righteous saints of God ... I was surprised when I read Azazel before, and he describes how the hero came to the woman from behind, and then I became disgusted in this novel, and Dr. Youssef describes a sexual process in its details, as if you were watching a porno movie to the point of describing the color of the condom that the man wore. The novel does not see any aim other than to portray with us a person who is locked in injustice ... What is new in this thousands of reports can be seen about injustice in Guantánamo ... And the novel for me is a report more than a novel. In conclusion, I no longer know, but I feel that the doctor has more than one personality, as he sometimes accomplishes books for the Sufis and talks about the saints, so if he knows for a few minutes their words taste them, and sometimes he is an accomplished sexual expert whose writings are definitely classified into sexual writings
There is no plot in any of the stories. There is no story and they are all repeated
Summarizes all the problems we face in that strange society. We fear people more than the Lord of people. We judge the victim and hold her accountable for what he did to her .. We leave the perpetrator free. I see that every writer has overturned bitter reality with a semi-realistic novel that bears similarities to reality
The title is interesting, the content is very ordinary
I will not repeat housing in this place ..... . The reception is not good ... the laundry services ... and the external requests are not available and are not answered ... the buffet prices ... exaggerated. The minibar is only provided once once ... and after several requests.. frankly the services are bad.
A star because the name I have been associated with the length of time I read the novel and I ask myself: Why do not have enough knives for all the characters of the novel to get rid of her life and take the author with them? . And the second star, because of the wonder, the novel affected me in one way or another and made me dream of an annoying nightmare.
The first and last time I book it. nothing. everything
Overrated on Albuking counter-reality. There is no.
I do not recommend housing there are much better options. Cleanliness and lobby. Car parking is bad for some employees
ComplementHouse ..... Thank you for these useless and useless books
Normal . nothing. What made me choose this hotel through the booking site is what was mentioned in the description of the hotel that it is linked to the Dubai Mall through a tunnel with the hotel, but in fact that the tunnel is linked to the Dubai Metro and not the hotel, I hope that this note is written clearly so that people are not deceived as I was told there is A children&#39;s club, and upon our arrival, they told us that it had not yet opened, which added to our dismay, as the rooms are very small and do not have ventilation
Oh God, I am fasting :
There is better. No services. To raise prices
When I find a book by Ahlam Mostaghanemi, I do not hesitate twice to read it, but today I regret wasting my time on such a book, which is supposed to contain poetry. I passed on the passage honored, and I did not find what attracts me. I do not deny that the language of Mostaghanemi is excellent, but you did not use it properly in this book. Agar. From a clothesline that is unique to your shirt. From the sun that spies on him. You reveal your secret. Of laundry tweezers. That applied to your clothes her arms. Nothing was left jealous of him except for the clothesline and the tweezers. And in another clip it says. In what I wrote. In charge of my shoes. In suspicion of my sin. In search of your address. What did you mean by accusing my shoes I did not understand. In the end, a book less than normal. I browsed it in less than an hour, and I did not find anything that excites me .....
Your mother considered only a mother and it never occurred to you that in the past she had taken her first steps in life, not caring if she was three years or twelve or twenty years younger. You consider her as your mother ... only. She was born to become your mother, according to .. .. He never came to your mind that she is a person who harms the same feelings that you hold.
Very weak. . There is no hygiene, the mattress is yellow, and the apartment is neglected
Umrah to Mecca. Economical and its price is simple, the road to the sanctuary is easy. I went two days to Makkah, and I had a reservation on reservation, so I entered a triple room. Unfortunately, it was bad. I saw some insects. I asked to see another room, and I found it also with some insects. So I went back to the first room. The bathroom was very tight. I asked to move to another room. He told me the reception passed over after Morocco so I passed it Unfortunately, to no avail
disappointing. Wi-Fi and restaurant was clean and sweet. The bathroom has two swimming pools, small rooms and a bad smell
Frankly, I was shocked to read such a novel by Mr. Qutb
.. on the suffering that results from indifference resulting from long experience in all kinds of suffering .. What remains for someone who is like me to live without knowing to have a life of his own. What remains for him, like his few counterparts, other than to withdraw, and to contemplate fate? ....And not knowing even what we can do for ourselves, it remains for us, as a justification for owning the soul, that remains for us aesthetic contemplation in life.
The first time her village was astonished by it .. I felt suffering while I was in the period of this grain of unhappiness and wanting to bring out the repression that was in any way not important even if someone else speaks ... The important thing is that it comes out and salvation ... so you evaluate it ... The situation today is completely different ... a sense of exaggeration in telling feelings in a frankly disturbing way. The heroine was treated with weakness and negativity, and it is possible because often, he did not receive the weakest characters who love a weak hatch. ..
Melancholy suite. Swimming pool and gym. The internet is bad. Hygiene is bad
She is the museum of the country .. blowing her head to the sky .. striking her veins on the ground .. When the government wanted to uproot it to put the water machine in its place, the people of the country revolted against them and cow flies erupted with them ... The government tried to uproot them more than once to make reforms .. and the people confronted them The country ... I look at it as a proud, arrogant nose ... as if it is an old idol ... wherever you are in this town you see it ... no one planted it, my son ... she slept alone and no one saw her other than the condition she is now ... Every generation comes to find the dumas as if they were born with his birth and slept with him .. It was named after the tomb of Wad Hamid .. which is visited by men, women and children every afternoon ... Wad Hamid was owned by Most of the adulterous .. And he was one of God’s righteous guardians .. His faith is kept secret and he does not dare to pray openly so that his lewd master does not kill him .. I chanted on him a phone to spread your prayers with the water and if he stood at you on the beach then he went down .. and the prayer stood by him at the place of the Domah now .. So the man stayed alone and prayed during his day. If the night came, a person came to him with a food journalist, so he would eat and continue worshiping until dawn ... Al-Tayeb asked: When do you evaluate the water pump, the agricultural project and the ship station? .. The narrator said: When people sleep, they do not see permanence in their dreams .. Then he said: When will that be? He said: I mentioned to you my son in Bandar studying in a school, that I did not catch him in it, but he ran away. He sought it himself. I pray that he stay where he is and does not return .. When my son&#39;s son graduates from school and the spirit strangers among us abound among us, then perhaps we will establish the water machinery and the agricultural project .. May the ship then stand with us .. Under the Dum and Dham Hamid .. Do you think that the Duma Cut off one day? ... there will be no necessity to cut the sphere. There is no reason to remove the shrine .. It is too late for all these people that the place has room for all these things
Horrible, not suitable for the family. Do not go to this hotel if you are a family, there is no entertainment and there is nothing for children, this place is a home for the elderly without smell of urine. One night there was a young man playing on the electronic keyboard, another night on the electronic guitar, Pino, Burke in which he is one man with a full entertainment team, disco two nights a week but in the pool bar area or the courtyard bar, he also offers to eat fire ... The kids also only get one option per meal, whether fried fish fingers, nuggets or fried shrimp, when I asked the delegate why don&#39;t you make chips or fried potato fingers at any time for meals, this star hotel told me not to know this, and nobody complained Food before, sorry what nonsense. Anyone wanting a family vacation is performing Hajj Our g. The village of Eliasson is close to the water park, the highest program for a children&#39;s trip, and there is a group of artists performing night shows. All this hotel has to offer is chicken, the chef must have been sacked from Kentucky as I didn&#39;t know there was chicken they wanted, and most wanted wings, the food was bad, I would have given this hotel less than three stars. If you have paid the adult price for your children and have a metal bed, then ask the hotel to equip you with a suitable bed and send them an email a week earlier, as they changed it the same day in the evening. Be careful when you exercise the gymnasium in summer, the weather is very hot, the air conditioning is at a bad level. A young boy passed out of fatigue because of the heat, and after a minute I stopped due to a heartbeat, I couldn&#39;t breathe.
disappointing. . No electric elevator, room size is small, no games for children. Breakfast is not suitable for Gulf residents. The pool needs maintenance
A naive historical attempt, no ideas, no lingering sentences, an average meaning, and some beautiful literature especially in the scene with Shawqi
Acceptable . . There is an unpleasant smell in the corridors of the hotel, and I reported it, but there is no answer
What I liked most about his ability to describe the degree to which you feel like you are between people and feel what they feel and see what they see ..
Finally, this novel has ended ... which I can only describe as boring. Saramago possesses a high level of boredom in every work I read of it, and it seems that I do not learn the lesson well:. He also possesses a number of innovative ideas, but I do not see him every time except able to distort those ideas and slide them into many complex matters and meanings that only befall the reader. Even the dialogue between the characters seemed to me fabricated. The idea was very good, which is the idea of death interruption, but he got lost in it in the first part of the novel, then in the second part it branched into the imagination of death a woman who wanted to take the soul of a player, and the story was largely naive and hammered, perhaps it makes me remember other things written in Arabic On the angel of death as the resignation of the angel of death to Safaa Al-Najjar, who dealt with the subject with greater compassion, or even foreign films that dealt with the subject with such great beauty as the city of angels ... for example ... but what Saramago did here was in fact boring .. very .. .. remind me to never read anything to him. that&#39;s it
I have a feeling that most of the articles are not affiliated with Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, as they are less than normal and some of them do not settle for anything and an article or two are good.
Finally, the girl concluded the package:. I have been with me for more than a month, and the text of the translation of the translated novels is close to me. The novel is nice, the idea is nice, discussing scientific ideas and inventions, it would have been better if it had pictures, terrible boredom in its text, the amount of verbal and ugly scenes a lot, of course, here are all two words of shit and the curse is the atmosphere of the labs translated by Anis Abeid:. The translation is reasonable, not sweet, and not a beast. The book wanted more coordination than that, especially when you meet yourself with a discomfort, so I can end my personality. The lock is tired, it is not sweet, and the world is so easy for him, because it is not an open end. It is nice as a movie, but an average story. I was building on it more hopes than that, and it was just because it made me dizzy. As for my meal, it is not cheap: /
Weak. . The crew is weak and the service is dead
I did not complete it stopped in the middle. I did not find it so fun. It tends to routine. It has a lot of bloody and blatant aggressiveness. The writer fell into the trap of totalitarianism. She ran out of the narrow special to generalize, so she tried and executed
Bad hotel. nothing. Cleanliness, price, breakfast, services, transfers
Only two stars because he tried to activate sociology in the legal sciences, but the author exaggerated a lot in repeating much of what is legally proven social illness ... so that he abolishes a lot of legislation in the end on the pretext that it is temporary with a specific event and occasion. I only recommend it to expand the knowledge side ..
Warning, stay away from this place..No British or handicapped this hotel is not stars nor even deserves one star and it does not have slopes for the disabled who use wheelchairs as indicated on the website and therefore it was impossible to climb to the second floor to eat. If you need food or drinks from the bar or you want to go to the pool, and you are walking in a wheelchair then this hotel does not suit you. My father, who uses a wheelchair, had to spend two weeks in his room because of this because of the difficulty in moving him outside. The hotel is full of arrogant and rude Russian people who might push you to the bar to order drinks and hit the cups on the table hard. There is no bar for snacks or oriental food. We read the comments and didn&#39;t expect it to be that bad, I still have more to write. My father spent a pound sterling to stay at this hotel and got lost in vacation that turned out to be sad. Stay away from this hotel as the bathroom and shower area were bad and there were no handicapped bars and the staff were rude when they were bringing food to my father. Bar drinks are served in disposable plastic cups. There are no shipping packages or free water, as we were told. You also see workers from five in the evening until midnight
I read more than a quarter of it and I have never been able to complete this type of narration, unfortunately, not my type: /
No new thing, I felt that it was just a matter of expression, but a little long
As it appears from the title are hadiths that are made by the age difference between two or more generations, so the grandmother defends her time and the morals she holds and accuses the new age of losing values and morals, while the granddaughter defends her time and some progress and development. Very traditional hadiths that can be used as nighttime conversations. The discreet language is the best of it
I concluded it on a day. Not boring, and at the same time, I didn&#39;t want it. You thought about me when we try to work like foreign films, looking for something that is not sweet.
Whatch out . . Too bad too we replaced three rooms because of the bathroom
His village is curious, I don&#39;t want more ... because of a book marking the centenary of Zamalek ... I am sorry, Omar Taher ... you are a fanatic Zamalek:. There are needs that laughed at me and the needs of her girlfriend, for example, Captain Latif. The rest is fax
Very weak. nothing. Reception
If the story was the first work of the writer, then it is sweet as a start, but it is a little abbreviated. In the first, it was supposed to write, for example, the reasons for the father being his personality, this is their financial condition, for example, the reasons for his connection to this, but everything was deficient ... I hope the next thing is better:. He wrote in the last story that this is the main story from a group of other stories, I wish the stories would be deeper and have more ideas, God willing:
A book with a lot of desires ... I forgive the lightness of the writer&#39;s shadow known to him, but I doubt that in this book, he tried to work like a lamp, workers do any eve, so it appears sarcastic.
Weak . nothing. Everything
I booked, came and ran away as if it was an ambush. nothing. Blindness, I pray you, God bless you, toilets, as if you were holding a wild line, the top of the blemish, and shit is difficult to enter the chalets&#39; bathrooms. A little is possible, but thank God I took a lesson that I will not forget. He accepted to see the fake pictures of the reservation. If we could see them before booking, we wouldn&#39;t have booked a tip. Pay attention to opening them. God is Great.
disappointing. The only thing I liked is the site. First: The small size of the double room Second: The room service needs speed .. hours in order to bring the water boiler. Three: The receptionist needs literature in dealing with customers
The star has been given to the story of Fatima David, who has always admired the love stories backed by the Palestinian flavor
The idea: wonderful stars. Style: dull star
The level of breakfast is very, very weak. . Breakfast
uncomfortable . . Dealing
One and two stars. I hate writings that are not devoid of insulting God and His Messengers, just to provoke controversy or a stupid reaction to the strokes of fate that do not underestimate us .. The book is his style that reminds me of dreams, I think that I mentioned previously influenced by Poissini, you like excerpts, but the novel in general does not . I do not deny that some of his phrases touch the heart with strength and warmth, but it is soon transmitted by a cold. And I despair at the stupidity of the events ... Of course I do not need to mention that more than one chapter contained an excessive detail of the practice of love to the point of nausea ... Another thing I detest is foolish idiots. Those who walk with their feet barefoot on the glass, they broke it with their hands, and then they wonder: Why did we get this way? . Mary did not ask him to marry him, as this is the natural framework for the practice of love in all religions, yet they hear the phrase of fame: love is something and marriage is not within the scheme. Stupidity and naivety and remains bemoaning himself, which lost half of the complement. And who have mercy and deco soft
Its story is sweet, sad and moving, but it does not rise to be a literary work
I waste my time with it
Too bad there is no flavor at all
Somewhat acceptable. Air conditioning, car parking and shower facilities. The bed is a bit small, just two Abu Nafr beds were combined with each other, and also the bed is covered with a fitted sheet and also two mattresses are generally uncomfortable and the room is narrow but it does.
Five-star hotel. Not very normal. Advice not to book the city and the hotel treated them failed at all
In the novel, one good deed is the end. The novel is somewhat similar to contracting movies. I did not like the idea of the lecture A lecture on love very naive idea. Some of the sentence was written to be deep and is a naive pinnacle
Ok . everything. nothing
A failed attempt to demonize the group
Judge: Malik, my friend Al-Furan? ... Al-Farran: Save me ... O judge ... Judge: What happened? ... Al-Farran: The goose. Judge: Which goose? Al-Farran: The red goose sent half of it to you yesterday. Judge: By the way ... it was delicious in appearance, with pinkish smell and the smell of its mouth-watering meat. . Al-Farran: its owner came calling for it. Judge: Is that what bothers you? . Al-Farran: What do I tell him? Judge: Tell him he flew. Alfran: It flew? ... after I put it in the oven? . Judge: And his money? . Al-Farran: And if he doesn&#39;t believe? Judge: This is mine. Al-Farran: It is.
There is no sigh of his goodness .. His hints and the departure of seagulls who feel lonely. It contains only a spectrum of Juweidah
Everything was fine until the departure date, Sophie, the front desk employee, took out the check-in and taxi booked one minute after we asked for it. And she continues to say that she did not, but her colleague. She screamed at me in French. And the taxi company in French told that there are crazy people who need a taxi right away. She did not know that we understood French, and the expression on her face was invaluable when we spoke to her in French. Hideous emotional personality. I can&#39;t believe the hotel has hired such a character and still holds the job with this behavior. The other staff were fine and I was happy with my stay but this character upon departure spoiled everything. Really, it was the brazenest character I&#39;ve ever met in any hotel.
In short, I make you an income other than the monthly salary
Short, deep yarn phrases
Unfortunately, it is very boring and I could not complete it: except with miracle
Non . No. the room
The short texts were beautiful, while Al-Tawila was never palatable. Generally, good language and ideas, and the book has a wide reputation ... that I love you means. Wake up at the end of dawn. To make you the first name in a prayer and Tari. And find out response times. Pray to God to make you king. . because you are the most beautiful. Read the three verses fortified. I blow my chest once. And in the air two. Perhaps it reaches you. And protect you from the eyes of all envy. . I love you because you are you, you are unlike any other, there is no substitute for you
Our countries are beautiful, and so are the countries of others. The relationship of people to their homelands makes differences. If relations of looting, bribery and corruption were affected by the image of the homeland ... it is easy to obscure the truth with a simple linguistic trick: start your story from the second. Yes, this is what Rabin did simply. He neglected to talk about what happened first
Simply love her, never ever
disappointing. Sea view location. The bed is very uncomfortable in most rooms. The balcony are not clean. The reception does not answer the phone. The room rating is suitable for a star hotel only
A valuable book in terms of details and historical narration with reservations on some points, but my personal experience during my traffic in the Islamic state and I am heading to Turkey, I saw a state system with all the meaning of the word in terms of security and economic movement and the management of the most accurate details concerning the life of the citizen And the application of Sharia, despite entering the prison hours for investigation from me in the police station in the city of Al-Mayadeen to verify my identity, and thankfully they did not know who I was. My attention drew my attention to the fact that the cell was subject to human rights standards in terms of ventilation, cleanliness and brushes. According to the security arrangement of the regions Its residents led the organization under its control. As for the issue of fighting this organization, what I have witnessed indicates strength and high organization. Countries will not be able to eliminate the toxic state even if it is fought for decades, and what is greater hidden?
Unfortunately the hotel deserves a star rating. I think two stars are enough. Poor reception, high cost compared to Movenpick Hotel. . Bad reception. Room service and cleanliness is bad Breakfast breakfasts, table linens and bedrooms are old and worn out. Haraaaaaam called the hotel smells of smoke and all infested inside the bedrooms and corridors. Unfortunately the hotel is close to the campus and is close to its proximity as a feature, and the services and hygiene care have no value unfortunately.
nothing . nothing there. everything
Sartre&#39;s existentialism is something ridiculous than necessary ... some of the dreams and perseverance do not harm you humans ... the protagonist takes the position of idleness throughout the events. I consider myself a person who enjoys the simplest things. Naturally, I do not like a novel that searches for things that lead to boredom, frustration, and yawning. Losing you glamor and life
Zaal .. Zaal and not certified after I read Azazel and Nabati and remained the snake. The truth is that this novel does not compare with them:. Reasonable
Losing the day you spent. There is no restaurant, no parking. The hotel is poorly located, the services are poor, and the price is very high compared to the service and other hotels
disappointing. . Treatment of employees
Two stars for Abdullah&#39;s language, which seemed to me to be very wonderful, and I found him possessing linguistic outcomes and beautiful vocabulary but his name for his small stories in the novel was a mistake, his story lacked plot, the contradiction that seemed evident in Walid&#39;s character spoiled a lot, unjustified love and intimidation, strange acceleration of events. I respect his desire to create a new type of narration, which is the twitter type, but he should focus more on the ingredients he owns and seeks to develop them. All the best for him
Dove novel by Patrick Zuskind. The owner of the perfume novel. The novel as I understood it. It is a coincidence of a fiftieth man facing a dove in front of his apartment, which is surrounded by fuzz, feathers and feces .. And he has explained, but separated, the novelist all the symptoms of fear that the hero has experienced .. based on the presence of the dove and the fear of the hero from it. The dove is ordinary. He wouldn’t think that a strange thing was just a peace dove that terrified a person with her view, who decided to change his residence and he did so .. The author explained what happened with the hero during a whole day. While working as a bank guard, during his replacement for his room on that day ... etc. For me, the dove was the change in my routine life. And because I am a sacred person for the routine, the novelist managed to deride the irony in the state of panic, fear and depression that accompanies me in the case of changing a daily regime .. He also showed that dispensing people is impossible as the hero was of the isolated type, but in the screenshot of the crisis he changed his mind saying: Life without Impossible impossible human beings .. And that reminded me of my view of the world in some times of gloom. The novel also talked about the peace of mind that is lost with the richest of the rich and the poorest and most miserable human beings own it. In the hero&#39;s look towards the beggar. Finally, the hero&#39;s nightmare was to become a beggar and to have to spend his need in front of a group of people and in a city full of Paris, and this represents the small fears that incite us to work to avoid them because they cause human humiliation .. I recommend reading the novel while thinking about each idea deeply, because if you She did not contemplate the incidents, and the novel became extremely absurd
disappointing. Sperm, place and paper. The transportation of the bus in Yalit is more organized, so that only the owners of the hotel are installed and it is possible to have a dime
Don&#39;t you deserve to be honest? . First, we were charged the price of two rooms in the first night, in return for giving us one room. Yes, we were twice the price of the night with taxes twice dirham / time for Hajo in the name of my wife the currency of the company you work for, and once I booked my currency. When the hotel told us that there was a lack of coordination between us and the company in the reservation, and now you have to cancel the other reservation, they refused and obligated us to pay the other reservation as well. Wow, Yala, the monument and de facto politics. We were in one of the resorts in Dubai about a year ago and when we told them we had two reservations via bookings and we crossed two people they canceled the most expensive reservation We charged a price for two nights even though we arrived at the hotel and did not default, but they charged us a fee even though we attended the same night but on another reservation. In my opinion, fraud and fraud, and I demand that the amount they illegally tore us be returned.
There is nothing new in the novel except that the Savior this time is not the prince who is coming on his horse, and that with his kiss the girl will live her eternal joy.
Less than normal. I don&#39;t know where the mistake is, but the stories are all jammed with colors, but the colors are innocent of this nonsense
Smooth sweet for people who don&#39;t know the information, but people with information were. I want to keep it deeper than that
Boring and its style is very simple
Bad . Mavi. Indian and Bengali colony
I don&#39;t know why its sensual is cliche and there is no suspense or excitement. And the quote is very clear from the supernatural series. Then there is no imagination or anything out of the ordinary. One of the other is one of the worst novels I&#39;ve ever read
Almost over-drowned in the desires of craving and cursed ideas of Azazel. To fully describe how the male and female pigeons meet. And there is no writer but Sibli Sefni = and forever keeps what I wrote. Do not write with your palm other than something that makes you happy in the resurrection to see it. I do not care if Yusef Zidan knows that and understands it or not, but I tell him to myself and to each of the readers of the novel, if Yusuf Zidan wrote the porn videos in the novel and he was satisfied with it and did not find it embarrassing, then do not bless it with your high evaluation or praise comment .. Description of Yusef Zidan For places, events, narration and wonderful quotes in the novel and all these beautiful things I have nothing equal and will not make me satisfied with a line or one word pornographic in the novel. I will not be like any other, a passerby and only hinted in my comment on the sexual descriptions in the novel and I say: the necessary talent, more than it alone, was in excessive sexual description. He was not embarrassed when he wrote these descriptions, so how can you be ashamed of responding to them. I will only be as I want and as I know: porn refuses all, whether it is too much or too little, so there is no difference. Creativity is not in the sexual descriptions, this is easy, just leave yourself to Azazel and it will guide you to all the descriptions you want and what more tricks and ideas Azazel and in the novel p. You bring me whenever you want. I am coming from you, from you, and from you. I am resurrected when you want to make your dream, extend your imagination, or turn what memories bury. I am pregnant with your weight, illusions and tragedies. But creativity is to invent from your mind, not what your devil dictates to you, to strive for yourself to be away from such writings. I will impose my conviction on the writer and read what satisfies me, not what the writer satisfies that the readers of porn just because it is a beautiful and wonderful novel
A summary of the history of madness ... Roy Porter ... Britain ... a word ... on Dar Kalma, whose translations are mostly poor ... especially novels ... I acquired this book that caught my attention in its title ... I thought I would read the history of madness differently What the book listed .. The book presents the forms of madness, sanatoriums and treatments that were taken in relation to it from Greek history until the twentieth century ... in eight chapters and a conclusion ... the lack of order of events during the chapters dispersed my thinking and made me feel bored ... literal translation of some diseases was a fall from fallen Translation ... Dar Kalima .. Please three ... Take care of the translation as it is your care to choose books ... Professor of International Medicine Fry at Syracuse University New York, in his book he denies the existence of mental illness. The latter was not, as Zaz says, a fact of nature, but a man-made myth ... Madness has appeared in early religious myths and fairy tales as fate or punishment ... Popular beliefs in traditional societies generally see some diseases as Diseases of supernatural origin. Hence the need for magic to treat it, and the piercing of skulls, for example, was a prevalent recipe for epilepsy .. However, mental dementia was often viewed as a sinister matter that the devil arranged for him and broadcast by witches and heretics .. And the custom was made to treat unclean spirits by spiritual means. The Catholics intended to hold masses and prepare upliftment to expel spirits and pilgrimage to the shrines of saints .. The experience of believers, personally, insanity and despondency as signs of sin, demonic touch, or stray spirit .. In the following centuries, women with hysteria, such as witches, were stigmatized with shame. However, they survive legal punishment. As the diagnosis has changed, and the people&#39;s hatred has persisted ... Dr. Ernest Hetrich Fidel, in German Jena in a year, made a claim that ghosts are fictional representations contrary to the law of nature ... As for Richard Mead, he presented in his book mental explanations for the issue of flagrante dermatosis and other diseases that Traditionally, she attributed to Satan, and he saw that such opinions are common mistakes ... and they are scarecrows in which children and women fear. Popular wisdom borrowed that madness is related to appearance, and that view was reinforced by the image of the artist and writer. The madman was depicted, in a steady and standard way, in jokes, as on stage, as a strange and disheveled being. This manifests itself in the image of men wandering at the top of their faces, who have a feather in their heads, and who wear torn or wondrous names. Sometimes, they wear no stitches or darning. Many of the folk tales promoted such messages ... Vishnu and other humanists revived these ideas in the Renaissance. If a poet is called mad, then this is a compliment according to the customs of that era .. The Italian writer, Ceso Lombroso, from the perspective of mental medicine, saw that artists and writers are mentally disturbed and that they may need treatment .. The process of capturing the insane, in both theoretical and practical terms, appeared in Institutions designed for this purpose in late times. This statement does not mean that the insane were not subject to legal and control procedures before this date. Greek and Roman laws sought to prevent them from endangering life or any body parts or property. The madness, in those days, and what followed long ago, was primarily a family responsibility ... and the disordered people with advanced cases were held in homes. While peaceful Muslims were allowed to wander around and roam the streets, despite people avoiding them, believing these others that evil spirits might fly from the insane and dress them up .. The family was responsible in Christian Europe, too, for its insane members, just as it is responsible for its children. The insane and the idiots of the village remained subject to home care, and were often subject to neglect and cruelty, as they were lying in cramped rooms, similar to what is in cells or barns .. And like madness, it is a disgrace to the family, because he called him a demonic or false belief that there is a defect in The family lineage .. The official work related to the separation of the insane began to appear, moreover, in the late Middle Ages. The madmen were sometimes locked in towers or cellars that were placed under official care .. The nineteenth century witnessed a great boom in the spread of mental hospitals throughout Europe. In England, the number of patients jumped from about one general patient to ten times that number in a year .. The mental doctors were, in a sense, the victims of the propaganda they spread. They understood that many forms of deviant and abnormal behavior, which were traditionally classified as debauchery, sin, and crime, are only mental disorders that require a doctor and clinic. As a result, administrative rulers excluded difficult cases from corrections and prisons, and transferred them to sanatoriums. Those with dementia, dementia, epilepsy, paralysis, triple syphilis and other degenerative neurological disorders were increasingly heading towards sanatoriums. Accordingly, the future seemed to exist, and sanatoriums became a landfill for cases that cannot be cured. , Which focuses on solid bodies, organs, nerves, and fibers. The response of insanity was, again, to a physical disorder, mainly .. Karl Wernke, a student of Mernette, brought German neuropsychiatry to the apogee, as his research on centralization took place ... Wernicke tried to return the symptoms of mental illness to Brain abnormalities. Mental medicine entered its professional era, in the mid-nineteenth century, when a group of mental doctors formed a conglomerate to create special bodies. The troubled did not express themselves verbally, but instead expressed visually through drawing, oil paintings, and manual work .. Mental medicine did not turn To drawings and pictures made by crazy people only in the seventies of the third century Of ten .. mental medicine typically pursued two twin goals, namely having a scientific awareness of mental illness and recovering a mental patient ... and Ogoserlati began using electric shocks. This treatment has become a major goal of critics of mental medicine ... Surgical therapy has enjoyed great popularity starting from the thirties of the last century. In the United States, surgeries of the front and front parts of the brain were adopted with enthusiasm ... In the early 1950s, pharmaceutical companies&#39; research laboratories began developing antidepressants and antipsychotics. And long as you keep the Merciful ..
In short, rubbish. nothing. everything
Finish, then finish. I didn&#39;t like anything. Hey, this group of people who call you want something from the Roman service, and nothing will come to you except after the rise of the soul. This is that Jack, who calls him, is a piece of advice for me. He has an important job.
It is the novel where or what I want to reach ... In the beginning, I am up to now, and I cannot imagine the shape of the Sudanese hero, I think that Dr. Youssef Mosafish, any character in the narration and cold places, I feel that I can imagine Aswan, what shape, for example. Secondly, I read a page that can be shortened to a single page, lengthening and unjustified verbiage ... Third, I want to understand the point of view of the adherent and reasonable young person, which is the story. In conclusion, the novel is worthy of one of the five until ...
Reckless style. And the story is like a love story that adolescents relate to.
I couldn&#39;t even get to the 30th page. Do not say that it does not rise to the level of reading. The book has many admirers, but the owners of deep literary readings find it difficult to accept the simplicity and legacy of the literature used to describe in this book ... Maybe my tastes were the most difficult and perhaps you should have taken lessons in reassurance, anonymity, counterpoint, and symmetry ... Please advise you on your next books, I ask you to see the negative literature of the cores.
Acceptable . The location is good. Services are not available, I booked online, and the reservation included breakfast, so when I arrived, they apologized for that, and a dirham must be paid for the meal
The worst stay in my life. . The worst reception I&#39;ve ever had. Sewerage in the bathroom is not working. The manager doesn&#39;t know how to deal with the customer
A beautiful and light book to separate two books or to entertain and eliminate boredom.
Very weak. . There is an overemphasis on the side of the family card after my family and I came and my case was justified without success
Weak. nothing. Entering and leaving does not speak inconvenience Arabic
Quality of the pad is not good. I did not like anything. The room is not ready, there are no brushes and toothpaste, and the place is not clean
It cannot be five-star. Location only. The hotel or more properly it is called hotel apartments, the best dilapidated wooden decoration, which led to poor aesthetics of the room, bathroom facilities only for one person, knowing that booking for an old TV person and limited channels does not rise to a five-star hotel or four stars there are fingers that do not work and as if you are one of the buildings, the stage of construction and reconstruction recently regretted my strong regret on Stay at this hotel
Bad hotel. Wi-Fi. There are no parking spaces for all visitors and constant inconvenience, and there is an unpleasant smell in the bathrooms and the floors of the rooms are not furnished, there are no electricity service available, the level of hygiene is weak and the pool is small and not clean
May God have mercy on the poet Ghazi Al-Qusaibi ... When I started reading the book, I did not know that the poet Ghazi was hiding behind the hero to write his last will after he fell ill .. And when I discovered this, he sympathized a lot and was affected by the fact that he mourned for himself ... The method is simple and easy to understand .. Also, some of the details that talk about embarrassing things presented in an elegant way that require admiration ... I got some boredom as I started reading quickly to shorten the chapters .. I think that what is missing in this book is more expressive feelings so that we go deep into the writer&#39;s depth ... the most striking and surprising thing It is the end of the book .. The writer, although he made depression infiltrate myself throughout the book, and my brother How do you feel all infected with the disease of depression .. but hope scattering strongly CSICOP cold water on my head suddenly wake up to this end sarcastic. The end was a message that perhaps everyone did not understand .. that not everyone with the disease must feel depressed about the disease he will face .. or because he will die due to this disease .. because death is a right that may visit any person on earth at any moment and he is the hero of the story He died before reaching the advanced stages of the disease, as if the death solution came in the name of his wounds ... Be optimistic until the last moment of your life .. You will find him
I am an oriental man who does not marry someone who loves her except with the consent of his mother and the blessings of his clan
There is no wife since ancient times who did not say to her husband this phrase: I have changed you loved me in the past more than now and the truth is that the husband did not change but the color of love is the one that changed without affecting his building, just as the color of the new architecture changes from time without losing a stone and does not increase its color The foot is only a notice of majesty. The wife can feel her husband&#39;s love with a word, a sign, a gesture, or just a gnawing look that he will throw on her if he pale her face one morning or gets a slight cold. But I did not like the idea that entrenched him, which is the betrayal of the wife
Very weak. . Everything is dirty
God knows
The book reveals the secrets and mysteries of the temple. It exposes the needs of this fact, if it remains true, so we must reconsider the Muslim Brotherhood. The style of the book is literary, but in the form of storytelling. I say that Dr. Tharwat Qadr communicates his opinion clearly in the community
Not worthy stars:. nothing. Poor Wi-Fi Furniture is old and not suitable for the level of stars
It is clear that Nabil Farouk understood the suspense and excitement mistake as if when he repeats the word many times, we will stay at the top of suspense. The idea of the novel has faded a billion times. Beginning on the page, it is almost stretchy and natural. The end is bad and unpredictable, and it is pasted in less than one page. The summary is a light narration that is read during the lost times between two books. One star to start the novel and navigate through the periods of time in a smooth and interesting way
The ugliest hotel I’m really smelled. For foreigners, because they pay more, the hotel is very conscious.
Not worth the amount paid in it. The best thing in the hotel is under the hotel there is a laundry, a restaurant, a small grocery, and a barber .. a nuisance because it is located on a general line, the furniture is very old, there is one elevator for the hotel and very old, there are no cups for tea or water, only a kettle, there is no special for the hotel, in short It is impossible to return to the hotel again.
Cinnarest High, but nothing related to literature. Reading out of curiosity and suspense found in the story ... good use of cinematic work, even if it will be close to Arab and foreign cinematic works that dealt with the same topic. Of course, Rakik’s style is vulgar and absurd .. The absurd justification is realism, as if Naguib Mahfouz was not realistic and a decade. Exaggeration and stuffing Zayed in recounting his dreams, especially after eating the ticket of the blue elephant and weak analogies that he wants to suggest about the depth of his thinking, but it has no depth and not getting it ... just a filling only. Because he also mastered the expression and description, especially in the first part and his analysis of the characters of the novel as a psychiatrist. Exaggeration in the use of spirits, wines, and hashish is boring, and it includes a review of the writer&#39;s knowledge of the types of wines that are not exasperating, that is, the necessity for Al Nisbali as an Arab reader. It is a sweet story you can only hear once, so you know what will happen ... other than that. Praise be to God, I read it online and did not lose money on commercial books of this type
The only need that makes me disturbed is that either I read the book the days, this is the weakness of language and the stubbornness of style. The novel has an idea and attracts a sweet reader. I myself have heard very much, and I read it, but my soul is a writer who writes in an elegant and interesting way, I wish to see this before I die
Weak. I did not like anything at all. Exploited people smell foul in rooms and corridors
I would not recommend the hotel as dismal and not feeling comfortable. The only thing unique about the site .. is not to allow any guest to enter whatever tasks your relationship was with.
The hotel is poor. nothing. Service, cleanliness and price
A wasted hotel and anyone can enter you because of the reception line. Very bad. I took two rooms and they gave me a room where the air conditioner does not work and the second room has people in it.
They are the page on the topic of war, and you will continue ... but on a very serious question ... Mahmoud Bakr, really
A professionally fabricated book ... begins with deleting the Meccan phase of the life of the Messenger. And the goal of Islam makes the state rather than the state being the result of Islam. The truth .. mixes and liquids religion in a magical way that makes every fan of opinion follow it and contradicts himself in many matters in many ways. He calls for the cultivation of the thought of the Kharijites, whom the Messenger, peace and blessings of God be upon him, spoke about ... and he recalls many discontinuous foundations, and that, after his claim that all he mentioned is authentic hadiths ... he is in the context of evidence that has been deleted and completed so that the purpose of it may change. The most symbol you see in the book is .....
Patients . The location is excellent. The receptionist treated C very
I asked for a pizza worse than what is in it and who overheat it burned my mouth with mistake and its taste is stupid at all. It says dough and cut on top of it vegetables and sandals.
How Darwish wrote this book? Bad and good at the same time
The hotel does not deserve two stars. nothing. Low services, the smell of the lobby and its mattresses, and the quality of its residents
The hotel does not deserve to live in it for one night. I never liked anything bad hotel in all respects. Reception is very poor. Staff is not upscale at work in a star hotel. The rooms are old and uncomfortable. The beds are tidy. There is a smell of families and blankets are pricked by ostrich feathers, in which cleanliness is lacking. All working staff are ill-treated.
From . The site is beautiful and distinct. Sunni staff deal slow in procedures, whether entry or exit high price in return for modest service not to repeat this experience
Unfortunately, I did not like the novel
disappointing. nothing. Hotel services
disappointing. Some of the Noble Sanctuary of the Prophet. There is not enough parking, no internet connection
Too bad and bad for poker services. Calm down. I hope that the five-star hotel services are not offered, as there are no hotel types in it. There are no bathroom shoes, toothbrushes, etc., even though I rent a royal suite and its furniture is poor.
Very weak. . The price is overrated
I felt it was a retelling of a novel I loved more than I should but in the tongue of another hero, repeating the same sentences and words and just a random narration
I don’t know what to say. At first glance, I thought the book was a complete novel to complete the series of Scorpios that I was reading in a cocktail .. But as it turned out the book was a compilation of parts in one book. I got excited and said it&#39;s okay. I would enjoy reading some of what I liked to read .. But I must admit that I did not like the book at all. Some of the content had to be modified to fit the length of the book, but the events were repetitive, the ideas were repetitive, and the characters were superficial and lean to the fullest extent.
It is true that how many words make you stop and take a breath. But not at all, it does not meet expectations, but you are not considered a novel even because it is closer to notes
The novel talks about the state of psychological schizophrenia that Egyptian Arab youth live on a daily basis. Perhaps the idea that Mr. Al-Aydi wants to convey to us is a noble and noble idea. But I think the lofty idea will be lost when we use the wrong method to communicate it. This is what happened with our friend. Forget his idea of using excessive ridicule, disgusting words, and sexual meanings. It means a good novel
Very weak. For you. I booked the chalet overlooking the sea, they changed my reservation to a room close to the street, which means what is in contrast to what is in the resort
Sweet, but not wow. For a female narrator on the page, you would expect more interesting events. The end is normal, I left no impression. It was better.
I inherited Islam, I never saw him as something controversial but rather took it as Muslim, so I decided to read this narration, perhaps in search of an answer or a feeling that I would never taste, to choose Islam on the preconceived preconceived conviction that I do not say I am not convinced of, but there is a difference Between learning to swim on your own and growing up in the waves. What I liked at the beginning of this novel was Ahmed who envied him for his extensive knowledge and I wished if I was like him what I did not like is all that remains of the novel, I found nothing but the expressions and I think it is the favorite word for the writer, and I wanted if the whole story was about Islam Nada, about the period of her stay in France On the perspective of her community, on the Jews and Christians, or at least I just wished that the end would be more realistic, that Ahmed loses memory? Hussam gives up on Nada in a manly position after waiting for her for four years? If Umm Nada and the entire Jacob family were to receive: / I felt that the writer desires me with such events, as if she is skipping what she wishes to happen, a story about an ideal world
Eggs.
The first book I read for Ghazi Algosaibi and it seems that I did not make the best choice. Initially there was some wit in describing the case, but I could not bear the fat amount in addition to talking about sex. I arrived by force .. I borrowed it today and tomorrow I will return it to the school library
disappointing. . The staff is very bad and the reception staff are bad
I do not know what to describe the book, I read it until the last line to find something worthy of all the fuss, I only found mystical fables, so I do not recommend reading it.
I could not bear to continue reading
Without the second part that I have not read .. An incomplete novel makes me feel comfortable finding a house like Bloomsbury Qatar. Work is not fit to be called a non-novel incomplete unless we are thus unfair to work
Regardless of the weak literary context that was mashed in twenty Indian films before that, and the legendary intimidation of the girl’s thinking, that the young man must be a Buddha and forgive without explaining that she was intending to do it in the lost time, but I admit that I did not like it except when I saved it, at least so I know the end of the Indian movie What is this?
The novel lost the truth between the story of the traitor Al Bassas and crime, and between the historical history of time and the enormous events in Andalusia in that period. Add to that the symbolism of the novel ... lost and did not achieve any goal completely ... the style I think is weak with my respect for Osama Gharib As a writer ... two and a half stars
I recommend accuracy, not clarity. This is how it started and thus completed it ... The narration contains more details and personalities than necessary in my view, and everything that holds a thread escapes from you .. The description is accurate for the kitkat, its lamp and the way people live at the time. This is my ability.
Unfortunately, this restaurant is from the day I opened. I from the first visit I expected it to fail because I’m eating God perpetuating the blessing. It was generally cold. I tasted something with him. Pasta, God perpetuates the grace. And I think I repeat it again
Very weak. . The rooms are not clean and the bathrooms are very small, as you cannot shower comfortably, in addition to that the service in the hotel is very bad, especially the internet, as the customer must go down to the reception to get the service and pay for it in advance. This is if the internet is available at the time you want, but the air conditioning is very bad and the refrigerators In the rooms, the bed sheets are almost completely cold and I don&#39;t think it was changed after the guest left
Curiosity caught me, and she did not deserve to read this novel. The events are illogical, even from the point of view of imagination and style. No more. There is no soul for this narration, and what the human mind cannot be described as eating brains, etc. is not what effectively serves the story. I would never recommend reading it because of the book&#39;s suspense and style.
I liked the idea .... the idea of freedom .... an honest freedom in that it works what you want, not what society imposed on it .... her choice is that she completes her education and works and rejects it to be other .... but of course we do not like her drift in the freedom that arrived For the vulgarity, and he reached her that she remained a slave and a mistress who was not paid to the extent that she kept burning her and all who she believed in .... And her medicine for me is the end, I absolutely don&#39;t like it .... Sure, this is not freedom:
The fact that I could not complete reading it, I could not taste literary art in it and the fact that I am not someone who loves literary works, although I can taste poetry but I do not read it because I am a person of a scientific nature and I do not look much for literary and artistic works. The bottom line is that my review does not reflect the level of this work and should not be taken if you are a fan of Arabic literature
Bad . nothing. I went in and found the blankets and shout, they cleaned the room, I mean, and the air conditioner was hot and malfunctioning
A bad experience overwhelmed our trip. The chalet site and external chalets. The level of cleanliness is very bad and the rooms smell foul and have walls in the fungus with moisture and bed sheets very dirty, as well as poor cleaning and the price is expensive compared to the chalet in addition to the lack of permanent maintenance of the resort and the restaurant is expensive compared to the quality of the food provided
Below average. Quiet place only, of course the condominiums, but the beach at night is disgustingly noisy. Mediocre services, mediocre cleanliness
Some lines are great, but the book as a whole is absurd
Gorletti with prison literature. I ended this pain in three waves, and I wished that I would finish it in one go. It is human filth; dictatorship of order, usurpation of dignity. I wonder how human beings can be so cruel and ugly, as if they were brutal animals that enjoyed death, abuse, torture and oppression. With Mostafa&#39;s cochlea, I shared pain, disgust, goose bumps and fear ... Now I write and think about all the cochlea in which lives are besieged in our Arab prisons ...,. . may Allah help
A small book with some religious transgressions but interesting ideas. Somewhat positive, the writer&#39;s style and ideas are very clear with him. Information about the writer is good. I was surprised to know that Paulo floundered a lot like us. He entered prison, for example, addiction was a failure, and after all this he turned to the most famous book in his region and even his age increased my respect for that man.
There are positive points for the book, as it was my reading of Al-Masiri that led me to reconsider contradicting philosophy, after the misfortunes of philosophy in high school. But I do not think there is any reason to read this book explicitly, but rather, I suspect a series of dialogues by Al-Masiri and Suzan Harfi, sufficient to cover this topic completely or almost completely. The following negative points do not mean that I do not recommend reading to Al-Masiri, rather I recommend avoiding this book and reading a series of dialogues instead. The book has a very large repetition. However, there are points and terminology that remain obscure. I felt in the middle of the book that the talk about a group of people became extinct more than a century ago, and a newer philosophy emerged in the twentieth century, and therefore a large part of the book has no great benefit from it
Don&#39;t go to the new Abu Simbel Hotel We warn anyone wishing to stay in this hotel Don&#39;t do that My wife and I stayed there for four nights. The problem is that we paid five for the night of arrival and then for two double nights but they told us it was four. We never expected this to happen and after much fanaticism we had no intention of paying the same night twice we left. More than that, the hotel is very careless and dirty, you cannot sleep at night due to the noise from the lower cafe and there is no breakfast in particular. During our two-week vacation, we stayed in hotels in Hurghada and Luxor, but we could not even imagine what we had experienced at the new Abu Simbel Hotel.
Despite its stuffing and detailing sums, however, she went back to every detail in the soul of every female and passed the female world and its entity and in it through it .. And despite everything the style in the sequence of the novel is tempting
Too bad
Very weak. Cleanliness is bad, bad place and bad bed.
Most of those who read the novel also preferred, the time difference in publishing it greatly affected my impression of its content .. There are no exceptional events, but the educational / informative novel was found primarily for everyone interested in knowing or remembering the period of the early nineties full of intellectual and social failures in Saudi society.
To be honest, it is one of the worst I&#39;ve read. Since it is the author&#39;s first novel, he is in every need of constructive criticism. Defects :. Some stories are shorter than most, and most end up with a very expected ending that will disappoint. Parafrenia&#39;s story After completing the story, it is supposed to get to know this concept and understand what it means and this is what I did not know until now and the story is not understood for me. Most of the ideas are old and not renewed. Advantages:. Writer style is good, but work must be done on the story that tells it in order to integrate the two. A beautiful style without a good story is a loss. A story of spirit that grabbed my interest in terms of the idea. It is new, and for the first time I read this idea, but my mind rejected it for its strangeness. Cute Introduction:
The worst residential hotel in Dubai. . Two o&#39;clock in the afternoon and the room is not ready, the reception was informed that the washroom was not working and the air conditioning was hot and we went out and we came back in the evening and did not address the problem, and the room was changed in the evening .. The carpets are disgusting and dirty, the bathroom is dirty as if it was old ,, nuisance from ten o&#39;clock hit the hammer in turn
Backpacker. Close to the airport.
The worst treatment I have seen in my life. I did not like anything. I would not recommend anyone in this hotel
Unfortunately bad accommodation. . Breakfast is good and varied and the restaurant staff are more than excellent. This is the beautiful need in the hotel .. The reception is poor and the staff are very bad. Unfortunately, the hotel workers are better than the staff, who smile and are quick to serve you. Five hours and if I call, I ask for a blanket and pillow for the room because the room does not have it ... The carpet is very bad, as if you were in a two-star hotel .. Also, the lack of cleanliness .. There is nothing good except the restaurant and its employees can safely work in the C-D hotel. In it again
Weak. Price only. Cockroaches hygiene
The first book I read of Yusef Zidan .. I was very excited, but unfortunately the story is somewhat bland .. The events of the novel. Very slow and boring and there is no enthusiasm ... I liked the reasoning and mentioned some verses:
Narrow the place. The higher the price. receptionist . Brother Rami. Narrow apartment. Very high price, no parking available
A miserable novel that wasted my time. The lustful side was overwhelmed with ridiculous exaggeration. Vintage and crazy sexual suggestion. waste of time . Especially in the last vision of the last blue elephant disk. Restart and repeat. A writer cannot distinguish between the letters Zaha and opposites. How did you get to the list of poker novels? A farce from what I read
disappointing. Breakfast is kinda .... The apartments and rooms are very consumed and so are cockroaches and nasty insects, and the kitchen does not have any utensils ... The apartments need cleanliness and complement the deficiencies.
.. Shue reminded me of Sartre&#39;s nausea ... the first time I read it. I&#39;m trying to read to him a second thing
Less than normal .. A novel whose events summarize between two people .. The quotation is much more than necessary and remains the most beautiful in it Repetition style is boring .. I think the writer pays his focus on poetry better, if it is a poet
Very weak. Bad to the extreme. The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I would not recommend it
Very weak. There is no. smells bad
Worse than bad. Bad. nothing
He does not rise to five stars. . Dinner does not rise to being a one-star hotel, so how about five stars? Also, the dining hall is not good. As for the bed, it is never comfortable.
A strange novel, my impression about it, in general, is not positive, perhaps because I read it quickly, but I did not understand it well, with the exception of some scenes written very brilliantly and some feelings described in a profound way. The personalities are distinct, and each personality has a distinct distinction from it. The author succeeded in describing the confusion, confusion, and loss of identity that the heroine suffers from, not only as the feelings of the heroine, her perplexed perception of her surroundings, and the Kafkaoui scenes in which she finds herself. Rather, its success in conveying this sense of perplexity and maze to the reader who already feels that he is in a maze is not known to her first to the last .. But the novel has something inconsistent: the first half is dominated by the direct method which sometimes slips to a degree of vulgarity. Then there is a flaw that I see has spoiled many parts of the novel: Insistence on mentioning the names of the heroes of films and novels, which seem to admire the author. I see in this the author&#39;s intrusion into her character unnecessarily on the character of the heroine. As for the second half, he mixes reality, fantasy, dream, imaginative return to the past and intense ambiguity to the point that I followed him with great difficulty .. Maybe I need to read it again
This is not literature, but less literature
The characters of the novel are very cliché ... the ideal is strong and the bad is strong ... The human side has a subject in the matter, for example, the ideal has weak points or the corrupt has positive points .... the biggest problem in the behavior of the supposed officer is ideal ... the officer simply took advantage of the police and his men In the plot to achieve personal revenge against an officer who severely insulted his brother and caused his wife to lose her soldiers in the wake of his failure to obtain his right to the law through inspection in the Ministry of Interior ... Although the ideal officer was subjected to injustice, he said, the exploitation of his unit in revenge establishes the mental image when A lot of people say that the Ministry of the Interior is really a celibate of officers and soldiers The only thing is forced labor, despite the attempted story, to confirm that they cooperated with the ideal officer in love with him ..... The writer is to fill in the gap. The most revealing viewer in my opinion is the scene of the end a year and the corrupt officer brother rose to the ranks of a colonel and is on the same corruption and lack of politeness for a base and I have no reason to return. The ideal officer from Saudi Arabia after his resignation years ago to take revenge on him ..... and this scene says that nothing has changed. A point before last, corruption of the interior is not corruption of individuals like what the writer tried to suggest, but it is corruption and corruption in my opinion is not only in the corrupt officer Sharif, but what the ideal officer Walid did is corruption in itself ... As for the last, pictures of martyrs and testimonies contained in the novel From writers, artists and public figures for the benefit of the police, they discuss completely with the scene of the end in which the corrupt officer is still continuing ..... where are the police returned to the people while the corrupt are still in their places
My soul has told me since I started reading the novel to play it completely because it contains boldness, but my confidence in the writings of my favorite writer made me in a conflict between and between .. But I wanted to talk to myself when I reached half of the novel where I stopped and I do not know if I will complete it tomorrow or the day after tomorrow or may I do not complete it I do not know. But all I want to know is when Zidane lengthened and resulted in narration, even though he might reach us to the desired meaning with his deep words in less than he took. Really, wonderful and amazing to his novel
Weak. Location of the hotel. The hotel bathroom smelled foul and unclean more than once We complained to the hotel and we found no response
Not suitable for housing. Reception cleaner. Worn out furniture I expect used furniture to smell bad smell, poor hygiene, and very poor lighting
disappointing. Location. The reception crowd is fair dealing
Residence in Zamzam will not be repeated again. Labor and servants were friendly. Room service quickly responded. The buffet manager was generous with us and he sent us a Moroccan shay for the table for free. I asked for a room overlooking the campus and found a room overlooking a small part of the campus and did not enjoy the view. I asked for a room with three beds and I found only two beds. When calling the reception is always busy
I do not know what to say, nor do I know what I think is the most important needs of the book, which can be greater than the book itself. I do not know this is a general situation that has struck me in the various books that are intellectually different, and what is the topic:. What we need:. Dr. Nawal El-Saadawy ... this is a doctor who means having fun: having fun:. The first thing I made after I concluded the book was I entered on Google, so I know who Nawal Al-Saadawi stayed ... and I got what I saw:. I got to know her in a way, praise be to God .... As for the book, it remains:. I am as long as I am a poor. I don’t imagine my old self other than a mentally ill person… I don’t know how to see anything else. Its advantages are that society is lagging behind in many needs, and that we are bound by customs and traditions. And the society’s view of women is disgusting… But Islam’s view remains. Islam, which honors women. I see it next to my difference with most ideas and beliefs, but I see a part of it is a victim ... a victim of ignorance and underdevelopment and a victim of Deben, not understood. I think every Egyptian girl has aired like a little elbow, a little knot because of this topic. But we coexist and fight the idea wrong and try to stay true. Rather, she fought against herself before fighting society at all. I escaped from it for science and then for nature ... although if it was in my opinion, I escaped from it for our Lord, it would have been better for me. She strongly denounced the role of women in cleaning, cooking, wiping and all matters of the house .... Yes, the woman is not created as a servant, but I think that she criticized her mouth at the end of the book when she was accelerating the work of household matters for those she loved .... and this is from the grace of our Lord to us ... and who is generous The woman Other than the remaining sarhan in her brain, the one who appears at once is the god of uncle ... the god of nature ... Where is our Lord, with his consent, from all this. I experienced a bitter psychological struggle in my view. But I benefited from the book ... By God, I benefited .... I praised our Lord, and the one who thought about himself was complicated, Hetgen, pro-woman, sophisticated, and without none. A better situation appeared, God:. But the final feeling from the book, besides the needs, is the feelings that provoked me: It is a feeling of compassion towards it from the cruel loneliness, and that any success, no matter what, has no taste as long as not in the direction of the instinct that our Lord created us with ... I felt that I was still a bit wary of my mind:
A trivial novel that does not deserve to be read. Dialogue, which is the words of the heroine, who has nothing wrong with it.
Very weak. The area is not suitable. The area is not suitable
I think I am this is the right cover for the book as they call it. Is this a book? Really ? I think it does not amount to a possible book. For example, I hear one of the examples of this book if I sit between two women who are unable to speak. And if we consider it recent or clippings, it is not fun
The novel is a traditional yard. An Arabic film that we all preserved .. sweet in that it is short .... fun, some sentences in it .. expresses the naivety of every girl who is satisfied with putting an injustice. Surrendered to the extent that she did not sell her .. She came up in her heart for one who is not her husband ... And she broke up to the owner of her estate. Melliana spelling errors, not a problem ... count it. But you are happy .. I mean, I was satisfied with the need of a second one ... It is very important that you do not have it.
Near the sanctuary, he covered small and poor room services. Near the sanctuary. The smallness of rooms, lack of cleanliness, poor room service and pictures on site do not depict reality
Weak. I lived in it and the room I stole was stolen, and the amount was not refunded, nor the stolen cell phone as a tip for the sake of God, I do not advise anyone staying in it. My mobile was stolen and the money was lost and my lost money is back
Based on the many noise around it and its forty rules. However, I found the courage to God and not the divine love .. I loved the Sufi rituals after the hadeeth of Al-Aqqad and Mustafa Mahmoud, as long as I did not find all the sorts of words. How can a sun see God while he said to Moses, You will not see me, but look at the mountain. How does the real filth lie inside, while the other filth is washed away. The story of a man who killed a soul is contradicted and when he wanted to repent, it was as if the first thing was to leave a bad land. The ugliest of these excessive Rumi Rumi in the sun to the point of neglecting religion and the prohibition of alcohol. And not to mention the introduction and the secret of the fruit, so that it can be found in the phrase in the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful, and its essence can be with the letter of the Fathers, because there is a point under the letter of the Fathers of the Fathers of Alcon, what is this interpretation? What is this logic? I did not find love, but only contradiction and Alnfor and only two stars for these seats. No two people are alike, and two hearts with the same rhythm don&#39;t fail. If God wanted us to be alike, we would be alike. Therefore, disrespecting differences and imposing your thoughts on others means disrespecting the holy system that God has established
. Hepta ... Hepta ... Hepta ... Hepta. I do not know what is the secret behind the great spread of this novel to become one of the best-selling novels ... Perhaps it is an intellectual drought before emotional drought ... Hebta has never lived up to me and completed it reluctantly ... her style lacks literary rhetoric and artistic beauty is enough to have been written Colloquially to lose this luster and with its extreme overuse in the use of vulgar words in a place that is not worthy of him. Our writer seems to have exhausted himself a lot in creating Hepta. Those seven Grecian that he used to express the seven stages of love. We do not need to understand the stages of love as much as we need to understand the true meaning of love as much as we need to remove the false mask that has been tarnished. Love is sophistication ... It is sufficient to make it a way to get close to God, only then can you reach the highest level of sophistication
Translation without spirit
Weak. . Bad hygiene
We need to do a reclassification of the best Arab novel, because it is clear that there is a big problem .. The novel is not something that arrived except for the idea that the people of Sudan are morally emancipated.
Very weak. . The smell of smoking everywhere where I stayed in the floor and the smell of smoking in the corridors and adaptation and the room because of the openness of the roles to each other from the inside floor number and for smokers
The translation is very bad and the style of the book was not pleasant to me, and your father could not finish the book
What I liked. Its title is more than what it offers. It becomes clear to me that he did not write as a book but rather articles that were collected and some of them are not related to women issues mainly, while others are directed and guided without discussing the idea in the first place.
One of my worst stay in Dubai, especially the reception, answers the worry. Nothing to be honest, failed. Everything is bad, everything is bad, everything is bad
Weak. . The furniture is not clean, especially the sofas of the hall, when a room and hall are reserved, a room is closed and has air conditioning control, the ground bathroom is dirty,
My room number. The room has ants and looks up a sewage view, and I booked the room via Bukking today, and when I got up, with taxes and fees, today, the hotel garbage Wi-Fi cuts all the grill and the value of Moblash like his writers in Bukking.
After I saw the numbers of five starless stars on this novel, I hesitated a lot to put one star and one alone, but I do not like to be a liar. I was happy in the beginning, as it consisted only of a page that does not increase or decrease as it will only take an hour and It was really an hour of puzzlement, not puzzled over the content of the novel, but puzzled about: Is it really a novel? The novel that has that reputation as a masterpiece of Ghassan Kanafani? But where is that amazing? I did not find it not in the characters of the novel that is not clear-cut, but merely names without a real dimension, nor in the strange plot that begins with paving the character after the other name and then the life of the character and then after paving the first three characters the story begins and I thought that I would call it a story so I did not feel it is a novel at any Point and not until the end. The central character was Abu Bamboo, whom the writer described to us by describing his physical features, and not others, in deliberate shedding light on him. If he certainly represents a symbol, a Palestinian narration that talks about refugees traveling from Palestine to Iraq, Kuwait, it will be clear that it carries political and symbolic connotations. He was carrying something that was not even an opportunist, as some described him. He was a man looking for sustenance in his day. He used to say clearly and sincerely that he wanted money and more money and more money. How long have the opportunists been so honest? It reminded me of the cartoon drawings in which the evil characters claim to be evil and seek evil. I did not see in Abu Bamboo except a real man looking for the food of his day smartly and had really wanted the good of the three men so that he left one of them paying him secretly five pounds instead of the ten he announced that he was asking him from the rest because he does not have much money and he started crying after the men died The three inside his car, Abu Bamboo was really the hero .. Then the plot is not connected. It is a set of dialogues and thoughts that have no real connection between them. I mean, there is no smooth sequence but rather an attempt to arrange weak and the language also was not good. Informative where the important thing is when? And from? And how? And where? And why? She did not care what was behind these questions. And I really stressed that if I read a dialogue about what happened inside the tank between the three men, I noticed that there was no dialogue between them, even though the story indicates that they are closely related to each other and their destiny is one, and despite that long journey, we did not see that any really strange relationship had arisen between them. Then we come to the end well .. everyone died as expected, but I did not understand that sentence that precedes the reputation of the name of men in the sun and that says why did they knock on the walls of the tank? Which has become something like a literary icon repeated by everyone, but let me ask this question is a stupid true question that seems resonant enough for someone to believe that it is all the story but it is really meaningless and I can answer it unless it makes them able to knock the tank is the following: . They are inside a military checkpoint where they will be arrested as soon as they make noise. They trusted Abu Bamboo who promised to open the tank after seven minutes. More importantly, the place is narrow enough for oxygen to decrease and the human focus to become weaker than his ability to find solutions. As for the dignity and sacrifice of themselves in order not to expose the process of their escape as everyone explained the story as well, I do not think that this can convince me because we still do not know what really happened inside the tank Does this mean that they decided to commit suicide? Or did the air suffocate them and they all died at the same moment only if a dialogue had been added to the three inside the tank that would have made it a true dramatic story with human feelings, sacrifice and dignity and everything that Ghassan Kanafani’s heart loves .. this does not mean that I look at him as a writer Bad, never, it was his first novel, and he was a journalist not accustomed to literary work, but listened to many harsh stories that the Palestinians are suffering at that time, dreams were shattered, etc., and I would like to tell one of these stories that he succeeded in making a story but I do not see it Excellent literary work as promoted. I also read to him for the first time, and I admired his personality and his political struggle, and I may have had to read more for him, but what puzzled me is this high evaluation that the story got from critics and readers. I only hope that this evaluation is not produced just because the story is Palestinian in Palestine From a writer who was assassinated, I hope that the passion of the Arab cause will not be what drove us to blind our eyes to see this work as a literary work that is lacking, as is evident, a lot, not as an act of resistance that forces us to greet him silently.
disappointing. . The room photos in the reservations are not on the ground
disappointing. . The parking place is very narrow
I visited him after the advice of a frequent visitor to the restaurant. Meat shawarma or chicken shawarma with spices is slightly different from normal. Stuffed in small Arabic bread, fill and choose either spicy sauce, garlic, mint, ketchup, or tahini. The salad is bogged down with onions, pickles and others. Its price is one riyal. The truth of the sandwich is that it is very full of chicken, not like regular shawarma in quantity. But its drawback is that the chicken has no taste and I do not know whether it is from the quality of the chicken used or from the method of seasoning. The majority add to it chili or tahini, but this does not mean that the chicken is tasteless. The bottom line: it is shawarma packed in arabic bread and free from minaus and chicken fat and not distinctive. I recommend it to those who do not like the lack of chicken in regular shawarma.
They fought Al-Ghala. There is no. the prices
Worst hotel ever This hotel is not part of the Solymar Group. It was built under Raouf&#39;s name, then went bankrupt and was bought by Solymar Group, and now it has a shortage of workers, the rooms are dirty, there is blood on the blankets, very bad food.
Suffice it to say, unfortunately
Just separate books by Paulo Coelho, if you are a reader of his novels and are interested in analyzing their contents, then this book will not be an addition for you, but if the opposite and you have not yet read any book by Paulo Coelho, especially the alchemist’s novel, you may find in this book what helps you in identifying The ideas of this writer may draw your attention to things that you did not notice before.
The form of the novel is given by suggesting that it is a strong novel that addresses details that may not be known to a lot about the officers ’life, but unfortunately the narration is very weak with expected events and a monotonous dialogue that was repeated in an Arabic film, especially the phrase“ We grew up, boys, ”which the mother said when learning to carry Walid’s wife in addition to listing many of The details make it a huge novel even though the main events do not need more than a page
I regret that I booked it. nothing. The reception service
Closer to collecting random, scattered thoughts, that the same writer overflowed with it, and he transferred it between two covers of a book.
Bad for lack of attitudes. Wi-Fi is good only. There is no parking and the location is very poor and there is no service
First, these are memoirs of a student whose books he wrote when he traveled to complete his education, and if we have reviewed others who have been strangers, we will find that what he writes is a boring drop in the sea of what others have suffered ....... and it is not completed for the word novel, on the authority of God, the publisher ........ Then, the extra idealism sometimes becomes like the extra impudence ... literature, gentlemen, is the art of exploration and solicitation to bring out the meanings ... it is here that they advise and advise that it is the morning word in our daily schools ... Samd increased the personality of Edmund who created it and I felt that the student lives in the throat of this for an old man ... the publications of this house depress me as it tries to represent the role of idealism just because of that ... The writer I hope to complete his specialty, which went to continue He taught him about it and God helped us on such readings ... a waste of time for those under one year of age
First: The hero without a name, and it is not mentioned, is he a real character, or out of the imagination of the writer, even though there are many similarities that harbor between them and reality ... and most of the time, the island&#39;s cameraman was Sami Al-Hajj. Secondly: I understand how religious he was, and so the first novel was that he refused the approach of foreign women to him, that he was afraid of our Lord and the other when he liked a light that was wrong with her? Is it always her love remains normal means ?? Yet he is amazed and has no sense of guilt, so what remains is the novel? Third: The best thing is that the narration is to talk about places, wars, and people, and to list their details and information about them, when you need to take advantage of them. The writing style is beautiful. Fourth: the presence of some expressions outside. Fifth: the end is shocking.
I finished the book in one sitting. The writer&#39;s style is interesting and the story itself is his brother, although she is repetitive and has killed research in cinema and literature. But I think she should not play a novel but rather it is closer to a story or story and I think the writer has a lot to do to become a novelist. Love has no title, door or time, but it comes when he wants and leaves when we want. But there are things that provoked me in the story. The book is full of spelling mistakes, to make you mad. His sister, Dr. Al-Fazaa Al-Bakya, for everything that happens to him, and we did not see her intervene to save him or to understand with the doctors anything. Mustafa, who has no private life and has free time, allows all this full-time for the owner, his work, and his family, despite mentioning that he helps his father in his work. Hur, whose mother gave her all the freedom, to stick with all this, so how can this happen? Mary&#39;s reason for leaving a convincing owner despite his betrayal. What I liked most was the dialogue of Malik and Mustafa as friends
I do not recommend it at all The location of the hotel is down a sloping street and away from the main street and the climb is difficult, the hotel is surrounded by garages and gruesome views and all of its residents are African immigrants, the hotel is not like pictures and is not equal to two stars .. the place has an unpleasant smell and the rooms smell moisture .. and the furniture smells smoke .. There are no grocery stores beside him that requested two rooms and put the children&#39;s room very far on the fourth floor and the reception was not helpful .. One of the rooms was its window facing a wall after a poison .. When the window opened the moth bugs entered the room .. The TV is broken and the sound of the electric meter and the drainage of the upper room prevent me from Sleep .. thousands It was simple and I would not recommend drinking choco, because it is only a color .. The second day we got out of the hotel immediately and did not complete the time
Dislike . I did not like something in the hotel that you are a swindler who thought you would value a dirham in the amount of a dirham by God to help you know that the one who broke it is a disabled child. Swindlers
The most boring parts of the novel when he takes a dose of the blue elephant I used to sleep on myself until the sugar ends, as this is supposed to be the height of the novel, especially the last dose of a lost boredom. .
Perhaps the novel is harsh in some parts and focuses on the ugly parts of society, and it must sympathize with the female being an oppressed part of society. But this is basically the purpose of writing. The novel raises unknown and distinct ideas in the depths of humanity. Although I hate the book&#39;s focus on sex as an overwhelming piece of writing, as if they were not ours. What is the purpose of these accounts? Expose the secret or grill waste garbage houses
I wish it was unique. . Very normal as the rest. Perhaps her slight difference from them is that she matured a little .. only. I liked the following for its realism:. The prayer rug does not give me its back rosary, it does not get tired of my fists, the paper does not run away and the music does not disturb it by repetition .. Freezers sympathize with me more than humans because they found in this life for me people just parts for each of them another world you are not a party in which a world includes friends and family and Work obligations and responsibilities are more important than the moments of your sadness and your weakness .. ... nothing is more delicious than being the hero of yourself to defeat the brokenness of your soul and your inability that you have been fed with milk to fill in your shortage that has become part of a damaged doctrine that a brave woman will go on in this life Know what you want and know exactly how to get it.
Weak. . First: The absence of a Master Card or Visa payment device with signs for accepting the card payment. When I paid the cash, the receptionist answered: There is no exchange. Take anything from the fridge to be in exchange for the rest. He did not give me a receipt with the companion to take the receipt. Second: The presence of insects and a lot of mosquitoes The delivery is at noon and the reception is at noon. Third: Sounds and bows in bed Fourth: The price is very high compared to what I mentioned previously and the level of furnishings for the villa is low
The book is a diary of a Saudi girl. Freelance talks about her diaries through her relationship with her father, her university. And the love stories that I lived with more than one man .. The book answers the boredom in most of its pages. My review for the book is just for cover, title and some nice quotes.
I really do not know what I was waiting for again from such a fool. I think he enjoys such acts. He is really very professional. But to spoil everything that is beautiful. It is Kundera then. The deep novelist. With a philosophical view and a contemplative view and without no, without .. such a shit. I think this is my last experience with him. Stop shit. I am satisfied with it for this year. As usual, Kundera begins his novel with a simple story. And it connects it with a philosophical idea, nothing, of course, in my opinion, except to attract the enthusiastic reader. To find him then he continues his usual work and his usual pumice which is: description, description, and description. Describe anything, in fact, it does not matter what it describes. The important thing is that he convinces you of his powerful ability to do this. Let us cripple and boredom. Here, Kundera chose a very beautiful idea that I have always been interested in reading about. It is the idea of pleasure, enjoyment, seizing the moment. And his vision of how to fully enjoy this pleasure. By idea: slow. He tells you that slowing is the way for someone who loves to enjoy a moment. Or grab an idea. Or remember a moment. And he is still indisputably creative. Then he describes the idea of self-benefit. I liked what I liked most about his description of the utopian philosophy of utilitarianism, although it was not inaccurate as well, as is his custom, of course, to tighten my misfortune and then lose the idea and go into telling his stories. And it&#39;s surprisingly the same style that I read in his previous two novels. Well, Kundera. Stop slow. Bad novel as usual. But I think I read the worst of them
Linguistically weak novel, the story would have been more beautiful if it had no literature and was replaced by an innocent and beautiful love like Nizar Qabbani&#39;s love for his wife Belqis
A very ordinary book, far below expectations
Very weak. nothing . Excessive prices, old and used furniture, and toilets where water is collected
An easy book for teenagers to enjoy reading. It works as a good lesson in explaining stereotypes and the use of blatant clichés ... a ridiculous book to the fullest extent ... and I absolutely expect the film to be ridiculous and glorified
Stories outside the familiar system at its beginnings and very similar to the other stories at the end.
Ugly, the worst hotel ever. True, it is a new hotel, but it is very much missing. I was very disappointed for several reasons. My girlfriend and I were thrilled to be relaxing in a new hotel as we had before when we stayed at the Bounty Hotel. But the Bounty Hotel, by and large, had a lot of amenities compared to this hotel. The staff at Dikota Hotel are friendly although making international phone calls was a very difficult issue as one must first contact the reception desk. There was no water when we asked. There is no room service as one has to bring the menu from the restaurant downstairs. The room was ok but did not have a hair dryer or plug in the bathroom, the facilities and service needed improvement. There are many hotels that are better than this hotel and contain basic facilities. The Hotel Dicota does not have the basic facilities and I recommend staying at Seaview Hotel ... It is a hotel that looks beautiful and its food is the best.
The appearances may seem disgusting, disgusting, where do I start ... avoid street level, especially the cellar, also known as the Hell Mine. It seems that one of them has put a loudspeaker in our room as every sound in the hotel reverberates through the walls of our room, and we suffered terribly for three hours from two to five in the morning because of the annoying pumpkin sounds if there is an explanation, it seems that the room or rooms in The loudest were running a jumping competition entitled Who Can Jump Loudest and Loudest. After the seventh time that the administration informed the reception about the loud sounds and our inability to sleep, we finally gave up and at five in the morning we moved to another room on the opposite side of the street. Under no circumstances, a couple should not move out of the rooms due to inappropriate, ignorant and annoying guests without making any mistakes. The manager of the front desk said repeatedly that he would deal with the situation and what disgusted us that he had not dealt with anything. My partner suggested that we call the police because the sound was intolerable and not calming down, but the front desk manager refused this and said no. This caught the attention of the senior manager the next day and gave us a discount in the club room that evening. After we couldn&#39;t sleep we also agreed and we had a little regret after reading the comments about bed bugs and I must say that after leaving the hotel this morning we were feeling itch all the way home as we suspected another itch during the breakfast buffet. Nasty we will never return to this hotel again. Hailey and Hove
A book is a collection of lies
For the first page, the situation was excellent. Later I lost my harmony with the world of Mirta, maybe many details are the reason
Colloquial writing especially poetry trap. Few can get out of it. The likes of Bayram Al-Tunisi, Salah Jahin and Fouad Haddad. The book consists of seven poems. His first and best poem: They told me that you love Egypt. It is the most famous poem by the author. Because of its honesty, passion and insightful vision of the Egyptian reality. The poem concluded by mentioning Tahrir Square. . A field in the center of the country and its name is Tahrir Square. Writer editing country records editing. . It was a good conclusion to the forty-six page poem from the size of the book, p. The second poem: Wadduh by his writing and my name :. He talks about his relationship with his father, the poet, Merid Barghouti, and the novelist Razavi Ashour. Feel the intimate family and humanitarian contact. . And my mother has been patient for a long time. Because I do not want. . If the book contained the first and second poems, it would have been better for the writer. Because what he wrote from the third poem is false, I am in a nutcracker :. Even the last poem is random. You find him fell into the trap of banality and defamation. Perhaps it&#39;s because of his initial poetic writing. You will find it in the fifth poem: Examinations. He records his passion in high school. . Cursed, your high school cursed curse is strong. Would you be unhappy about you without hobbies? . In the sixth poem:. Says. . I go to my school. And say, oh, my host. De snapped my waist. Her grocer has years. . And in the closing poem: random. His poem has no meaning, he says. . Random and the name of his mother a possibility. And the world does not have a north. . The first and second poem intercede for the poet. And if it occurred in the problematic of preserving the musical tune of verses. But the rest of the book is intellectually and linguistically weak
Regardless of the end or the infinite, regardless of how much I lost, I just liked something that I liked Ahmad Ahmad Murad, studying his article, as good as a psychiatrist, but his response remains his ability to compel you to finish the novel for the other, he did not lose his ability to excite the reader, despite the feeling that Bitserblick, you are counting pages only It does not reach you that you misbehave it without what you supplement
I don&#39;t know how to write about something so beautiful as love is so gloomy
It can be replaced by watching excerpts from Zizinia, Helmiyya nights, or any series that talks about the same period. You will find many phrases of very grateful and Saad Efendi and the words of the series, but you will not find anything else unfortunately:
In short, I did not feel bored in my life like I did while reading this novel
C Hotel is very, very contacted more than once, very clean. Service is very C. . God, there is no need to remember one good
A strong, coherent building that is not one of the elements of suspense.
I do not recommend booking. The amount and reservation specifications are not required. The reservation specifications have changed and a different amount has been calculated on the agreement
I thought it was a great linked novel. Especially when I knew that there was of it. General are short stories with sweet ideas. The old ones, the new ones, the interesting ones, and the boredom ones. I concluded it in two places, but the idea was not general
I never felt the introduction of the novel; I felt like I was running a marathon and running unabated from where I don&#39;t know and where to? Also, I don’t know, because I didn’t finish it with excessive eloquence. The writer has grown so overrated by portraying texts that I would personally understand it. Unfortunately, the time factor was neglected. Overall this is my first experience with Ibrahim&#39;s books, God willing, the next most beautiful.
Exaggerated . Its price does not deserve it, if it is in Europe, it does not reach that price. everything
Any words. A lot of fluffy foaming is needed, except for a few sweet sentences. Infinite negative. Love in the book submission and surrender. And fear for the image of the beloved in front of society, which is snakes, scorpions, backward, and traditions abate. But it does not help. We flee from the country and live with some people so that it does not take from us a brutal idea .. But I love you so much, and I read four sheets of hope. Mother of negativity, my stump
After I wanted to read it, I left it like one day, I remember exactly how much .. It is possible that I have supported with reading, but after I felt bored in some pages .. I did not hear the book whispering to me Come and complete my reading .. I was not born with curiosity to know the following events .. But I went back to it because the journey to read the book after returning to it was not bad and the end was unexpected
What works for the elderly. . The area lacks services in general, there are no restaurants, good groceries, or pharmacies like yours after the road to the campus, very far, and the bus takes you and connects you to a far area from the sanctuary and takes a long time to arrive because of the crowds
Alzheimer&#39;s ... Ghazi Al-Qossabi ... Saudi Arabia ... the last book of Ghazi Al-Qossabi, may God have mercy on him ... The novel is Jacob Al-Arian&#39;s messages to his wife ... inside a clinic for Alzheimer&#39;s patients ... who chose him with his full will ... so that his wife and two children would not tire This disease that eats memory very slowly until the person dies ... the novel is cold .. and free of any feelings that make you cry and hurt ... Put it ... I do not recommend it .... And long as you keep the Merciful ..
I don’t know if it would be fair to express an opinion on a novel that I could not fully read .. She was shocked at first in the vulgar colloquial language and then with the collapse of values and her abdication from her principles from her refusal to her fiancé for his lies to her writing a complete false story about the mechanic who she does not know anything about to convince her mother to marry them and travel for work ... then the naivety of the story and her lack of plot and excitement, very traditional and boring events, This is if it is correct to call it events .. an expected end of the first pages, and the style of conclusion is extremely absurd ... no language, no narration, no suspense, no significance .. nothing at all ... you never fell asleep ..
My love is not contrived
Saudi series. One star for poetic thoughts
disappointing. . The air conditioning is very very bad
Very weak. There is no. Smell and lack of hygiene
I do not recommend it. Wing size is acceptable. The patchwork is not excellent and there is no taxi. The entrance is from the back, the smell of junk, outside the entrance from the front. Earthy. There are no advantages in the hotel.
Melush Tlatin book is really necessary, Mistahlesh hopes for it. These are articles by the authors ... and worst of them is the author&#39;s legend of Muhammad Sami
Frankly, I am not a fan of Amin Maalouf, and despite the presence of many young Arab intellectuals, especially the enthusiasts of liberal and rational thought to some extent, they find solace for themselves in the confines of his books and ideas, but what justifies him from ideas and theories where you will see many errors that I think are offensive to his name .. Book of Fatal Identities I read it almost a year ago, and I read it again this year because of a research about the identity crisis. Of course for those who do not know the book or the book, Amin Maalouf is considered one of the most important Arab writers who fought in the midst of the problems of the oppressed Arab person and discussed issues that some considered crazy. The East, history, religion, and Arab society have long been the knot that collects the pages of his diaspora books. In his book, Killer Identities, the book begins by mentioning the crisis of his identity, as he is Lebanese. He lives in France, his language is the sacred language of Islam, and then begins by mentioning his examples of a Turk born near Frankfurt and Bosnian, and begins to fight a battle of murderous identities. The book is somewhat comical opinion, as the writer is originally confused between freedom and seclusion on identity, between objectivity and extreme self, between grayness and clarity .. He was surprised by every intellectual, whether Arab or foreign, Muslim or non-Muslim, how can he admire ideas such as these that depart from objectivity and the approach The scientific, irrefutable evidence, logical proofs and reliable historical inferences, a book that revolves in the orbit of one idea and which ultimately summarizes that Islam is the deadly identity and that beards, veils, and headscarves are appeals to death. Which scientific research was it based on? What evidence and evidence did she obtain before insulting heavenly religions and humiliating her hobby? What extremist thought are you, Professor Maalouf? I can confirm my weight. I can summarize the idea of the book in a column in Al-Ahram newspaper, and the well-informed intellectuals will pass it on. Many criticize me because I follow the errors and errors of the book, but I feel that it is the duty of any reader not only to read to himself, but to spread awareness as he was able to. What really annoys me is the drumming and honking of such a book, and immunity is its name, which brightened in the sky of atheist and secular states in its interior that are considered among the countries that are present to such ideas. With more ingenuity and resourcefulness, and keeps you in his wanderings until he cultivates the idea of his certainty, Maalouf mentions on the page words that will remain in your mind for the last Islamic book, a phenomenon, complex and hidden, a mystical phenomenon, a suitable vacuum and the quotation as follows: Without addressing the interpretation of the mystical and religious phenomenon represented by the message of the Islamic religion And that Its appearance is subject to complex and hidden laws, to doubt that there was then a political vacuum suitable for the emergence of a new reality ... I do not think that his words were written about ignorance and it is not of course a typo and as our writer sees that the Islamic religion is a phenomenon and is followed by Sufism, and this It highlights either a defect in its language or a materialistic sophistry in which history is hurt, for Islam and all divine religions are not phenomena, but a fact. And the mystical and religious phenomenon represented by the message of the Islamic religion .. Sufism did not come with the message of the Islamic religion, many Muslims live under the banner of Islam naturally, they practice social activities like others besides worship such as prayer and fasting, and therefore complicated and hidden laws that do not belong to the Islamic religion nor generally Or especially, all the teachings are clear in the text. On the contrary, Islam gave freedom to humans and preserved their rights. The biggest example is the right to divorce or separation, which religion opposes Christianity. This is not a criticism of any religion, but it is an example of clarifying the complex invisibility. The problem lies not only within this The quote, the problem is that the writer went to take care of this idea over the page to the end of the book and began to deepen it and grow and grow within this field in order to return you as a reader to the deadly identities and the hidden mystical Islamic religion. Diaspora between the thought of Begovich, may God have mercy on him, and between Maalouf. Oklahoma detonation and non-Muslim tools. He used to compare language and religion .. As we know that there is no comparison between religion and language, religion on the one hand is a belief and embrace, but language is acquired by the circumstances, place and even time .. It is not smart to mention an idea and threw it amputated, cut and distorted, and then enveloped it in sugar. Dexterity is not in mentioning ideas that contradict reality and history, but you find popularity with young minds .. Dexterity is not in being with and against at the same time, this is a weakness in the principle and a mistake in the approach followed .. It is not shrewdness to urge to find a middle place between the vertical and horizontal legacy without Dissociation from the old or repelling from the new, and you attack without relying on any facts, and you sing the glories of Abdel Nasser, who urged the exclusion of the other and return to contradict your words to open up and accept the other, and author and publish a book that simulates the Arabs the French language. What this book lacks is a lot of impartial thought, accurate and sound language, transparency and honesty, realistic and logical, that address the problem of itself and its identity before it transgresses against other nations and religions.
Not suitable for a standard Abu Dhabi hotel. . There is a delay at reception and there is no teller at me, and it requires payment of a large amount of insurance and the bathroom is small and there are not enough towels
Finally, the day has come. The day when the clock stops and a mysterious new cycle begins. The day when words are silent, hearts speak and unite. The day that God witnesses and is a good testimony of the bonding of two young men with a close bond and a heavy bond, as the Qur’an called it. Wedding day. All that is forbidden becomes permissible by the word of God. Everything that was unknown and mysterious becomes easily accessible. On the day that the faces of our loved ones change, and we leave them, and we have lived together for years, we adore other faces, and we live in mysterious new homes. We do not know what awaits us with happiness or misery. A girl who has always been ashamed of having her brother or father with her in her home becomes a fully-fledged wife and female who has a man she is not ashamed of. Share his joys. And sorrows. And his words. And his anger. Tenderness. And his feelings. She cradles him like her eldest child and is raised on his shoulder if he gets angry and throws all his worries and secrets on her chest. With these secrets and dreams, the small house grows and its walls grow and its roots extend to the ground. To become this fortress house that the couple refuses to harm any stranger ... And the new house becomes the most loved place on earth that houses the two lovers.
The hero breaks the legend of the oriental man who does not cry for a woman, and bypasses the restrictions of that poem that has been sung by the peaches, I am now out of the stream ..
It is necessary to read a bad book a year.
There is no professional work. . To mess up his room bookings abnormally
The hotel is old. Reception was good especially from the honesty person. The hotel is old and there was a water leak and the toilets did not suggest that you were in a star hotel
A hotel that is never suitable to live in .. Never clean. The worst experience in my life was in this hotel. Nothing good, all unhappy. Everything is so bad
Dirty and annoying frustrating, bad management, bad ads. Avoid staying in simple accommodations in several countries so I know what to expect from a two-star facility. Unfortunately, however, I was shocked and disappointed. I booked something they call a luxury studio for a week and quickly wished I didn&#39;t. There were few good points, namely private parking, hot water in taps, a strong bed, and the air conditioner was working fairly well, and the window opens to allow fresh air in, and reception staff are welcome. The bad points are: Where do I start? In general it is a poor and bad hotel and it smells bad in the lobby and peace ,, and it is not very clean, fouling, dirt, pollution and more than a fly fills the bathroom, and there is no sheet for the upper bed and there is only a light foul smelling quilt, and my room did not receive any service during the week that I stayed There, there is no hygiene, no fresh towels, the baskets are not emptied, etc. In the announcement, the room has a kitchenette, which is translated into a sink and wall cabinet along the wall. There is no stove, not even a kettle, so there is no way to heat the water for hot drinks. They announced the presence of Wi-Fi in public places. The only public place was reception and had a room for four people. But the Wi-Fi was not working. ? He works around the clock, the hygiene team is completely lacking and he works twice loudly unnecessarily early in the morning, completely oblivious to the idea of being a guest with a desire to sleep. All in all it&#39;s a bad experience and of course not recommended
My hobby is Ali Badr, and I can confidently say this is his worst novel. A novel designed even on Badr Tatek in Europe and America, not here. Badr, to Baghdad’s Street Street, with his previous accounts, suffices in this by saying that Fatima lives in a remote city. Then, the story of the Adrian family, whose sensuality is squeezed, Hasher and Jan. It is possible to settle for the story of Fatima and Shoyeon on Adrian. I think that this novel was represented as a play before it was published .. I believe in Belgium with the title of Fatima, whose name is Sophie, and I find this title the nicest of infidels. After that, I could not accept that Ali Badr was writing in poetic language, to the point that some of the paragraphs were similar to the writings of Ahlam Mostaghanemi. I am the first one to read it in Basra I think thanks to the scientific library. Awaited by Ali Badr, another novel, better than Hai ... I heard that Ako is a novel on the road called maps and territories
Very bad . Cooking and washing tools available. A delay in the entry time, where the papers are photocopied and many papers are signed, as if you are buying the hotel, calling and waking you out for an hour in the free hand, and then going out and signing again. The staff are all completely uncooperative.
My aunt is writing better than this ... in short, a failed book
His ideas are beautiful and his style is clear, but he is extremely colorful in color and pictures, so I feel that it is a children&#39;s book that I did not enjoy his books
Very weak. Brink of balcony and window only. The administration once tired, without understanding and provocative style
Weak. . Poorly priced staff are higher than before without any additional benefits
It is impossible that the writer of Azazel is himself a referral writer
I read it after the commotion that caused it, but I did not seek help at all
disappointing. Good location, good staff. The parking is very bad and narrow, and I can&#39;t help but help the worker. The furniture is old. The level is not comfortable.
Very weak. . Cleaning, air conditioning, services, restaurant, fast response, doors are damaged, not worth the price
Restaurant have mercy and eating from his side until the bread is their bad right and the morals of the employees Mob Mob
Acceptable . . Close to the mall
The worst place. . Service and service are not good. When I arrived, I was asked to wait until the hour for the room to be cleaned
If he is classical
When I spoke to the writer once and face to face, I was surprised. People react and describe the novel by imitating a metaphysical chain. He said that not everyone who talked about nature went on to imitate Dr. Ahmed Khaled. And before I read the novel, I was seeing that he had some right to read the novel ..... of course, a tradition. . The author used legends of the Metaphysics series. The whole story is that he takes out a new monster every time from Lucifer’s loophole which is the side of the stars. In the end, they die some. It does not mean that you thanked him or that you wrote that one of the sources of the novel is that you are. Trying to imitate the series and keep people looking for it is a novel. Offended if you do not know the original series. Negi stayed for the style: he is a little better than Ncromancer. But he is still weak, knowing that the writer has published two novels after D. Adlis and rhetoric so I hope his language has improved. I just want to say that the heart stops and does not stop. Events:. A village laden with a werewolf, a zombie, a pardon, a minotaur, etc. Every beast comes to kill the people of the village, and the number of breezes is still normal. I am not affected, and the population is not migrated. If I knew that there was a wild dog on the street, and there were two flags, two people were killed. Probably isolated from the region ... Ful evening. The novel, al-Fusha, is just apparent. It is taken from a topic written colloquially in a forum or adjacent. A tit-for-tat, which is the description of the cerebral cortex when the author used to say colloquially:. And after that, the first region of this region is divided into such and such. The easiest thing in the world is that you write about a topic related to the future and technology. Boss, ease: saying a robot who is strange, and who is thirsty for information. Science of how to make a robot or the scientific basis. Which I control this person. Say there are many wires, several bright lights, then a main board, etc. And you do not like yourself in the scientific interpretation, you are in a literary novel, of course, not in the book of Physia. I would like to ask the writer, you know what I need about. . But it is normal to say that there is a device that changes the chromosomes and transmits them as well. Technology is sweet, without words. I do not attack the writer’s person, by contrast, following his profile on Facebook because With a slight sense of blood, but this does not mean that I am frankly stating my opinion about the novel, and I criticize the needs that I do not like. In the end, I think I despised Adlis and I hope she is better off than her predecessors
Not worthy of bad stars. nothing. He booked as if with breakfast and at the time of going he said that the reservation is without breakfast and he was breakfast and the man was speaking in an inappropriate way and we brought pictures of the reservation and the reservation was with breakfast and the rooms are very small and the network is very poor in the rooms and this is not appropriate for a five-star hotel but deserves less than a star.
I found that the novel was full of boring nonsense, which gave me a different and bad impression from the writer.
Dreams it is the worst hotel ever in Sharm El Sheikh and the food is poisoned and the service is very very very very bad ....... and the bathrooms have an unpleasant smell and filled with water and the rooms also have a very bad bathroom smell I advise you not to go to him and not think about going
Pardon me. I will not turn a blind eye to this degradation embodied in the form of a book in the way that the writer is a sweet style or that the novel is somewhat amusing. All Arab writers are indecent in sexual intercourse except from the womb of my Lord, but if obscenity and mania reach this level, I am in shock from the humiliation. And to see colloquial vulgar words for a book that reaches the public is another ransom. And why did the writer become authorized to violate religions successfully? Why should I turn a blind eye to the likes of Christians, the children of the dog, a way of believing in their beliefs, or for example, the Almighty Prophet described this as a frenzy of money, so he collects intelligence. . Rather, the catastrophe is all the catastrophe. I find the despicable humiliation reaching until I see such a sentence without shame, I hated God after what happened. I wished to be another god to kill him. Drifting behind his desires or not fornication, he found him blaming the monk, saying I have forbidden love. Is this the literature of the Booker Prize? . Of course, Naguib Mahfouz in the children of our neighborhood is the one who used to touch on our Lord and on religion when he symbolized religion in the Jabalawi.
disappointing. . Restoration work at the hotel, inconvenience from the morning, and when I asked for change, it was stalled, and after that a small, very bad room, the bed at the door
A simple and fun book .. I recommend reading it while you are driving instead of the session. I mean, it is a book for fun more than interest:
Center . . Bathroom. Towels, room space
A group of articles published by the writer before and the book is a compilation of it in a sequence .. I stopped at page number and realized that the book was very basic and did not appeal to me to the rude philosophy in every word .. Unlike the letter by Ahmed Helmy, I was very impressed by the simplicity of philosophy and it is It is hidden and you only realize it at the end of each article.
It simply expresses a lot of what comes to mind of all of us, but neither the language is strong nor the style in most of what has been written, as it contains some thinness and mistakes, is classified in the section of thoughts only
A novel that would have been unique and unique if the writer Hassan al-Jundi had taken care of following the simplest rules of the literary style of the novel, and if the publishing house had written its role in the accurate linguistic review, then every page of the linguistic errors should not be less than exaggerating seven errors that we cannot mistake in kind A student in the sixth grade of primary school, when we see errors from a sample, they appear to please, and with a face mechanism, and a second university life, with two sides, the rest of them gathered something less, Braden tea, and a few months four men .. And even that you find an error in the title of the novel on the cover, the manuscript of Ben Isaac, you are in front of a publishing house and a writer who does not respect the reader ... will not Going more than that in linguistic errors, and I turn to the second negative in the novel, which is prolonging and unnecessarily prolonging in many places, and even in one of the situations it came to describing how to make a cup of tea, starting from going to the kitchen and then stacking the cups and placing tea and sugar and then by boiling water In a tea curtains and wait for the water to boil, then pour the water into the cups and place it on the tray. The third negative is the weakness and fragility of the literary style and the weak structural structure of the sentences. For example, does it make sense for the author to suddenly remember to describe the protagonist to us on a page? Although he described all the secondary characters as soon as they were mentioned at the beginning of the novel .. The fourth negative is the repetition of mentioning events more than once over the course of the novel by the hero Yusuf, it is not logical that whenever he meets a new person to mention everything that happened from the beginning again. Such negatives, destroy and distort any literary work, no matter how good the idea is and the plot is tight .. This made me frustrated while reading because all my focus was lost whenever my eyes fell on a wrong word or an unpalatable or incorrect syntax correctly .. Generally .. I hope that These negatives decrease in the second part until the evaluation focuses next time on the luminous aspects.
A purely human narration tells of the wound deep in the hearts of the Palestinian people and the hearts of the entire nation .. Here Atef tells about the contradiction of life in the Gaza camp, there are :. . Who remains and who leaves. . There are those who come back and those who travel. . There are those who are common and who are common. . There are those who trade in life and there are those who carry an issue in life. Atef created a strange and beautiful contradiction between the characters of the novel. A life story attached to a name actually called Life in the Gaza camp is suspended as if it were suspended between two rugged ropes that one or both of them could fall at any moment. In this novel, I can only sympathize with its heroes, but I felt it was a traditional novel that didn&#39;t bring me anything new. The language of the novel is smooth, clear and easy for everyone. The only weak point is extreme repetition
I am still amazed and amazed that this is Baudelaire, for whom I have read two books before this.
Unfortunately, Ali is against the previous comments completely, as the whole book is confused and floundering ... There is no method for the book except passion, or in a more accurate sense: adapting the law to reality, not the other way around .. The writer bends the necks of the texts to me in order to correspond with the developments of the times in a way that clashes with the texts, and the woman’s openness to society is an uncontrolled openness with strict legal controls. Amin and dressed her in Islamic clothing to make her legal. One of the tawaam mentioned by the book: The meeting of women and men with its legal etiquette is what we can call it according to the popular expression now legal mixing and it is a healthy phenomenon despite all the texts that were repeated in warning against mixing..and also making mixing is the origin. In his book, the author continued not to differentiate in the legal rulings between the young woman and the old woman, because the young woman for fear of being infatuated with it has provisions in dealing with foreign men that pertain to her, and the rules for women have provisions pertaining to them, and the writer intentionally confuses the two cases, and the settlement between the two who are in countless places .. He also did not differentiate between accidental mixing and the easy meeting of a need between men and women, and the permanent mixing and long stay that eliminates the cost, and whose sustainability and repetition may lead to many spoilers, so that he is prevented from blocking the pretext and draining the sources of discord, so the writer markets the two types as one course, and the tide is not considered one course. See the prestige and the influential differences between them .. Some of which are: It is permissible for a woman to show her adornment in front of foreign men. He says: A Muslim woman must adhere to a measure of the apparent adornment throughout her life, whether she sits at her home or goes out to participate in social life. He said that the apparent adornment necessary for a woman to bring her out: eyeliner, and adornment of the cheeks .. He permitted shaking hands and inferred such funny things as affection among believers. He also permitted the woman to sleep alone, and said that the woman’s decision in her home and not to leave her will weaken her mind. Not to mention his words about covering the face and mocking it, yes, the issue is an argument in which there is an argument between saying that it is necessary to cover the face or its desirability, but it mocked and mentioned that he is sad and annoyed at the widespread spread of the veil. In order to cultivate confidence in the hearts of recipients who are not sold in science, he claims that he will rely only on the texts of the two correct ones, and that he will support his words with evidence, and that when he mentions the evidence, he will suspend a comment far from the purpose of the texts. Evidence is established in the correct understanding of the evidence. And the book has many tawa that deserve to be commented, corrected, and stood at it. Perhaps what is most worn on readers is the introduction of Dr. Youssef Al-Qaradawi and Muhammad Al-Ghazali for the book .... It is very natural that they praise the book. Sheikh Mohammed Al-Ghazali stated in other books to him that he admired the thought of Qasim Amin and the author of the book. Sharia errors contained in it :. : //. . // : //. . // There is a book by Sheikh Salman Al-Kharashi and an article by A. Jamal Sultan also in the criticism of the book.
In the beginning, the fun phrases that the writer wrote to swirled sailing surrounded me with their meanings, but with the passage of time, I felt bored, perhaps overwhelming me with the same repetition of the same meanings, but only the formulas of different forms
The hotel is overrated. Close to the sanctuary .. There are no housekeeping services at all four days, they only came once, and several contacts of the hotel are not worth evaluation and the difficulty in reaching it by car. The price does not match the service
You got it. . Failure to receive the customer in the first time for the first hours before booking, lack of availability of the same number of rooms as previously reserved
An Indian movie, this is how I saw it, but its style is interesting and interesting without a doubt making you devour the novel in one day.
The notes reflect the writer&#39;s understanding of the events he witnessed and his contemporary, and these notes are very much used to report from a witness, and that too is considered Rao&#39;s understanding of a witness. This weakens the book. On the whole, it is clear that the writer&#39;s experience was bitter in a war that ate green and land and its effects will last long.
Worst hotel. Location. Except for the site, everything is bad, as it is a hotel that inhabited it in my life.
Her story is very ordinary, she was the first thing she told her to suggest, and I knew all the events. I was shocked and looked unexpectedly.
Your eyes are not met with heart
Very weak. . Unfortunately, it is a very, very dirty hotel, and I hope the administration of Albuquerque to communicate with me is very important
It is the first novel that did not fascinate me by the wonderful Paolo Coelho. Although I love writing. Perhaps because it tells in a world that does not concern me and does not attract my attention. Where the novel revolves around a full day in France at the Cannes Film Festival. It revolves around the orbit of the wealthy and famous, and is punctuated by killings
The writer Sadiq took a longitudinal segment of the hero’s life, such as movies. This disturbed me .. If his vision was summed up in a movie, then when he did not write it is a scenario only
Weak. Nothing, starting with the uncooperative reception of the bad situation in the rooms. I could not sleep smelly and disturbing and the sound of the neighboring rooms is loud. I would never recommend living in it
This book, what? Or can we call it any? Or is he talking about any? Or why do you rate me? . This book has a lot of traditional ritual, and it was repeated like this before that .. It has a little trouble? Maybe. There are some sermons possible, but it is very traditional and your hands are close to that. We can call it an attempt to write a novel and it did not work. He speaks, they are a hard-working young man, a doctor has changed his experience in the jungles of Africa, from a selfish, fit-minded young man to a young man, Bidur Azai, who uses his job to relieve the pain of leprosy patients by discovering a serum for his treatment ... Love Toya and he left behind, and Toya died at the end and named her daughter after her name ... is very traditional, not so. In the novel, we criticize many things, most of which are: Tuya&#39;s succession was illegal, and this is the need of our Lord Almighty, to never accept it. Nevertheless, the author never criticized this part, but rather its images in a beautiful romantic setting. My evaluation is less than average because it does not contain any creativity, and because it is a very ordinary narration, I do not know anything about it.
I don’t know the complete language .. The language is weak and the style is weak..The name is not related to the book..It is assumed that the book is sarcastic, but I am a heavy and lip-glossy lip it is complete.
Kuwait. nothing. Lack of credibility
Its prices are expensive and it is tasty to eat very briefly
Weak. The location is just good, close to Al-Raqqa station. The hotel is very bad, the reception staff is also very silver, especially the Indian, there are no electric discs, the disco sound is very high, breakfast is not worth a dirham, there is no diversity
I needed to read some poetry..Whatever I searched for it, I did not find it here ... fifty pages and I was satisfied ..
Dammam. Prices are very reasonable. The bathroom was in the bathroom where water came out of the drain hole when showering, which bothered me a lot. Also, the delay in responding to room service. Parking is not available.
disappointing. Sea view. They offered me a room without a look, and when I asked for a room with a view they asked me to pay an additional price, my reservation was through booking.com, about one dirham, and the price after the increase amounted to almost, Only increased taxes and despite this the room was in the middle of the corridor in the sense of inconvenience of the transit
Very weak. . There are no services
Beautiful, light and fun ... as the breeze. I enjoyed it, reading it and watching it. =
useless things
disappointing. Arabic coffee at the entrance to the apartments. The furniture is old and the decor is not modern. Breakfast has no variety and is less than expected
In the beginning, I was not enthusiastic about reading Ahmad Murad’s novels. My view of her was that it was nothing but police stories for young teenagers, but after urgent pressed by some friends, I decided to start reading the dust of diamonds, which I did not comment on except with a weak word .. I did not read Vertejo because of the reprimands that I encountered towards This novel was most described by me as luxurious .. Until I published the novel The Blue Elephant and I was not enthusiastic about it but I decided to read it after rolling on the arenas friends who finished it and they described it as the mother of the novels and it is real and magic a hundred years of isolation and its style is evolving and it is better than its peers Vertigo and the dust of th I have phased the stages until I read it and I was the great disaster ... The blue elephant was evaluating this novel with only two stars. Our appreciation is from me to the effort and time that Murad made a suit in writing it. When I started it, I was very enthusiastic about it and very impressed with the style of Ahmed Murad and its similes and Maya. I was waiting for the end that would impress me and that would make me spend the nights thinking about it. Lubna, Maya, Dega and Sameh even uncle Sayyid, may God have mercy on him, cursed and headed the issue of the number of red beetles. Why did Murad cost himself all this time and effort to write this nonsense. Baydina. I am here not for criticism but to attack the blue elephant The elephant that cost me three days and four nights to save it .. Next time when the novel is printed I write on its cover for teenagers with acne and light gray in their faces from age to year although it does not fit these ages because of the slope Nationality that melts in all your writing .. Damn your blue.
Unfortunately, I was disappointed ... and considered it one of the books I regretted paying money in. Malush book, meaning it is absolutely necessary, even the narration style is not fun and almost boring and unexpected from Doctor Muhammad. Two stars but for the sake of Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq
Weak. . Cleanliness is poor and rooms are worn out. I would not recommend staying in it
Very weak. . Poor hotel officials treated bad dirty not caring about guest
Exaggerated . Its proximity to Sharaf DG station and the furniture is quite good. The reception is bad, I paralyzed my things myself, and there are no services that deserve the required amount
Less than expected for a pen, such as the pen of Jihad Al-Rajabi ... its beginning is very, very boring, and in its entirety are few events ... its conclusion is beautiful
Bad . Less than normal. Too bad because the value you paid for it is not an option
why?. I will try to arrange my thoughts and I review the books. First of all, the author, if only she got tired herself and reads, because the hook winks in a copy for men and a copy for girls, she will find her words there and the second book is older, I mean, this is not new, on the other hand, his blood was lighter and I was thinking good, but I did not like it very much, but I did not know frankly, what is this, if I had seen my series I would marry to India Sabri, you were winding yourself and my office, because almost with the book I said on the first, they did this task. The book is in terrible contrast meaning. For example, to press the girl on certain topics, we say you are a queen, you are my wife, the queen, and the princess. But if the girl loves Farah in a hotel, so that she feels that she is a queen, I do not have such greed, and herself imitates her cousin and cannot appreciate, etc. Why do you play with her affection, from this point? What is the same in this, why don&#39;t you use it? What is it? When I come to love and marry, I will surely marry a person like me in everything, even socially, and build my life with him. I do not see if there is a shame if girls think about it. Ghassan Kanafani said love alone cannot, regardless of his temperature, bake a loaf and his words are correct. Dream and make your dream come true. As for a second point, which is that you have prescribed it for the full-fledged girls, when they wear a heel, and then a little, say it. Yes, how long it is, there are no people in the promotion of how it does not matter to anyone, what psychologically, you will get tired of the severe schizophrenia. Almost all of the girls have been singled out by the author, except for a certain group, and she is supposed to advise you. There is no girl from whom you have attained you. You will be ready for her in her place, nor is she at all harmful to you. What do you do for her, Lord of her account with him? You do not guide those whom you loved, but God guides whomever He wills. And the advice is not like that, I am not waiting for you, and I tell you, amazed, I just believe you. One of the needs that satisfied me with his consent is that the writer thought that she was shaking, and her blood was not light in some situations, and I am frankly, this is not sincere, so I am smiling even. Of course, we need to answer something from the country to complete the night. The book as a whole, my sincere fans. I sincerely believed that I could read the same writer Tani
According to the principle that I will not leave a book that I started other than when I save it. I completed the novel. I can say that it is one of the worst that I have read, even the stories of the forums that I used to read in my secondary and secondary content, and a specific drawing of the characters about it ... People are wrapped up behind one with the disgusting image, this is against instinct even ... All events are not of the kind that can convince me, and the level of dialogue is top in regression frankly, spelling errors and poor language can be published if my criticism will be more merciful, but publishing this will contribute to the decline of the general market More and more .... With an apology to the writer if my words annoy him ...
Izz al-Din Shukri Biharj: /. But that&#39;s it
A rather deep book. Perhaps the most distinguishing feature of this book is the writer’s heat that you notice from the way of narration and clarification in order to communicate his new idea and to prove his scientific theories, as you feel from his sentences as if in front of you speaking to you with passion and flare,. Sometimes by striking examples and sometimes from some social quotes refuted under the scientific light, especially from the sociologist Ibn Khaldoun, where it was found that the writer was deeply affected by it and at other times explains what he reached from the laws during his life and his researches and sometimes refutes the laws that we have taken as a method without our reflection Her health or her mistake, and so .. I liked the writer eating the topic of what we call luck and how he nullified this law that is rampant among people. Luck, but he did not convince me of his alternative, perhaps because he linked the thoughts of reason and a For the same article, an exaggerated link, forgetting other factors that must be taken into account. Mmm, and also I liked how he revealed a small secret of the secrets of success, which is that it is not always necessary that success be a strong pursuit, but there are subconscious paranormalities that a person can reach with the level he wants:. In fact, I hate human development books, which are titled Secrets of Success, Secrets of Genius, and how to be successful and the like, as they are somewhat considered failed books that one does not really reach what you want and with this I cannot underestimate the value of these books, and this book despite It surprised me with his new theories, which opened new horizons in front of me or answered some of my questions related to the success of any individual or how one reached his goals and admired me in a way that the writer explained how the psychological forces that a person neglects in his life in a different, new and scientific, physical way. But I cannot say that the book has benefited me. It is close to theories that convince you and amaze you, but you will not benefit from it in your practical life, perhaps because of its many philosophical aspects.
Weak. nothing. Everything and most important thing is lack of hygiene and furniture is old and smell
My first reading of Tawfiq al-Hakim .... I knew that this was one of the first versions of al-Hakim, if not the first of his works, and that he was one of the pioneers of Arab theater literature, and with this work he had led greatly to resolve an intellectual debate at the time about the ability of the Arabic language to keep up with the colors of a A global bear .. a genius action. Al-Hakim was able to depict the psyche of all the heroes of the play with a great accident like what happened to them, Al-Hakim&#39;s philosophical ideas appear clearly in all dialogue, the characters are somewhat superficial, and if this is expected to shorten the play .. the negative is the most important in this work, which covered many The advantages in it are that this work dealt with one of the stories of the Qur’an, the first result of dealing with this story as a fictional work, is that their sleep in the cave seemed like severe torture from God on them, and not as mercy and guidance. As the boys harbored the cave, they said: “Our Lord, have mercy on us, and prepare us for our guidance. . And he hit us on their ears in the cave for years. . Then, after waking them up, it seemed to them that some of them had disbelieved in their Lord because of the horror of what he had seen. We are short of you. They tell them the truth. They are young men, they believe in their Lord, and give them guidance. . And they bound us to their hearts when they rose up, and they said: Our Lord, the Lord of the heavens and the earth, we will not call without Him a god. We said if He was abrogated. . I do not believe in restricting creativity in general, but the sanctity of the stories of the Qur’an is a restriction that I cannot overlook.
Is there a man in the universe with all these overwhelming feelings that have gone crazy? ... And if this man who loves a female finds all this madness, then surely he is nothing ... There are no angels on the ground ... Moderation is required in everything ... The feelings in this book are very exaggerated to the point of repetition and a lot of poems of Nizar and Darwish are quoted in a kind From unwanted tradition ... I did not believe this recklessness and intended exaggeration throughout the book
Very weak. . There is no water spray, the smell of eating is widespread in the hotel
I will not live. Decoration. Hotel staff
Unfortunately, it is not like hope, and it lacks attention and respect for people&#39;s times. . The rooms were not available crowded despite my reservation more than a month ago and my request was not fulfilled, which is that the two rooms are adjacent and there is no shampoo or toothbrush. To enter the bathroom, the internet must be paid for an hour sixty Saudi riyals and only two devices are allowed to use the internet even though I booked two triple rooms, meaning that each room has people
Too bad ... I didn&#39;t like it
It is true not everyone who owned language councils. A complete absence of literary rhetoric and magic of words. Poplar between characters is weak and unattractive. As for the content, I want the aspiration of the ancient Egyptians&#39; knowledge of monotheism through our master Idris, and that he had statues of violin ... seriously, and I did not want the exodus of our master Joseph .. Seriously, the second dimension of our master Moses met Ahmose ... Ahmus .. Actually ... hard ... medicine tried Answers historical evidence or changes from extrapolating real events. The writer was in a hurry to conclude the novel. I mean, it was possible to adopt its expressions in a much better way. It serves more historical events. As long as we write a history, we will remain dazzled. Then, I want to tell the story of Pharaoh and our master Musa .. Good, not taken from the Qur’an, and the story is written directly and almost with the same words ... Where is the effort ??. Then the word &quot;Hyksos&quot; would not be used to describe the pure pharaoh of her meal, so that the pastoral tribes would be described once in the whole story. Then, at the end, you speak to Pharaoh that he is from the Hyksos .. The word that Magash mentioned only once, and it was trampled, to prove it in the end, that he was not an Egyptian. In the last. You ruined the sad ends
disappointing. . Dealing on arrival ...
The first thing I read to him .. and I have not completed it yet
Do you come to eternity like Taha Hassn ... We are in Ahwaz, we love him with his attention in front of someone who has malice
The writer tries on more than one page of what I remember to prove that the woman around her is a conspiracy. Tired of repeating them. Trying to adopt opinions and opposing it. He tries to suggest to us that he has the true, sincere and sincere religion and that what he says is true one hundred percent .. He mentioned many things that were in Egypt and openness but in contrast from the period he mentioned and until now Egypt has committed more and returned more conservative than before .. I saw many From the interviews and read several tweets. He tries to set himself up as the guard of virtue and the commanding hero who reveals everything. Delusions that we are tired of repeating them. I generally bought the book and expected something and found it another. I did not get to know the author until after his purchase .. To be fair, I could not complete reading the book. But I covered him around him
What works forever nothing. The night club sound kept me to the room other than that it is your entrance and you followed the night and one gives your family to see something that never satisfies you, the inconvenience of the corridors .. their entry into the room even though I hang on the door not to disturb .. poor cleanliness of the rooms and their small size is exaggerated to the degree of what I know the original of the distress, The kiss in my room is different from the one in my children&#39;s room, even though we are in one row, and when I called them, I was amazed at the difference. They said, unfortunately, that I accepted you wrongly: .. The worst two days I lived, I could not complete the check-out.
Eat them as you walk alone once in a lifetime so you say you see you entered this restaurant
. . Hotel management and lack of credibility in terms of allowing smoking in the apartment hall
A hotel not worth what you pay for. Kitchen furniture location. Poor maintenance service, poor accessibility, poor handling of the complaint, and failure to answer the phone
Bed at the last minute to spend a good night, stayed in a nice quiet room. Breakfast is nice but the room is very worn out, it could have been cleaned inside the suite there was ridiculously small wardrobe. I have stayed in other cheaper hotels that include bed and breakfast and were of a different quality and much higher.
The book is nice, and it is the type of books that can be traced back to Adam after reading, because it is stories / articles / short stories, separated in a big way .. and interesting especially with the touch of the autobiography in which ... this is a need ... the second need remained and the task is very, very Indeed, it is a very important lesson that remained in my brain after reading this book. So, this is the comparison that Omar Taher held between Amr Diab and Medhat Saleh .. And how is the first to make his albums expressive of his generation that you can date your life and important details in it with songs and albums Amr Diab .. and this is what continues during ... while the beginnings of Medhat Saleh were on the track Another time that was a cry expressing his generation at the time, and that if he had walked and continued on the same track his time would have been a real sign in the life of the people, but after this he preferred to linger in the bosom of the official establishment, singing in the opera, restoring heritage songs and salamat..etc. The point is really very important, very inspiring, and valid for application to different fields of art .. And somehow, it responds to part of the question of what makes people complete and other people quickly turns out despite being promising in the beginning .... It was a nice warning that anyone trying to work in Railroad for art / writing / singing ... etc. It is necessary for him to ring F and Deen ... Thanks Umar Taher.
Not as powerful as his other narration: the time of white horses
Good material ... good idea ... how many mistakes are terrible. Excessive use of group wow, while talking about the pillar of a single individual who is running is not counting and does not seem. Muthanna, plural and numbers are raised instead of being erected as required. Vernacular in dialogues is an idea that we have come to live with, and perhaps it is necessary here specifically for the necessity of ridicule, but here is somewhat strange also: for one ... like it: ... mm ... perhaps it is vernacular and for all his way of speaking and then writing. The book needs linguistic review for other problems and other examples of annoying errors. I do not speak out of desire for criticism, but rather out of concern for the idea that I often distracted from due to errors and the use of vernacular sometimes in the context, not dialogue automatically, and because of my annoyance, because I bought the book for the purpose of keeping it in my library for my children with all the errors contained in the book. I request all new publishing houses to use linguistic reviewers ... such errors are perceived and annoying, and I trust that there are others, which I did not notice by virtue of not practicing writing and only reading the existing books by making mistakes until I used these errors:
Very weak. . Poor addition and different pictures from the impact, and its price has risen against service and cleanliness
The star of the writer&#39;s style
Not suitable for families. The location is near the airport only. The level is two stars, not four stars
I do not recommend living in it unless the bathrooms are maintained. The reservation was upgraded to a two-room apartment at the same price. The bathroom is very dirty
A very very novel novel on my heart, I can’t complete it ... what knives and kitchens are there for many hours I was going to tell the novel and I say to the writer you want what exactly
I did not like staying in the hotel. Just calm down. The price of the hotel is very exaggerated, and what you deserve is the value of the internet. They have a weak time, and the way it is presented is user and password. When you look from the hotel and return, you must put down the yuz and the password. The speed of executing the requests is very bad.
I don’t know, I can’t complete it .. Hey, the topics. I feel that it is really from the heart and the words are simple, but the topics were very long, so I was so lost that I was bored and I read it
Initially, I was thinking about acquiring this novel. But one of my colleagues told me that she did not sleep the whole night because of her. It made me feel excited, so loan me. . My first impression was the cover, I liked the charms behind the title. Very nice touch. . I finished the novel in one day, and I am not surprised that anyone finished it in such a short time. It is not a philosophical or police narration or something else. It does not need to think about its events, according to me, it was very expected. What used to happen in the world of the jinn, including fighting, ideas and their intentions. This is the new item for me. The most beautiful thing about the novel is the way we describe the human world from an unseen world to us. How do they see us and what they do with our existence their feelings their thoughts their intentions and other things. Most spoiled the atmosphere of the novel, as some have said, the transition from classical to colloquial. I was merging with some clips when the blank mug occurs. This is what I enjoy most. . Also, there is a point where Sawsan and Iyad adapted to Hogan so quickly. My God, how did Sawsan not see this horrifying thing, even for a moment, and even Iyad dreamed of all the girls. It may be the most annoying thing about portraying the very idealistic hero and the very kind girl. And happiness in the end. This is the first thing I will put in my mind before I open the novel. . In the end, it is not as terrifying as some expect, but it is also nice
As usual .. the name of the book deceives me and I am surprised when I present a story magazine or a daily newspaper under the title of excerpts. Despite this, I really enjoyed the articles and Dr. Ahmed Khaled&#39;s unusual style:
Very weak. . It can not be classified as a five-star category, many stars yet
The Saudi employees need to be trained and expedited. . Saudi employees need to be trained and speedy
Diaspora for those who descended the house of faith. The location of the hotel. The delay in entry procedures refused to give the inmate toothbrushes and some of the tools provided by hotels of this degree, not to answer the phone upon request, except after an effort
You scattered the days after I was arranged today. You cannot sit before losing something from you
Interesting, shocking novel at first sight in its language that mixes classical at times with the language of the street at other times until you realize that the writer does not address an intellectual and that he asks the ordinary reader who does not search for the stylist of the phrases and does not care about the techniques of crafting the literary style .. the novel is centered around Excitement of all kinds, from pushing ambiguity to the unfinished picture and the meetings related to this, the writer excelled in pushing the reader gasping behind the pages in search of the completion of the image .. The composition of the novel defects some projections in a place without meaning, some of them are political projections from the current era or from past periods and But it was intercalated in the general context M of the novel, but the general political framework and historical structure are very good in the novel .. I was greatly impressed by the novel and will motivate me to read more of Ahmad Murad&#39;s works
Weak. Location. All the rest
I was hoping that. The content of the book is beautiful. The one that had coordination and form. And technical directing of the book. The book is light articles. P-book. It was cute and the topics were sweet. After this article or topic. I felt terribly bored. Especially he stayed. It has needs. Repeated in a way that has no necessary meaning. Like Mama subject matter. Tom &amp; Jerry. Or the Grendizer topic. Or even the subject of automated control on cartoon films. It was possible to merge them under one topic. It does not necessarily mean. Once is about Tom and Jerry. And once about Grendizer. And once with a movie. And once with Kate Winslet. There was no reason to repeat the same idea. On such a topic. The sweet is the book. You can feel a little craving. For the needs of time. When one was a child. And all his concern. He has Atari. Or even watch Tom and Jerry. Popeye and olives. More topics I liked:. The secret of the bid..I felt that there really are many people who are ignorant of the matter. The importance of Pepsi with sandwiches in restaurants .. The big idea behind the topic is that I liked it more than the idea of having Pepsi with food. The longest concert in history..I felt that I wanted to go to the dome in order to hear it. The civil pyramid is the biggest architectural failure in history. I was my mom&#39;s doll ... even though I don&#39;t know the cartoon. Assistant champion, as an idea more than the examples that illustrate the subject, please see, because I have cartoon films, I do not know them, so it will not remain a fun topic for me. From above or from below. Countries can be more topics that I liked. I had expectations that he would read the book sweet. But unfortunately, I don&#39;t get it
One of the worst novels and the last time I bought the writer. And I advise anyone to not read it. I bought the book from cam day from sunrise. I regret that I wasted my time in it
I suffer from service and hygiene. The best restaurant in the hotel. Cleanliness and service are considered five stars, the brushes are very old and worn out, and the service is very bad
An unrepeatable experience. I thank the receptionist, Professor Mustafa, as he was the only advantage in these wings for his wonderful handling and rapid response, as well as the response of the workers in transporting luggage and mini-cafes .. In general, I do not recommend staying in these wings and for the following reasons: / Difficult to reach them, especially with Maintenance work . / The bathrooms are narrow, in addition to the door being broken and not closing. / The bed is never comfortable to sleep. The sofa in the hall is completely dirty and has many stains on it. / I noticed the law inside the apartment. I spent days without TV channels due to an unrepaired holiday.
Very weak. Nothing is its worst hotel yet. From the position, reception and noise until the end of the night
Tired of me and puzzled me with regard to intercession and led me to the extent of skepticism regarding the hadiths of Bukhari:
Dubai Durrat Al-Khaleej. Location. The receptionists are excited, there should be more courses in dealing with Dubai International City, such as changing prices, not having a price list
Ridiculous, a very ridiculous book, and it contains a quantity of extravagance over the description, almost as far as understanding Bilal Fadl, the idea of satirical literature is wrong. I am not reading a book by a Saudi journalist whose name is Turkish. The first two days were for Omar Taher and the other one, and the result was not satisfactory at all, but this was a second chance, before I dashed them forever.
disappointing. Hotel in terms of handling is very poor at check-in and check-out. Hotel in terms of handling is very poor at check-in and check-out
The classification does not reflect reality forever. The entrance is only good at the hotel. The hotel is classified as five stars and what I found was bad service, lack of cleanliness, and room care in general. Almost everything in the room does not work except for TV. The water is very weak and yellow is very bad. I would never recommend it.
Excerpts from the novel &quot;The Roof of Sufficiency&quot; by Mohamed Hassan Alwan. . You were not an ordinary woman until my love for you was normal .. I was a flood sweeping before him all the trees of anxiety and the glaciers of anticipation and watering .. I was coming like the face of the dawn that falls the long monastic night .. I was coming down on the forehead of the deserted planet and between your hands water and life and creatures and a new solar cycle. . This type of women does not accompany me .. I am a first time lover. It crushes me to the last cell visited by blood, then collects my girl, gathers my atoms, and another man kneads me as love wants me. . The anchor lifted and headed straight to your eyes, and inside me a new faith, other principles, languages, legends, pens, and books of wisdom are formed .. they all created themselves in the midst of confrontation and interacted with each other as best as they could to reach you quickly before they escaped into the sky as the clouds escaped. . Love was not a decision I sought to take as much as it was destined to take me. . Love is never a decision .. It is the thing that chooses two accurately and ignites between them the fuse of the confrontation and leaves them in the chaos of feelings without evidence. . Unbridled is the writing whose source derives from the memory that it dips, taking into account the pain ... that drink from the insatiable soul of the soul, which comes out to life before I reserve a place for it. . Fate, the weak writer .. He does not get rid of the restrictions of his life except by the limitations of his imagination, and soon he puts his clothes on from the night until he wears his memory from the day as if he could never remain naked or his skin would not erode. . I always expect that the relationship that we expect to form in advance will not be love. Of course, always, the amount of love comes as a stranger to our lives. New to our papers and dreams .. Always imposes himself as a wonderful melodic in the note of a lifetime. . Some women are nothing more than a handkerchief by which we wipe our tears at the separation of another woman ... but also from them who wipes the entire memory tape to sit on her alone. . Tell my tired heart how a woman can change a man&#39;s circumstances, standards, outlook on life, and philosophy in the universe, then leave her signature on everything in it until he doubts the existence of another woman that suffices the bitterness of licking in his wounds. . I who thought that nothing in this world is closer to you .. As it is nothing in the world is closer to me than you .. I finally discovered that the words that two lovers say in a moment of embrace and the promises they make in tears should not be taken seriously. . The woman remains balanced until she tastes a man .. He mixes all things within her ... starting from her tongue and passing through her heart, her past, her love and her loyalty .. She enters a coherent bed to get out of it and she is another woman who has different behavior, other belief and a new memory. . I tried to forget you because I did not think that my being stuck on the model of love is a fulfillment .. While you are sheltering to flash another man every evening of your own free will and choice. . It is a lack of insight that a woman thinks that he who loves her turns the scales and invents the rebellion and writes to incite her only .. While true love does not need to be motivated to make us change the shape of our entire lives for the sake of those we love. . The truth is, not thinking that your husband seemed to me a rusty barrel .. a duplicate of thousands of men who fool in our society without benefit and live the same style and the same thought and stupidity yourself .. class philosophy encapsulates the framework of his life with a significant amount of empty bulging that contains nothing .. Hybrid vanity With ignorance and pathetic fame .. He thinks it is intelligence and the ability to seduce a woman like you as he tries to look handsome and tactful. . I never understood how a mother can raise her son to reduce the daughters of her gender without knowing ... the boy grows up and is desperate for women and the girl grows up and she is afraid of a man she did not know .. I never understood why boys teach differentiation lessons to women and they do not teach them lessons of integration with them from A correct equation. . The return from writing is no longer greater than the sadness that I am making during it .. I no longer have someone to write for after the trip of Our Lady of my books. . With you, you learned how to write while I was in love .. Because writing without love is only a craft .. I used to practice it randomly .. Hold the pen and draw the lines and at the end of each line I made my turn left or right .. improvisation that expands to be a chaos coordinated in the framework of my straying idea. . Do not be surprised when one day you discover that the widest poem in your notebook is narrower than the sadness of your chest. . As much as I enjoyed you .. here I am tormenting you now. . When life cannot go on ... we must need a long pause for sadness. . Life hates to ignore its blows to us .. and refuses to continue with it without standing up again .. to announce our defeat before its fateful weapon. . I began to think that my loss of writing and the homeland and my mother was nothing but attempts by me to lose other things besides you .. I wanted the sadness to combine with the sadness and mix with each other until the features of your first sadness disappear. . I suffered for years from this open heart gap in front of the crying bacterium .. I am very tired of the many that I close every night, as the shepherds close their huts to the night of the wind .. But I always lean before it and open it myself. . Every new love takes away a man from one&#39;s eyes, and makes another woman a woman&#39;s eyes. . A woman like you resembles the big homeland .. The more it widens, the more we are tired of protecting its borders. . The man shields women against all external and harmful. And the woman has his inner shield from the coups of his soul on his body .. both protect the other .. and if a woman is able to dispense with a man and protect herself based on society and the law .. a man may not find what he needs from her .. then nothing in the laws of the world protects our souls from collapse and She turned to tenderness. . We reveal the compelling and compelling big reasons, while small things may hide it ashamed or escape the difficulty of explaining it. These small things may be responsible for all decision-making. . I have learned that giving in to sorrow is sometimes more encouraging than resisting .. Some belts did not come to fight us .. Rather, let us hold fast to our wounds before fate. . In this life in which we live, God has not made our destinies in the hands of others, but He has given us sufficient weakness to surrender our destinies to them. . God created us human beings in order to understand each other .. no one understands himself. . When our souls meet with this madness, our bodies will not stand far from this party of love ... One day, it must also meet, because that violent tendency in which we irrigate the thirsty spirit must also be met by bodies that are also thirsty from the beginning of the road. . Love fakes a lot there .. Every vague feeling conveys love .. Longing for love .. Desire for love .. Desire for love .. Rebellion of love..all are separate feelings from each other that come alone and disappear alone..but the widening inner robe of conscience before the conscience. . It&#39;s love . . Women are a graceful planet that has the ability to change its orbit easily. As for men, the most difficult cosmic accidents are not able to move them from its orbit sometimes. . If you want your love to succeed, leave the rudder to the female .. If you want your marriage to succeed, hold the rudder. . It is no longer enough to offer love in order to get married ... it is sufficient to give money and come first, and we will steal the grains of others. . I have never been a crutch to anyone. You have to learn to walk alone when a woman abandons you ... or learn to jump on one leg. . Any woman who folds a man in her hands, like a metal screw, then releases him to bounce away and fall to the ground, twisted in excess of the need, not reusable. . How much we lack the correct understanding in order to understand that some of what we think are ideal were nothing but a last resort .. and that the principles separated by society from us may not fit our bodies .. so why do we separate our principles ourselves as long as the last goal is to cover the nakedness. . Your true guilt is to marry someone you do not love and between your hands you love and that your heart stays beating with the love of a man while you are in love with another. . We are stray wolves, my brother. We have nothing left but our fame .. No country .. No people. . She plays today the role of a wife who overcame her destiny only to continue life .. She tries to deepen the role of her emotion in determining her fate .. Fills the sad gaps with limited life concerns .. Simple successes .. A fake emotional illusion ... One day the days will put her as there are no membranes like this And you will see the truth about its unity. . Love is innocent from that marriage .. No matter what I claim and invoke it and the neck of his neck will not come .. We do not plow the land and throw seeds, then we wait for the rain to come down .. But we carry our plow and seeds and we drive our dreams to where we already knew that the rain will come down. . Imagine a man who lives with several goals .. He wants money, safety, happiness, family and homeland .. Then his goals multiply .. If he seeks one of them the other .. And if he strives in one way .. He refuses to sacrifice others .. He is satisfied with the fairness of the goals that come alone and do not move Still, this is not revolutionary. . You will know when you try others how the men differ from each other and the people differentiate between them .. and how the word spinning that a lover pronounces is different from the one uttered by a dude and the warm smile that carries you in the bad is different as it carries you in the air from the one that brings you a marital duty to give the artificial stability to the sides of marriage . . We agreed to leave the embers under the ashes until they extinguished on their own, risking our hearts to be at risk of burns if we passed a word or an event reminding us of the story ... until the day comes when our burns cool and the last carbuncle suffocates. . Love is the eternal desire that wanders in our instinct .. The sharp is small, we do not know a reason for its emergence .. But when it declares civil disobedience in the country .. it is the first rebels and the first martyrs and the first traitors. . If you were a woman
Service does not rise to the position of the hotel. The rooms are spacious and sweet ... the service is poor. It was upgraded, but from worst to worst. Talk to them quickly. The hotel is very beautiful, it is forbidden to serve them with this weakness. I went out for a second hotel because of their service
Aya al-Malwani is one of the people whose simple words enter your heart quickly. The book is light, it reads once, the design of the cover and dedication is more than two things, I like the book. As a start, it is good, and I expect that what comes
Almost as bad as sleeping at the airport the airline had arranged for us to stay at the ibis Paris Roissy Charles de Gaulle, when we missed the transit flight. The accommodations were rudimentary, three twin beds and nothing more than that nor even a pen that you absolutely needed while facing these challenges. The room was dirty .. the walls are stained, there is mold in the bathroom, and it looks like it needs repair and is not getting attention. While we appreciate the help the airline has provided for staying there, it was just as bad as sleeping at the airport almost.
Very weak. nothing. Everything, a bad experience will not be repeated
There is no doubt that Dr. Abdullah is an educated person, and I personally like my unorthodox view of judging many phenomena .. But because we have learned and from the doctor himself to do justice to the work of his author and our love or our hatred does not affect what we say of opinions and not personalize production .. I say, This work did not rise to the level that I woven for him in my imagination from a level. He talked in his first half about the beginning of modernity in Saudi Arabia and divided it into three phases with its people at every stage. The three phases shows how the characters of each stage influence the next, as well It did not indicate how the modernist thought began to appear in a very conservative society in its cultural and life contexts, especially as it was a stage in which the Internet and ease of travel did not provide opportunities to identify the books of the other, allowing an anomaly from the general or negative pattern to emerge, that exit .. Section II, which is What was really an addition should not have been included in the book, as it talks about the hardships and threats and many names of those who fought food and modern modern thought, a purely personal chapter, and if he was lame in talking only about these annoyances, and he was satisfied with the pictures he included for some of the threatening letters to suffice, the reader does not concern him These details do not provide him and do not add anything to him .
I did not want .. I did not intend to. Boring
disappointing. I only liked the hotel location. The blankets have a smell and the room too
I am not eager to read anything else, Taha Hussein
Not good and very expensive
Their announcement of the bookings is incorrect and far from the Haram in terms of traffic. Away from the sanctuary, with a mountain, and you cannot go forbidden for your man. One road to the campus and far away and the hotel is on a mountain
disappointing. An acceptable hotel when necessary and suitable for families. Luggage, a consumer, needs maintenance and cleanliness
disappointing. . Rubbishbn rubbish and the way to deal with them
Initially, the writer’s language is often inconsistent, although his Arabic is good. Also, in many cases, the writer speaks as if the reader has read all the stories that set an example with her or her personalities. In the foreground forty years of my life is my entry into this book. And the title of the Arab book is a Japanese view. He spoke at the beginning of the book about his studies and what made him move around the Arab countries a lot, and then he began to mention the most negatives that we do not disagree on. But then he did not mention any positive thing for Arabs in general except generosity, which when he mentioned it emphasized that only the honorable Arab does this in the sense that the issue is not general. On the contrary, he was comparing throughout the book to the Japanese, the extent of their positivity and their good qualities, and in a very generalized manner. As for the book of a tenth-year-old person, only good friends were mentioned, the rest are thieves and religious people, without progress, traitors, honesty, and without any responsibility. This is a very ungrateful person. The presence of bad things does not always deny the existence of good, and the coincidence of bad people does not negate their good, and a book for forty years reduces it to a page that is mostly bad, questioning its credibility.
I have never felt comfortable with the sound of the air conditioner and the uncomfortable baggage. . The building is old, the floors are old, the bathrooms happened, nothing wrong, and the shampoo was placed in the ketchup houses
She never liked me. And the star was on one page, I just liked it
Less than normal. . Pictures are better than reality
I did not like neither the story nor the characters but I can neither Adam nor the book nor the writer for the beauty of his language and expressions ... Maybe because my expectations were greater but I can not Adam neither the book nor the writer for the beauty of his language and expressions. I do not like the weak woman, as much as I am happier with the woman who challenges her feelings, especially in front of a personality like the Aziz longitudinal property ownership ... and I always felt a tightness in my chest whenever I felt that it was possible to forgive him. A novel that reminds me of the naivety of my love and increases my curse on him.
Once you start reading this book, you will stick to it ... In less than two hours I finished it. It contains several short stories that you will not get bored while reading it, as it belongs to a very beautiful literary pen ... I liked the fact that the writer added a quote after each story. Incidentally:. I like the prints of the glow of life, as it comes with very simple designs and the quality of its paper is very likable to me
Insta life. In fact, I do not find a suitable description for this trivial superficial novel that has a very clear call for suicide. What drives a normal person to strive to find causes of life in order to live and challenge himself, God and people, that if he does not find them he will commit suicide? Although, if he finds one reason and is completely satisfied with him from the inside, he will live happy and satisfied. Even if he lost it because his belief that God exists, and that he is of his making and creation, he never gives him the right to finish his life whenever he wants .. This is if he indicates something that indicates that the protagonists of the gloom of gloom are not looking for reasons for life, but rather looking for The tragedies that encourage them to die .. We all go through psychological problems, calamities, we lose the closest people to our hearts by death or any other farewell, and then we feel weak and helpless that may lead us without the will to commit suicide ... but once we escape from this miserable attempt And we solidify our backs, and we find that it is truly nothing worth ever. We do not call on others to commit suicide with naivety and idiocy without thinking about the effect of our words on the weak, desperate and hesitant souls between death and life. The narration style is boring, and much of the narration stuffing is completely unimportant. I felt that I wanted to finish it quickly to throw it in the nearest garbage bin and not see it again .. In addition to that it affected my psychological state negatively, it put me in a cycle of depression like no other, so thank you very much for this valuable addition to our lives. One star for the cover.
The sun&#39;s rays began to shine, scattering their rays on the river, while the birds in their shores are on clear trees that do not know what to do, etc. The novel, in its classic style, is very boring and boring, and was not devoid of description and cooking, as if we were in the matter of creating prep for students. Zainab, this well-known novel, is the first Arabic novel and the best of what Muhammad Hussein Heikal wrote is, in fact, the most boring Arabic novels. Emotional transformations of the protagonists of the novel is a real catastrophe Hamed, who every little loves Zainab, and after that he curses her and goes to love Aziza and returns again to Zainab, and thus without justifications and without reasons for the emotional transformation of this novel. How many hours of my life have they been lost on earth ... so what is the sin of plants, O Temple
I was disappointed with the end of the novel .. And I was amazed at the card and slapping that took place at the end, which I had started a little earlier, more integrated with the novel about the above with chapters or events. I liked the novel in part. I was in jail when Toya was killed. And from my point of view .. there are many things that had to be deleted and things that I think were absent from the writer&#39;s head were better able to be put. The idea as a whole is great, but the end is ugly. Modify ... the cover masterpiece masterpiece masterpiece
Just as an experience. . The toilet is bad. Star level
disappointing. I liked the proximity to the campus. Ducks in the implementation of the service and some of the reception staff
A book that did not present anything new .. The writer reviews some of the extraordinary abilities of a person named Peter Horcus without presenting any new theory or a rational explanation of his abilities that suddenly appeared after an accident he was exposed to .. Just a set of random articles translated from him without the writer trying to add something to it. The idea could have been summarized in one article, but a complete book, and in a hopeful fashion, boring words, the result is a bad business book.
disappointing. nothing. Exaggerated price and reception of employees
Very weak. . The reception level is very poor. The level of hygiene is asphalt. The lack of tissues in the rooms and towels except by contacting them. Our expectation is that the level of the higher rooms is consumed.
Creativity is the title of success. nothing. The bedrooms are old
Abu Nada . Its proximity to the sanctuary. Room size
Unhappy stay. Breakfast only. The reception is very poor, cleanliness, the rooms are bad, and the Wi-Fi is bad
I was not satisfied with shops, Ousta. : /
Finally I finished this book exactly four months after the date of his purchase. Orhan Pamuk published his autobiography in two books, this is the first of them and contains the memories of his very early childhood. Most of the book talked about Istanbul in great detail and unfortunately this is not what I was looking for. I discovered that what I was looking for was in the second book, in other colors, I might decide to buy it one day.
Bring your ear plugs and have stayed at this hotel for business several times. Room is ok, prices may be good and there is free Wi-Fi. However, the main problem is that there is a noisy, well-insulated night club well on the ground floor and you can hear his music until three o&#39;clock in the morning even if your room is like my room is on the sixth floor.
Really need something from the other. It contains rigid paragraphs that have to stand together. Hard working wonderfully:
A very ordinary novel, although its name is very interesting. Just a narration, there could have been more imagination and creativity than this .... Of course, I am not looking at our great writer, Professor Naguib, but I was expecting something exciting more than this
disappointing. Location and breakfast only. Poor services and five star hotel
disappointing. Location is excellent, close to campus, good and varied breakfast. Room delivery times are not appropriate: Delayed room delivery. Internet bad.
One of the least novels of the creative writer, I struggled to finish it, a thought that was pureed a hundred times before, about a lunatic who sees the future, sir the writer is the hero of your novel, you will find thousands of him next to the mosque of Mrs. Zainab. The narration as a whole is medium.
Other than that the idea of the strange story of Taha is inside the main story, and that you only discover this in the middle of the novel .. the novel is normal and even naive in some passages
Literary failure has a title .. The Nabati narration by Ibn Zidan
In the beginning and until the middle of the novel, I felt bored, and the novel did not attract me to follow it, and I keep reading it day and night as I always read, although the curiosity element is in it, as the novel talks about a book read by its hero and changed his life and did not specify the object of this book. But in the last chapters I did not regret reading it. The writer&#39;s style liked me and the way he described the situation of the protagonist and his way of thinking and showing all the details of his life and listing all that he thought drew my attention to the accuracy of the novel taught me to think about every part of my life and every detail he had ordered and as in the novel many events and personalities that go through our lives may be related in some way and even If we knew the truth that binds things together, nothing will change except that we knew it and we are still waiting for the new life expected
A novel without events ... full of boring details ... a totally unpleasant reading. I do not recommend it.
If the dreams name was removed from the cover. When someone completed the first poem. ....... I saw a writer&#39;s eagerness to write and a teenager&#39;s eagerness to love
disappointing. The space. The reception staff and the service provided
Patients . Room cleanliness. Away from the Grand Mosque and reception is not cooperative, and some rooms do not have a coffee corner and there is no cleaning of rooms
I didn&#39;t really understand its significance
disappointing. Everything is excellent, calm and calm.
Dislike and different
His information is good, but it does not go beyond being pen heads and is not enough. Also, the general coordination of the book is bad .. I hoped it would be historically arranged.
Very weak. There is no. I did not like the employees ’treatment ... the value for the service is equal ... I got a situation and it was not dealt with seriously. It was that I was parking my car in the parking spaces under the hotel and another car blocked me and when addressing the reception as if it was an ordinary problem that I have a flight from the airport After an hour, exactly, and who raises the pressure, the increase after a half-hour hossa .. The key to one of the cars that prevailed with my car comes up with the worker ...
Weak . The turnout was very dre.
The tournament may be a force or a destiny, but it is not necessarily a choice. Many found themselves starring because they had no other choice; they had to turn into champions. On the other hand, they could turn into outcasts, and in both cases, it is not possible to sanctify the first and not to desecrate the second. Until now I have tried to understand that there is a brutal, sadistic and animal quantity in the view of any human being
Weak. The presence of a large car parking room in which there are two bathrooms and a kitchenette without tools, only a refrigerator and cups of Shahi breakfast is ok. The smell of the brushes and the internet is poor Login is too slow The reception does not respond to the call from the room You must go to it
The title of the novel takes your expectations in a different direction from what it is, in fact, the writer&#39;s handling of weak souls toward power was very superficial. Thursday&#39;s messages were long pauses and kingdoms were forcibly inserted into the novel. There was no narrative connection or any kind of plot between the story of Wael&#39;s love and longing, despite the large space that Thursday&#39;s messages took from the novel and the rest of the novel&#39;s events. I was in a hurry to read it in order to finish only from it, and it is not among the novels that add something to you after its completion, but as if you were searching for something in it, so the novel ends without finding it.
A very ordinary novel in its entirety, I was waiting for its paintings to be intertwined, but something that did not happen. Not at all courty, I expected the writer to rise to me as I rose with him at the exit door, but after completing it I was in the intensive care room, which I would have approved directly, but I retreated because of the low level of that novel. Better to be called stubbornness at the Brooklyn Bridge and not a hug The novel is strange Atwar to have a lot of stubbornness in their personal lives
disappointing. Add it. The conditioner is hot
It is a story more than a little novel that does not exceed a hundred pages.
The hotel is not clean. . There was nothing admirable and not five-star
The book is ok .. I liked some parts but in general I felt bored, so it took a long time to finish
Weak. A fairly good location for a family hotel. My reservation was two apartments and upon arrival I only received one apartment and the reservation was a pre-payment and they put us in one deluxe apartment until the second apartment was received on the second day we were six people with one small apartment it is very annoying and the reception is bad treatment there is an employee I expect a veiled English bad to deal with the Gulf when I refuse the subject And my demand for my second apartment or the return of the amount of the night calculated for the second apartment did not agree to the return and she said that if you do not like you can try to stay the whole stay and then my nerves erupted and asked the manager and when we saw angered by the anger the director returned the amount for one night and gave me free internet and Actually, the two apartments delivered to me on the second day, but at the checkout, they deducted the amount of dirhams on something, they showed papers, losses, and many things for deduction, even though I did not ask for something or damaged something, and the date of the plane was agreed, so I agreed to deduct the amount so that I would not be late for the plane. very bad
The idea of the book is beautiful for someone who cares a lot about poetry ... Ghazi starts with a house and then hangs it on the house or the poet or the position that happened to the writer with the house ...
Do not stay at this hotel. I did not like it. everything
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm is on the personal side, there is no need ... but it can add in a lower age group. I think I mean ... light .. very simple in style, which can make me appreciate what I can read while I am cracked. I liked the coincidence
Me and her sisters, a journey in the secrets of the self :. We should underline the word &quot;Journey.&quot; It is clear that this beginning of the journey was carrying a straight line and heading directly to the end point, which is the ego point. However, my sisters, I have entered this journey into mazes of subjectivity and indefinite. The doctor stops on this journey, at many stations, questioning the reader about the destination for which this book was riding. What soon the reader has to return again and again to read the title and the contents of the pages of the book in an attempt to find the link or the invisible thread that links them .. that the book demonstrates the angles of deep encyclopedic thought and gives experience a fortune in referring to a number of books and writers with fertile thought. I recommend reading the first chapters and browsing the rest
In the name of God ... Actually at times, the name and cover of the novel may deceive you, but it is not so important. This novel is supposed to speak of women in different time periods, from the era of the Mamluks to the era of a revolution. Frankly, I am very patient, but this is the first time in my life that I did not complete a book for the end, I really appreciate it. I was feeling, and I was reading that I expected the events and glory to God that I expected would happen:. I read the story of the Mamluk era. And the story of Anwar Sadat&#39;s era. The story of the Mamluk period is frankly wonderful and very beautiful .. Negi stayed at the second story or the story of Mashheed. The only sweet need in the novel is the name Mashheed, not like Balah. A novel that talks about the era of the late President Anwar Sadat and the Brotherhood. Of course, the woman’s freedom in the writer’s view is that she does not wear the veil, and the day she wore the headscarves, it was a black and manipulative day, and she attacked the veil by attacking ferociously, as if she went to a prostitute and her mother was upset and reprimanded. Watch what I wrote describing the moment when Mohashid decided to join the Brotherhood: I remember how I made the most difficult decision in my life. I became after Quayle&#39;s thinking ... bitter ... I became after I biased to my husband&#39;s decision ... and after my heart tilted and my mind ceased ... I decided ... to become ... a member of the Muslim Brotherhood ... no one forced her She joined and preferred two years, until the novel was concluded in the group. The husband of the heroine of the novel was Faris, her dreams, romance, and nostalgia, and ... And ... after joining the Brotherhood, of course, he changed every need and despite all this, and despite his treatment of rubbish, she never asked him for divorce except at the end of the novel after she discovered that As an indirect relationship with the assassination of the late President Anwar Sadat. Her attack on the idea of polygamy, as if the brothers were the ones who invented this idea. The writer says:. So the men permitted here the men of the group for themselves to marry three women and not only two. Dr. Doctor, our Lord is more permissible for a man, not by God or by God the Great, and he said, You will not be fair, but it is not forbidden, and God. Tani says about polygamy:. Polygamy has become an invisible obligation to introduce themselves into a new religion. I mean, from the other side, this is the second novel. It only talks about the Muslim Brotherhood and attacking them. Frankly, I was thinking that the writer would talk about the injustice suffered by women over the various ages and how she resisted in order to obtain her freedom. Doctor Al-Hurriya has no relationship to the headscarf or the microbe
Who should rule? How should he rule? These two syndromes link the whole book from beginning to end, and I think that the book is dominated by a very clear contradiction in the opinions of Carl Popper, the famous English philosopher, the book &quot;The Synopsis of the Century&quot; is a quick passage of the events of the last century. Somehow his people to come up with these visions. Much of Popper&#39;s life was devoted to Marxism and the dominance of socialism and democracy. Karl Popper says: Unfortunately, democracy means the rule of the people because every member of the people knows very well that he does not rule. The book establishes the idea of a state of the lower right and establishes the principle of nonviolence and this will be his first critique of Marxism as he criticized John Stuart Mill when he said: The only goal that allows people as individuals and groups to limit the freedom of one of them is freedom, it is a single goal in itself that legitimately allows the use of force. Popper criticizes this view and holds that: A principle I have not accepted under the following formula: Everyone is free to be happy or naughty as he likes. Provided that this does not put another person in danger, the state is responsible for the reality of citizens who are not aware .. faulting Popper is a very dangerous thing within this fruitful and enticing book by reading:. It tends to be very extremist tendencies that explain the extent of his affiliation with the political right, and we can hunt by reading the book more than one opinion trying to support Western democracy by saying that it is the best democracy in the world, his attack on the opposition media people who show the wrongs of governance by saying that this is a slander and that it changed It is true that they deny Western democracy because it is the best of democracies, and this clarifies the fundamentalism of Bubar, who cannot imagine the existence of another form of government that can broaden freedom on the largest scale of the people instead of Western democracy. All the opinions expressed in the last of the first study clarify Boubar’s right-wing Its tile Royal. The translator says in another margin p: It is clear that Popper forgets the mission of the world to become a liberal ideologist who is conservative to the core and even religiousness ... Summary:. Who should rule? A question in which philosophers and sages have fought throughout history and they have not concluded us with a definite conclusion. For example, he said:. Socrates: No one should rule. know yourself . And admit that you are extremely ignorant .. Plato: Philosophers are the ones who must rule because they are more aware, aware and aware .. Marx: The good proletarians who have class consciousness .. Hitler: The matter does not need to be studied, so the answer is simple when Hitler and I am clear. . Some theorists of ancient Athenian democracy: the legitimate prince through divine providence ... After a speedy passage of history, and the opinions that are mostly conflicting, I come to an opinion that does not provide any realistic solution, but rather adds to the original question another original question that we forget, who originally has the right to answer this question: Who should answer in the first place?
I suffered to finish the book. I read its first quarter twice this year and the last was that I ended it now. Although I agree with the ideas, there is a lot of repetition.
disappointing. Location only. Everything is below standard
I mean, I don’t know how to describe anxiety in this book .. I eat an original head of a page of Taq palate… so that I can be fair. Taq Hanak page and accepted page. A star and a text for the book, and made it two stars. Unfortunately, great ideas are succinct.
Beautiful, but I received a few pieces that I could not install, so I had to return it and waste my time
Bad experience. There is no. Parking is small and tired, entry and exit are difficult, breakfast is not good, location is bad, and difficult to enter the hotel is a hotel for groups that annoys residents in the neighboring rooms.
One of the worst books that I read. Not worth the time. Weak style language is not new. Misery and misery:
very bad . There is no. The air conditioner sound is very very annoying and hot
The room is spacious and the restaurant is excellent but far from the campus. The breakfast is great. The hotel does not overlook the campus
Pain is just an idea. Illness is just an idea. Sadness is just an idea. Life and death is just an idea. Everything about this land is just an idea
disappointing . Its proximity to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. Airconditions disrupt and offend staff
Very gloomy and his idea Titi Titi is like my Jetty
Why did I read this book originally? . Because I read I loved you too much and I wanted to know the other side of the story ... did you know it? . He was already known and all of his events are known ... The book was two stars, although the review that he wrote was much less than that, but if I evaluated the book from the cover and writing method and style from which I quoted phrases and phrases, let me think about issues in daily life and the way of narration, so two stars do not It&#39;s okay with them .. But as a general content, I used to read I loved you more than I should from another, the same style, events and style, but I presented it from the point of view of Aziz, and this is something I did not solve at all, especially after the success of the novel I loved you more than it should be to some extent. I felt that I lost my time reading the same book twice, neither more nor less .. As for the characters, dear society has all the sins and misdeeds of men, it is true that love is blind, but it is not strange that purification of Juman loves Aziz and his debauchery, even though love for the opposites is much better than similar ones But between Aziz and Juman Makansh, there is no need for them to unite them, nor for any reason other than the book. The relationship from the first is irrational. For my part, I sympathized with Aziz .. Does this mean that Jumana accepts forgiveness? If we speak with the heart of his lover, he remains under the conditions that she determines .. The bottom line is the blind person&#39;s eyes, and he who loves will create reasons to forgive her, and the relationship based on lack of understanding or compromises between the two parties is difficult to succeed =. Advice O Atheer, I am aware you write your books twice again
The novel is very depressing and sad
Very weak. . Everything in the hotel is bad
Very weak. . The delivery service from the hotel to the campus and vice versa is not available at all and the reception desk most of the time is staffless
Hiccups are not worth listing. Quick delivery of the room after matching the reservation number. Bedspreads are very poor, WiFi is poor, parking is difficult to get, sinks, bathrooms are poor, there is no phone inside and mobile
It presents a view of the Islamic state. It has many good ideas, and also many ideas that are out of date and not kept pace with contemporary life .. July
Buthaina comes to turn the world around, and the world is on the tongue of a falling night. :
Very weak. . The reception is poor and the reception is bad
disappointing. Its proximity to the Sacred Mosque. Positions with money ???? Room service is not responsive
Very weak. There are no services inside the resort. Services
I did not like the novel so much, it may be because I read it after I finished reading one of the books of the wonderful Dr. Ghazi Al-Qossabi, and the reason may be that it is an ordinary novel. Simple vocabulary of events is scarce in its characters ....... What the novel holds of beautiful content and a police idea we are not used to It was based on the Arabic novel. I have no intercession for it. I may be the reason. I read it with some expectations. Al-Gosaibi may be the reason ..... The novel is free of filling and costing, but its speed is fast .... I did not visit Al-Bathah, and I do not think I will visit it after this narration.
Not as I thought it was. The topic of necrophilia will make the reader visualize deeper worlds than what the writer has reached. Of course, I am not stabbing the author, but she can be more creative. The two stars deservedly deserve the striking novel style, which is impossible to boredom smoothly. Thank you Sherine Hanae, it was really fun two hours
Point of view . . The cleaning workers are annoying and I don’t think they hold the certificates of their hotel. The business center, its equipment, and printers need maintenance. Room service to answer the phone.
Bad service hotel. . The elevator crisis. The service is very bad. The calls must be repeated
A collection of articles by the author narrating memories and scenes contemporaneous with the writer. However, they appear to be extremely surface and are of little use. Most of them are just words that accumulated coincidence and rarer, but there is some meaning and meaning in them. The writer himself evaluated it by concluding the book by saying that it finds nothing to write or a reason to write, and it finally gave up. Which is what I give him completely until he has something of value to offer
Housing is sewer. . The room is like you are in a sewer
disappointing. The breakfast buffet is varied and delicious. My new car was scratched by workers&#39; bikes in the hotel&#39;s lower car parks, and no action was taken.
Psychological shock and severe remorse. The club and the pool. Deal, comfort and location for money and restaurant
Very normal. No, not good. Everything is a very ordinary hotel
I recommend it. Dislike thing ... reception treatment, poor Wi-Fi. The towels are not clean. Delayed receipt of rooms
Dr. Jalal Amin discusses the eternal problem in the East ... the problem of modernity and heritage ... Is modernity only related to the West? Is heritage a permanent synonym for underdevelopment? Why does a perpetual attack on heritage and its criticism become evidence of culture and enlightenment? In fact, I agree with the doctor on the idea that every country and people have its own characteristics .. And the enlightenment in the European way should not be an example that can be conveyed in the edges of the East, either it will all succeed or either it will all fail ... I completely agree with the doctor that modernity is a mixture Between what is good in modern civilization, which has become a Western civilization, and between what is good in our Arab-Islamic heritage ... I reject the narrow, fanatical Islamic view that we will only be the best if we return to the companions ’Islam and their lives ... and reject the fanatical European view that sees Civilization and Enlightenment in everything that is European, even in customs and traditions ... Both are wrong ... but I I felt that the doctor was remarkably prejudiced against European civilization in general and against the educated elite who demanded European modernity and here he made the same mistake that the two currents made, which is intolerance to his idea ... In the book as a whole, it is more like a group of newspaper articles and not an actual study .. Few of Information and much of the hadith sent
A book that carries a new and genius idea, but the author’s spoiled story because most of the developments that took place were left very quickly without leaving the field for development, all because of the need to move to the next chapter .. By the way: the chapter titles are short sentences that summarize the chapter’s content before you read it and in many times It spoils you with the pleasure of suspense .. I admit that I became more curious to read the story because of the low rating I got from some readers. I thought that the person who evaluated the story was badly evaluated, as he also evaluated it with religious, customary or societal motives, and not an impartial evaluation of social responsibility .. Once I got to the middle of the story, I knew what the events would lead to, but I was surprised that the events continued faster than I expected .. The author did not He dedicates one or two lines on the death of Dr. Abdel Rahim, but he devoted pages in Ayyad&#39;s sarcastic responses and his blazing temper with Hogan, especially with Jammari, who did not know how to put on makeup and is in Sawsan’s body, but she knows how to put it in Jumana’s body. Everyone deals with the jinn in the story as if they were human until their backs, their disappearance and their reincarnation, and their resemblance to human beings ... all this does not provoke the slightest interaction with those you address with them. The story contains good comedies, even if they are few. I laughed when I said I needed Iyad: How did you know that I arrived and called out and you did not see me? He said: It has become a quarter of an hour for me, and I have called and feared ten times, and this time I seized with me .. Conclusion: This story was designed to tickle the feelings of girls in romanticities and ignite feelings of jealousy from the heroine who was able to capture the heart of a genie that I love only just to see it. There are many inconsistencies in the story that I may write later. This story extracted confidence from me that the Arabs could write a novel that matched the English novels.
Others always have their muddy shoes on my soul page. Deep book. And one of the books that we have a return
One of the worst novels I read
A beautiful book, but two pills
I do not like the idea of writing a review of a book or a novel that has already written many criticisms, whether praise or vilification, but I have a desire to digest in talking about the novel and the phenomenon of Ahmed Murad as a successful commercial example, at least as a representative of the new book or literature that has become written recently with reservation I have to launch the word literature on how many books are published recently as literature or have been completed for literary schools, except that they were for schools of profit, reason, livelihood, and exaggerated propaganda. We start talking about the novel, and whoever does not read the novel can go beyond the second part of the review, because my comment may carry a hint that burns the events of the novel. I previously said that Ahmed Murad&#39;s writing style is cinematic and frankly. I hope to see his name on any cinematic or television works, and I do not see his name on a book again unless it is about cinema or photography. Ahmed Murad cinematic style brings in your mind a good number of films that feel that the novel is a synthesis of them, but there are sentences that came out of foreign films or series such as his use of one of Dr. House’s famous quotes that express that talking to God is a prayer, but the opposite makes you a psychopath, Some of these sentences may carry an unpleasant impact on the soul for religious reasons. Like Vertigo pushed a sunstroke film into my head, the blue elephant pushed my mind while reading a movie. . : //. . //. Once you read the movie summary, you will see the similarity between the movie and the novel. As for the narration style, the boredom leaked to me a lot in the first part of the novel, but the style is very cool for second-class films. As for language, it is shameful and forbidden to call me this language. Miki magazines language is better. I don’t know who praises or feels about the beauty of the language written in the novel. Did he read books before Ahmed Murad’s novels or not and there is no need to mention the use of the English language? In the middle or the smiling face that is usual for him, and I hope that I will not find anyone talking to me about modernity or realism and so on from this nonsense in order to defend the writer’s language for the sake of the proverb and not limitation, the headache has broken my head in two halves. It is clear that the author wants to use this language and method of expression, perhaps for a purpose in the soul of Jacob, or that his linguistic outcome is not enough. Some people talk about the effort exerted in the novel and without none, we remind you that Victor Hugo spent a year exiting his literary masterpiece represented by the miserable, so I will not comment. It is natural for a person to exert effort to get his work out on the level as I have learned well from my work and from life that too much effort does not mean success. The Blue Elephant is one of the kind of novels that you read once and your pleasure derives in the first place from the suspense and excitement contained in the novel, but I found the price that I paid in this novel. Or an average movie rating. There are also two points that caught my attention in the novel, which is that Ahmed Murad is subconsciously linking mental illnesses, touches, and jinn, to the last of all this nonsense, and this is a problem. In one of the documentary films that dealt with jinn and magic, one of the psychiatrists stated that all the patients who came to him over the course of Sunnis and their families think that it is a disease of the jinn, in fact, it is a disease, and when this novel turns into a movie and in a society like ours, you can imagine the result and its effect on the unconscious and the collective mind, the second point is to place a fairy tinge on scientific talk about the active substance in the drug and this One of the worst points that n I have them in our society, blending science with myth making high heels for a fairy tale. The novel may deserve another star, but I have a desire to rate it with one star. . We come to talk about new phenomena in the world of literature and publishing and take Ahmed Murad as an example. First of all, the exaggeration and the exaggerated propaganda is strongly exaggerated and that its fruits always and forever. The reader is a curious person by nature who wants to know about anything that everyone talks about. He wants to open the magic doors that will take him to the worlds of imagination as he thinks or as it is rumored. Descending on the market and achieved an evaluation exceeding one thousand, Ali Good Reds, and there is no need to mention the extent of intolerance in the dialogues that took place in the past days. Secondly, the secret of the synthesis or the dramatic plot with my reservation on the word plot, gender, politics, religion and extracting the worst that can be extracted from the layers of society. You put it in the mixer to produce a suitable book for you, although these are the usual taboos that literature deals with, but this point becomes a problem with its intersection in The third point is language and narration style. Almost all recent literature and publications that have fallen under my hand find a common factor, which is the disgusting language decline that may lead to vomiting in addition to sexual scenes, which I find often unjustified, and in order not to wear confusion I do not mind the presence of scenes Nationality in The novel, or a complete novel, revolves around sex, like praising the aunt, but my objection is that it is just a disgusting filling that can be dispensed with and for a ticket, here I am not talking about Ahmed Murad only, but about modern literature in general. Fourth, the exaggerated high prices. Throughout my life, the books that I bought at the lowest prices are the ones that have an enjoyable intellectual and literary weight compared to the books that I bought at high prices. One or even more suitable for books with weight so that low-income people can buy those books, if Naguib&#39;s literature has pocket editions, Tawfiq al-Hakim has popular editions of medium size, we ask do you want to spread culture and literature and love of reading or trade and exaggerated profit? The last point I want to talk about, which I will leave a comment on to you, is a simple comparison based on the Good Reds statistics. When I wrote it on Twitter, a good friend replied that we are living in a time of deformation. Ahmed Murad presented three novels that I will transcend and consider them literature and I will classify them as literature of adventure or suspense and excitement. For these three works. I sincerely apologize to everyone who will put his name in this comparison, which is not appropriate for him, but forcing your brother, not a hero, to understand the scale of the disaster that afflicts us. Naguib Mahfouz Can I provide a suitable definition for our Naguib Mahfouz? The number of his works evaluated is more than the average rating. . Tawfiq al-Hakim means to me the theater, what is the Arab theater without Tawfiq al-Hakim, I value him more than once, that is, Ahmad Murad got through the novels more than half of the evaluations that Tawfiq al-Hakim got with all that he provided, but he got more reviews than he did Tawfiq al-Hakim, the average evaluation of Tawfiq al-Hakim&#39;s works is. . Youssef Idris, the short story of these intense artistic icons, has an average number of reviews. . Nihad Sharif, the spiritual father of science fiction literature in the Arab world, did not complete an assessment. I am satisfied with these names, as they are flags that cover all directions of different literature, including novel, theater and short stories. I give you the freedom to think and comment on this comparison and its indications. I deeply apologize for the prolongation, but you can consider that this review has two words that were standing in the falsehood of one
In this book, Dr. Ali Al-Wardi analyzes the personality of the Iraqi individual in the light of civilizational and social development in Iraq, and in the light of modern sociology. In the end, he concludes with suggested methods to treat the problems of society and the individual in Iraq: First: Removing the veil from women as he put it. Second: Reducing the big difference between common language and classical language. Third: Securing playgrounds for children and guiding them to the importance of science and industry .. This thesis integrates with what was presented by the writer in his subsequent book, The Sultans Preacher, where he expanded more in the study of the religious and sectarian issue and their impact on the individual and society in the Arab world in general and in Iraq in particular.
The book, despite its fame, does not rise to that high level .. It was better to summarize its content to less than a page instead of a page because most of the speech is repeated to the point of boredom .. It sometimes makes you sad and pushes you to put the book away so that you do not be sad .. I do not understand why some writers and authors By exaggerating the number of pages of the book in showcasing their writing muscles ... they alienate readers instead of encouraging and beloving them to read .. and they may use passages from the book and compile it in another book for commercial or other purposes, God knows best with it. As with a book to be the happiest of people, it is part of a book that does not grieve for the same author ... I advise those who cannot buy the book or those who do not like long books ... to hear the lecture that summarizes the idea of the book and sings about it. Its duration is less than an hour and a half .. It is on YouTube .. May God reward the author for his honorable effort
disappointing. . The rooms are separated by doors, which causes a lot of inconvenience and discomfort
If you want to change your life, do not do it Maria way, the end does not justify the means. A disappointing novel
I never liked ... I felt very bored and did not read it again and do not recommend buying it or even reading it.
An exceptional novel ... Maqsalch&#39;s novel ... I advise people to read it ... this is to speak to his reputation about the novel ... but frankly, this is a big and strong statement on the novel itself, the idea of choosing the writer of time, place and people in the era of ignorance and worship Fetishes and then add to it a modern way of life that was not convincing at all, but it was necessary to serve the idea of the novel ... Also, using the seagull and the horizon to clarify the idea that the writer wants to present is a very very childish way ... the novel is working, but it is strange that people are exaggerated towards the novel
At first sight, I felt that the stories are not good, especially that I expected a lot because Taha Hussein was the one who wrote the introduction, but I returned to a fundamental point .. The group wrote a year, meaning that it is at the beginning of the founding era for writing in our Arab world. Some of the stories were straightforward, and the language was not smooth, but it was pretentious, but in the second half of the group, the writer dived into a beautiful and old world at the same time that may have attracted me because it is a strange world about me in which there are stories about old houses, their details, servants and neighborhoods. But the main feature is that the tales are not mature enough, but perhaps because Suhair al-Qalamawi at the time was twenty-four and it was her first literary work. But in my opinion, the group is OK
I did not enter through it to the Andalusian atmosphere, I felt that I was actually reading a writer from the modern era trying to write about Andalusia.
I only loved the first part and his haunting humanitarian reflections
Nasty and enough.
Weak. A crew needs to train more. There are many taxes for any tax service. Taxes must be canceled for the Emirati citizen
Very weak. . The location is comfortable and the place is narrow
Unfortunately, I regretted staying in it. Location. The lack of a buffet or a restaurant. Unfortunately, I did not like the story of taking a financial compensation to stand the parking and denounced this thing. I am fine with his right to two days.
If in less than one star I would have done it. Originally, there is no pure story because the stories of the heroes of the novel are the stories of the prophets. . The worst novel of her village in my life
His mistake will not be repeated. Location only. The administration is bad and unprofessional in the sense of a group of amateurs, and the apartments have a wedding hall, yes, the hall and sounds of music in the middle of the rooms, and the positions of entry and exit are difficult.
I will not hate her. The bed is good. The inconvenience of the hotel
Be careful. nothing. Accommodation The general cleanliness of the room and the brushes are rubbish in the sense of the word and the inconvenience of the hotel and other uncomfortable things ....
A smooth and light book that reads half an hour .. It is not the most beautiful that Al-Gosaibi wrote, but it contains his soul in his flanks.
Eat them before you dine
Frankly, the novel is mostly boring, but what prompted me to complete it are some beautiful and sometimes creative extracts that I was searching for between the boring lines of narration, when the writer was leaving himself to philosophy or to convey to his imagination the creativity shows either the narration and description was not at the level
What is this vulgarity? At the beginning, the novel was powerful, posing philosophical questions regarding death, eternity, and real human desires between the two terms ... but its end was very cliche. When he talked about the way humans deal with the issue of immortality, his treatment was a beautiful and strong philosophical approach.
Weak. . What I did not like is the reservations section, in particular Mr. Abdullah Ali, who did not respond to us and gave us wrong information on the first call. As for the last contacts after the lie was discovered, he did not answer them.
Our trip is good with the sanctity of the place but we hope for improvement. . Only the spirituality of the site&#39;s proximity to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque ... stronger supervision to improve services. Breakfast is plentiful and varied but greatly misses the good flavor. The furniture is old and worn out, as do bed linen and towels.
. Eater is good. Cleanliness and staff
disappointing. The apartment is large. Staff treat cleaners who are not doing their job honestly. The hotel site annoys the adjacent rooms
Very weak. Thanks for the deal.
disappointing. The furniture is good and the location is close to the Corniche. The morning receptionist treated you so bad that you never thought about living in it again
The whole book is com and yakhtai, which is guided in the whole book. Com again: In some confessions, I laughed loudly. A very light book ... quickly concludes and improves mood
A very ordinary novel that does not rise to the level of its popularity and spread among readers, and the reason for that fame may be due to a novel with this shallowness due to the fame of the writer himself Yusef Zidan and the fame of his wonderful novel Azazel .. I think what happened is that the great admiration of a novel by a particular writer makes you look for writings and narrations Others for the same writer and this is what happened to me personally after I read Azazel and Arab theology and the origins of religious violence and consider them among the most wonderful things I have read ...
Bored of years. I tried a lot to reconcile with her, but there was no help
A failed film is a naive movie that makes you feel that the conditions of the country are beautiful without problems such as unemployment, poverty, disease, ignorance, corruption ... etc. All of our concerns are football fanaticism only, just as the level of technical performance of homosexuals was weak, especially Izzat Abu Auf and Hala Fakhir and exaggerated exaggeration from Salah Abdullah let alone the level The bad guys in the movie are now, the level of Ahmed Azmy was acceptable, just as the movie helps intolerance and does not fight against him. For example, the fanatic movie song, Hoda and Rikko, as well as intolerance events increased after the movie. The best example of this is the events of Algeria and Port Said, the film is trivial and not worth seeing, as its cinematic revenues were weak There were no events or a seductive scenario for the poor viewer, as the movie showed the players as if they were non-fanatic angels, and this is contrary to reality, as Hossam Hassan, Shikabla and Ibrahim Saeed did in the games, meaning that the fans should not be held responsible alone without the players, the media, and most naive scenes when Nermin Maher asked in the movie Hassan&#39;s daughter Shehata Al-Saket, her trainer, is it our duty to protect Al-Ahly from attacking them, as we have become two warring peoples and no consolation for cinema?
And as usual, Sadeq is an impressive story and a regular story or more than normal, a little, but it is not up to the level of Taha al-Gharib and Hebta, but it works. Denied that he succeeded because he plays in my brain a little and I started thinking about reasons for life, but on the last page I felt that the idea was provoked on the other and sensed that it remained an exaggerated need. More than something, I liked the end scene, when Hassan decided to throw himself in the sea, and I liked the idea of the end being almost open, even though it is expected, but it is beautiful:. The only need that I can feel satisfied with is that this narration does not mean that this is not fooled, and it does not mean one that the narration that came is sweet and has no solution.
Weak. The price in Albuquerque is much better than the hotel price. There are no services
I was very impressed with the story and the significance of this novel but what prevented it from being a great novel is the silliness of some additions which made taking it seriously seriously impossible. Good novel but sad that some additions have weakened its value. It could have been much better
I don&#39;t really have to complete the need for my heart
Excellent hotel. Excellent hotel. nothing
The barbecue has brought the restaurant wonderful, but its prices are expensive compared to the second restaurants..and it has a second problem..that is the service they have..and their way is that every guard has a row of tables..and he received an empty one telling him to come take the request says the second bell club .. then can wait a quarter of an hour To take the order ..
I finished it in one day, as usual, with Dr.&#39;s novels. Khawla Hamdi. Where is the escape .. In the back cover, the writer mentioned that this was her first novelist, she started in the seventeen years, and revised it after her thoughts matured and assimilated to life ... I got to know Dr. Khawla in her masterpiece in my heart is a Hebrew female, then the weirdness of jasmine, and finally where is the escape. Despite my great admiration for her clean style, lush imagination, exciting suspense, and the strange link between events and the tremendous development in writing style..but there is a note that I should mention ... Repetition .. The three accounts are similar in some points and tend to take one character Distinguished by those who read all the works of Dr. Khawla ...:. The protagonists of the three novels. Jasmine, Laila, Nada and Rima. The events between France and Tunisia always revolve around a Hebrew female added to Lebanon, and the weirdness of jasmine. As for the novel, Where is the Flee, I could not locate Laila&#39;s home? . Alienation: they all live with the new family, Layla, Yasmine, Rima, Nada. . Health problems Leyla, Yasmine, Nada and the three suffered health problems due to the accumulation of events. . Commitment All personalities are religiously committed to Laila, Yasmine, Rima, or later, Manal, wife of Yassin, Nada, cousin Jacob, and Umm Nada. . Relatives of the heroine were similar in terms of emancipation and non-adherence to religion, Hanan, the liberated sister of Leila and the liberated brothers of Yasmin. The heroine is always desired by two or more young men: Ahmed, Hassan, Nada, Omar, Haitham, Yasmine, Omar, Firas, Mamoun, and Laila. . Laila hated Fras and Yasmeen hatred Haitham and her family engaged to them without her knowledge in the two versions. I am fully aware of the goal of Dr. Khawla to show the beautiful image of Islam, and to present an interesting and modern work that respects the Islamic religion at the same time .. But I am afraid that you will fall into the trap of repetition for this .. I hope that you read my loving criticism and take it into consideration
The first chapters can be judged as a novel or part of a biography ... Then the papers contain separate articles, diaries. Notes .. Surprisingness and plot die together. I was disappointed
Good, but not the best among Ahmed Mourad&#39;s novels. Boring details .. Words and subtle details that did not add to the novel except obscenity and the decline of moral literature .. Written literature also carries with it individual reflections, behaviors and ethics. Diamonds and soil are the best for me
Very weak. . Parking is real, the service is very poor, the furniture is very old, there is no room service, there is no restaurant
One of the worst books that I read Tarra is that it is written in a very slang colloquial language .. The defect is not defective, it is very very philosophical and the finances of dialogues and problems are never compatible with his language .. The important thing is that I concluded it with the age of lemon and cleared it immediately so that I would not ask myself the Emirate as bad as trying to read it once Others .. Oh my honey, I got rid of you this time
A book of blood is heavy for me, and it almost won me the honor of the first book I can not complete, but I frankly belittled that the author of this book would have this honor.
I would not recommend staying in this hotel for bad. nothing. Reception staff, location, cleanliness, air conditioning, and in addition to that I went to it and found it closed building only, reservation via reservation allowed ...
Two and a quarter stars:. A very short set of shortcuts. I liked the plot in some lines
It does not deserve stars and I see two stars. I liked the speed of the procedures, the large number of elevators and their ease, good staff cooperation, and transportation to and from the campus is always available. Firstly, the hotel’s location is far from all services. Even if a person wants to say something or something like that, he must travel long distances and by car also from the campus and get tired of reaching the campus, as the bus stops away from the campus, which compels you to walk a lot to reach the campus .. Secondly, the level of cleanliness in the rooms is very bad Where the pots are not clean and the floors are also third, and the most important floor is not furnished, which is a ceramic, which caused us health problems because of its coldness and the inability to walk barefoot. Fourthly, the TV is not better because it is a first time repetition of the Saudi channel, and there are no useful sports or entertainment channels in short. Fifthly, very basic .. Breakfast after praise be to God is bad and there is no diversity in the categories like other hotels that decrease by the number of stars where breakfast is very normal also there is no privacy and respect for families where the responsible staff are very bad and they do not have the religious and moral sense of the need to respect the presence of families in separate places Sixthly, the hotel, unfortunately, does not rise to the level of stars, so how is it classified as a very strange star?
Failed, abused, and used item
Very weak. A hotel not worth living in. everything
disappointing. Nothing, but my children and I regretted living in it .. The rooms and hall need floor mats with carpets, the air-conditioner for two common rooms means that if I work or play the air conditioning of the main room this will be for the next room as well, the apartments are uncomfortable and look bad even though I booked in the most luxurious apartment they have, they took Real tax on the amount in Bucking, the distance to the Mall of the Emirates, there is empty land, then a two-way railway, and then the Mall of the Emirates parking. Because I booked it for two nights, wouldn&#39;t I repeat the experience and I would never recommend it, and God is behind the intention
We will not stay again. Not far from the campus. Not at the level of stars, the rooms are not cleaned unless asked of them, and when the room is cleaned, it is not done as required, especially the bathrooms, the cleaning agent only changes the towels, the bathroom, the sink, the place of the shower, and the dirt in the place of the shower is not cleared and is not cleared, so we ask those in charge of the work, especially The hotel manager has to notify the worker, so he will not frequent check-in at the hotel
A sad book, perhaps because it seemed very realistic, to be a prisoner of your mind, hallucinations and small details as reality mixes with imagination and the dead people return to you and leave you on their whims .. very painful. The writer is never afraid to describe the bold or alien scenes, and I think it is impossible for this in human nature, but it was annoying and inappropriate for me, even though it is few. It reminded me of the story of Alzheimer&#39;s Ghazi Al-Qossabi with my preference for the latter because the details in it were describing the feelings accompanying the situation and not the minutes of the things that you return to and go through as in this book. More than once the speaker was lost from me and I do not know what is intended except at the end of the page and this may be because of the translation, even though the translation in its entirety is excellent, for example, the style is beautiful and I am not surprised except for a sentence such as sometimes that appears as a literal translation and is repeated a lot
You don&#39;t deserve all that noise. Updated when posted
Very weak. . Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
disappointing. Central building and furniture are good. Staff is not good, cleanliness is not good
She did not fly only once and did not fly at all, but hovered on the ground around herself .............
Saudi . the value.
I never liked this book. The reason is that I thought Hitler would write about the story of his life, but most of what he was talking about was his repeated thoughts
In fact, I hesitated a lot, and I was standing, buying the book on money, which would be paid, especially because of the rural scenes that reduced the material of the book. And also because of the wide choices and trade-offs between him and the books such as the mystery of the temple and the complete poetic works of Farouk Juwaida. I stood up and said to myself, well, I am completing the money of the book, and I will answer any one of the other two, and finally I settled for me until I said to myself. . In fact, it is between the romanticism of girls that glorifies the book, its excessive poetry, and its genius writing subconsciously. And between the reality of the young people who see it is a trivial and simple book that does not pertain to literature and does not deserve to be printed and downloaded in a book. And I thought, by opening the book, that he would be HIV .. and I substituted for our Lord in the money that drove, but I first began to know the story of random love, how it happened between her and what is now assumed to be her husband, and I told him, no. With the deep gap experienced by the temporary society between the dreams of girls and the reality of young people. Traditional marriage is in deep trouble. Among the girls who stands for every mistake, she says Ayza divorced just because she took her husband without love. And Sarah, who says very simply, I also did not know in my brain that I love him, or there is talk and understanding between us before the permissibility. The girl is advancing, in light of the complete absence of the female literature, which is trying scientifically or literally to analyze the situation, put it intellectually and treat it realistically, she says to you that she is not an angel, but he loves her for her faults. And he is not an angel, but she loves him for his understanding of it. The girl is trying to provide you with simple practical solutions for an acceptable, if not fairy, married life. The girl says her husband is a fan, hopeless frustrated. You say her husband understands, so the others will realize. You say her nuts are fine, I don&#39;t want to hurt her or make her angry, but the hardened people will be soft. You say I don&#39;t like to cook ... but I stood up and learned to cook because of my nutty. My mother-in-law says my hatred was not, I mean, like the rest of the girls who hated their mother-in-law to God in order and tried to attract her to me. You say nervous and jealous .. But I started to benefit from the stories that kept moving in front of me, and I killed myself a little bit. I mean, she means to say to newly married girls. . She says she had reproductive problems and had every possible problem that would meet any future girl on the passport. But the difference between her and her happiness with her permissibility and any other girl standing at the problem and not satisfied with moving. She was not proud and did not glorify the problem, and surpassed her and peace. I think that it is two stars in the Godrids tradition that means that the book was acceptable until a female novel is published with a female pen that raises some problems of marriage and suggests solutions. And I think that even if you exit from the book with a great literary value, you will come out of it with a slight psychological happiness, if you will
Unexpected. The location and proximity to the women entrance. The furniture and hygiene are not worthy of, nor is the text of a star. The whole amount is because of its proximity to the entrance of women.
The furniture is very old and needs to be changed. Location There are car parks under the apartment building. The furniture is very old and needs to be changed. Some apartments are window air-conditioners and annoying.
Not suitable for families. . The furniture in the hotel is not good. The kitchen does not have a cooker that is not suitable for the housing of families due to the presence of acts of scratching modesty.
In articles worthy of five stars, and in articles worthy of a star ... In some strange words ... But sweet articles in it ... Sweet Keteer
disappointing. Its location is excellent and the employee at the reception treated her guests very well. Cleanliness Compared to the decorations The decorations are beautiful, but the cleanliness is lower than the level.
Not review. I want to celebrate, so I concluded this book. I voted for him two months and a half, and from her hour while he was stuck. And all my eyes fall on him, I cool it cold and I say to myself: two dimensions. If I did not have a suppressed desire that I look at my salary, it is far from him, but yesterday, and with all courage, I caught him ...
disappointing. I liked the transfer service from the hotel to the bus stops. The room service is very poor, and the room is very C type, as there are no electricity works, and there is no proper lighting for the room and the cupboards are dirty.
Very beautiful book especially for teenagers. However, there was no need except in the matter of nationalization of the factories that worked with an Egyptian personal effort. And the most delicious thing is that I am as long as I read and imagine Al-Osaili&#39;s voice and style, and he says the words with his voice in my heart:
disappointing. Penthouse restaurant. Narrowing of rooms. The rooms shown on the boking are the opposite of reality. Disturbing neighbors. No buffer between rooms.
In love, life, jealousy, and impulsion ... a novel left by a woman with a strange soul, thought, character, and behavior ... you may think of her as a psychopath, and she narrates her daily diaries in emotional conditions ... but you soon discover that we are all another face of her .. but she learned from Past mistakes. Who learns?
I wanted to read it because of all this propaganda, but it became boring throughout her reading the novel rich in statement, but the story is meager and what the reader entered the romantic story in the Algerian war? Entering and exiting sub-stories, I suspect, was a filling of the novel without success:
One of the worst hotel stays. Breakfast only. The air conditioning is very bad and the hygiene is bad
disappointing. Cleaning was not decorated because there were ants.
Apartments need maintenance and organization. Al-Mawqif, an alternate director of Shami whose name is not attended by Deluxe Apartments. The pool does not have a shadow that repeatedly knocks the door. The administration needs a change. You cannot pay through the American Express. The Internet is very weak, very bad.
I was shocked by the hotel. Breakfast and views in the breakfast and reception area. The rooms are dirty, old and smell the place, the price and the lack of adherence to the pre-booking in Bucking, as I booked a king-size bed and surprises by giving me two single beds and also without looking though I opted for the view. Unfortunately, unfortunately, an experience that I will repeat
very bad . nothing. Location, there are no parking spaces in front of the hotel, far from shopping places. The taste of eating is not good. The price of food is poor
Prayer being the change of the world and individual and social behavior, as it bridges the gap between thought and behavior. The idea is great, but I felt a lot of boredom during my reading of it, he repeated the words a lot and wrote sentences that he did not need to write, he could shorten the pages from to or.
. Are you supposed to read it to the end? I do not think so. So, let us suffice with this past of nonsense and look for something else better
It is hard to believe the novel, and it is difficult for you to link its events, and the most difficult is that you love it
In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. A whole book created around ideas that are closer to nonsense. I really regret that the readers ’reviews of this book cheer for him as if he opened my mind and the more correct I have it is a rash. The silly ripoff ... What does it mean to say to God&#39;s thieves? Can God be stolen? .... Well this is metaphor ... Tell me, by God, what is the meaning of human being ????. Have you read to the man saying: Religious and devotional faith adore God? / Fiqh, philosophy and theology of the lies of Islamic civilization / Man is religion and not God / Monotheism is a theoretical lie in Islam / We judge God himself with conscience ...... What if your conscience is sick? . Did the man get confused? As if I did Nietzsche speak with an unruly Arabic tongue ... consider its implications: Nietzsche, Kerkjord, Dostoyevsky .... Then he declares the meaning of Islamic existentialism as religion and religion. Solve the mystery, then .... Abdul-Razzaq Al-Jubran from the imitation, the bearer of Fuld&#39;s slit, a monster who he called Islamic existentialism. And what he has to conciliate with such a philosophy is only to repeat that life is a crisis of existence and words like: conscience .... a very beautiful philosophy with Nietzsche in his masterpiece, this is how Zoroaster spoke .. but here is a rotten intellectual corpse .. very sorry .... these pages overlook me That some call a book.
It is a sweet book, but the truth is that what I like in the vernacular is final. I like it:. Others have respected your pain, so I despise you easier, ignorant of his ignorance of you and your offender. Retire them. And lastly are pretty things you don&#39;t buy. I liked the cover, and at the end I did not enjoy it at the moment while reading the book because Lanu is great
Unfortunately substandard. Noise at bedtime due to discotheque .. was booked into the hotel by. They gave me a handicapped room number and then I was transferred to a larger room but they did not clean it. It was found dirty in the toilet and the soap was used and there was a sticky wound with blood thrown on the table SF the first time I came to the hotel and I took a disappointing impression.
She reads a novel on the basis that it is a novel that talks about psychology, and then she was shocked by the end. I, everything, was mad at first. I thought that everything was due to me. I am sick in this novel, as someone who entered a story and left empty-handed, and until the end of the novel was so amazed that I thought that the book did not know how to finish the events of a novel so he chose this traditional ending
One of the worst novels I have read in my life
The start was a bit boring for me. But with the pages, I began to merge with it ... And finally, Galilee and my revolution did not recover from the Palestinian issue
Very weak. . The pictures never match reality
The sweetest need in the whole book The cover contributed to creating a real image of the beautiful Tuya character. Another point that is calculated for Al-Ashmawy is that it is a destiny that brings me a sense of the characters.
I did not like it, perhaps if these words had remained scattered and had not been collected in one book, it would have been more beautiful. Excerpts from her read. It is not more beautiful than to love a female. It is not more beautiful than that your love has a life. Anyone who wants to be named in his life should join a female and watch her terraces .. and pray. She loves dancing a lot .... but unfortunately .... she dances more at her wounds .... Her life is three sides ... questioning, wondering, and silence. . She cares about the addresses a lot .... and she is still without ... a title. If it had come in the Newton era, the law of gravity would have been spoiled by it. . It is too late ... late, I discover Einstein&#39;s relativity ... and it is late to draw the Mona Lisa in her absence ... If it had not been late, he would not have found others ... the love. I love her more than she should .. and less than she deserves .. her pulse ... a window we do not wish what is behind it .... You who live in my blood ... anywhere ... you are not in it .... . In my dream, I embraced your grandfather ... I ran away behind you. Our hearts drowned in clouds ... contained the warmth of your eighth sky
The medical pillow on the market has not been done in any relationship, neither in size nor in quality, and it will result in the image of the palm that does not affect the pillow, and this does not happen because it is a very ordinary sponge.
For the first time after reading novels of Dr. Ayman’s origin, I like a story that has my question for Dr. Ayman. Why is all this death in your novels, Dr. Ayman ?? . Away from the story of the novel and its events, many questions are stuck in my mind. I did not find an answer to it. Many positions in the novel stood with her amazed and stunned by the horror of the positions. Many things I felt that I was alienated from the situation, my mind and my heart could not accept her like ... He accepts the priest’s entry into it for ... As the novel stated, is it reasonable for a father to reach this stage to agree and accept the idea that his daughter would receive physical and psychological torture in this way, regardless of the rest of the methods of torture that the mind absorbs as a reaction to the position of Batoul, but this position has not been able to rationally Its absorption alienated and felt disgust and excuse the word for this Stop. The second position is that the priest himself should enter the girl, so that this woman can harm her with a thousand questions. ?????? The next situation was when the chaplain told her that he would forgive his sin by buying an instrument of forgiveness. What is all of this, my God, what is this ??? I stood in respect of all of your novels written by a doctor before this and the most common one is a narration from the jinn that I used to pass on every sentence and artistic image more than th times in my reading of the genius of the writer .... As for this novel I never accepted it and excuse us so our doctor, but I took a lot of my thinking And I am thinking and wondering whether these things can happen with the priest and such outrageous acts such as these are never acceptable in a church. The method of torture by placing skewers in the stomach of the virgin has occurred, so I know that, and the method of SM Batul has spoken a lot, but the questions that I mentioned on her have many inquiries. .... My questions remain in my head and wait for the discussion
Weak. Acceptable. price
The apple and the skull ... a smooth novel ... Its style is close to the heart ... it has many social models. And differences and try to agree. It tells the sinking of a boat in the middle of the sea and meeting strangers on an island that can be called enchanted, or at least the time when it is enchanted .... they are men and one woman, and all the differences stem from this point. Strange character and stranger people .... trying to get out ... failure then failure then failure followed by success. Delicious is the story
A new feature in the book is the same as that found in the fall of masks from theories of economic development. The addition is only for the events of the war in Iraq
A wonderful novel, Dreams, as we have always entrusted with her distinctive style ... I have only read to her only the chaos of the senses and many quotes resemble the style of her novel This is a narration of the chaos of the senses ... I was creative in selecting words and accurate description, especially for the feelings of Halle despite the simple events of the novel, but its content is the rule that Describes the emotional fluctuations ... I see in this novel an opportunity to teach humans, especially girls, to be life-only and to learn to dance on the ashes in every sporting spirit and to define the truth of love represented by being fleeting despite the momentous flame of happiness ... even if it appears in Here is some pessimism: ... of the most beautiful of what I have read. The man who did not give her anything and taught her everything forgot to teach her the most important lesson: sincerity for life only. One day she found wisdom that convinced her in astonishment that seemed to her while she was reading it that she had stolen his last secrets as if he were the one who wrote them.
The writer is well-informed, and the references and quotations he mentioned in the book have benefited me very much, but unfortunately the writer, as mentioned in his book, does not know what he wants, so the book is full of contradictory ideas completely. Once he praises the gift and once he complains about the obligations of the gifts. Once praising technology, once spelled bitter satire. Once calls for diligence and dedication to work, and once calls for action to the extent sufficient to preserve life. Distracted, contradictory and repetitive
Ahmed Helmy, an actor who is not a writer: /
As usual Haruki leaves the door open to the end:
A novel adapted from the Metaphysics series, in which I did not find a new idea. There are some boring paragraphs, the idea that monsters are fighting each other was strange and illogical. The literary style needs to be developed, so there is some repetition and lack of success in choosing the conversational sentences. Drawing the main characters was unfortunate, so I did not sympathize or be touched by any character who feels all superficial. The final battle was very fast. Summing up the novel is entertaining, but the writer needs to develop a style and search for new ideas
disappointing. There is no.
Does not fit . I never liked it. The hotel is moldy. The smallness of the room cannot pray from the smallness of the room. The water in the bathroom is very weak. A smell in the bathrooms is very expensive and never works.
I expected a lot from this book and then I was disappointed .. And after years have passed since I read it, I can say, that the right is with me .. Among the criteria for a good book for me is that I can remember its content or some of it after years of reading it, and it remains different to me A good impression, not temporary? This book no longer reminds a letter of its content, and my first impression that I am deceived is still valid .. The book is a great title but it is only a personal opinion of its owner I cannot say that I find it genius or new or it carries a new idea.
A little bit laughed at the first .. The pain begins gradually .. We give a little in the other pure. Peace be upon you, peace be upon you.
My motivation for reading this book at the time when it was too late is to make sure the phrases attributed to Gaddafi in this book are correct, and I did not find any of them. The only chapter that included phrases that call for laughter was sometimes the chapter that talks about women. In this book, he offers a critique of the prevailing tools of democracy, which he called traditionalism, where he sees that this democracy is a deflection and it is the dictatorship itself, and most of these criticisms are realistic and represent new currents in the liberal circles themselves in the West, but it offers criticism with terrible solutions that are the closest ideal without touching on The details of its application, which if he touched upon, would discover the impossibility of its application, this is with regard to the political pillar, but as for the economic pillar it was very superficial and naive too .. This book appears as a justification for the failure of Gaddafi to recognize democracy, so it seems that our writer found that the pure dictatorship Express courage more than pseudo-democracy
The novel, I felt it divided by two novels, really, the first part is a drama novel, and the second part is the events of the revolution, which I feel is not necessary for the novel, because the novel was originally, but it is only an account of the revolution from the point of view of the writer only. I was reading a novel by the writer despite the separation, and frankly, I was amazed by it and affected my life and my personality as a great measure. Separation
A novel that depicts the woman is a very weak being. Every corner of the novel was a sense of boredom and more than a provocation that disparaged the woman in that all her interest in love and permissibility is only a pinnacle of injustice and negativity.
Arm the chocolate. My God. I don’t know why I dreamed of dreams of this book in order to forget or to think about it a lot? .. I thought it was a novel but it was a text that the expert Ahlam Mostaghanemi presented to forget. One of these is to arm yourself with chocolate. And to claim it from dawn in order to be rewarded for your bad deeds at the beginning of your day. Learning to hate it, not to forget it, and hatred does not help you in anything, will exacerbate the problem and you will think a lot about it. I saw him a racist book. As for forgetting, all you have to do, my friend, is to get rid of the void, all the femininity problems that come with him
I like sincere love. Many answers are incomplete and not convincing .. And I, as a normal Muslim, can I say it or say better than it? Where is this book left and should be useful to me? In answers, she was moving away from the topic, and please cutter. Words that will not be useful for something .. I asked her questions that she needed for me .. There was no clear word in his answer, that is necessary and it was incomplete, too. ..Whatever I have benefited from very simple needs ..
There was misleading information about her village from one that the travel of the pharaohs is an integral part of the killing of Fakhr al-Din and the intensive care room and Abu Omar al-Masri. This is not true. The novel is the least of Izz al-Din Shukri&#39;s novels. It can be the first work. I liked the idea of spreading mold and its spread as an environmental catastrophe in Turkey, about the corruption that is beset with the official institutions in Egypt, but the work is in my opinion incoherent
disappointing. Dealing with employees, general style of villas, presence of a swimming pool, and coffee shop, providing simple hospitality, toilet cleanliness, availability of parking ,. Away from the services, there is no restaurant, there are no entertainment places for children except for the pool, bed linens and blankets and pillows are not clean and have stains, the internet is very poor and weak,
A beautiful book that discusses boredom, its causes and the strange ways of people to get rid of it and talks about literature and novels plays that discuss boredom and feel like you are with a friend talking to you about stories, events and opinions on various matters
Wonderful and beautiful hotel, beautiful and excellent experience. Close to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque, free parking, excellent restaurant, clean and tidy rooms. The delay in registering the reservation. When I arrived at the hotel, my reservation from Bukking to me told me that you do not register yet. I had to wait until the reservation was made.
Only one star on the writer&#39;s ability and smoothness in writing, but the novel is very bad literary and rhetoric we describe it colloquially then in English there is no goal nor a beautiful and exciting plot except for two Saudi expatriates who want to be full of love and did not obey ... even she did not show the Saudis with a beautiful appearance but rather offended them a lot .. It is sufficient for you to write what you have written and do not classify your narration under any category except by female writers
Silly book. I say it with a clear conscience because of the amount of underestimating the reader&#39;s mind on the one hand, and on the other hand, the exaggerated exaggerations in order to draw attention. But the worst thing was the misinformation .. And had it not been for me to know it, I could confirm the validity of the rest of the aforementioned polemics. But what happened was the opposite
Very weak. Unfortunately, I did not like anything. Many problems happened to me: We waited for the room to equip for an hour equivalent of bed linen and pillows with yellow stains very very nasty very very very conditioner it was ruined and was repaired and worked well but with a disturbing voice I could not sleep the shampoo in the bathroom expired months ago The open sea buffet on Sunday: There was only fish and some salads and appetizers, and there was no, as mentioned, all kinds of sea food, and even the lunar was not present, unfortunately, and the picture was lobster and there was not .. and many
Of course, I expected from these two writers a stronger and more beautiful work, but it came very fabricated, and although the idea of each story is a new and beautiful color, the storyline seemed to be contrived only to contain the color, which made it mostly heavy in blood. Red: not ugly, but it is usual, and does not offer a dazzling element / yellow: Frankly, what he wrote must go into the sea over provocation / green: beautiful and I liked / blue: it is the undisputed best and I liked it very much / Indigo: it looked good but a silly end on me Two stages absurdity / violet did not leave: my sense that it was developed to complement the book without taste and no fun at all. So the two stars are blue and green
What is all this depression and frustration. Every age has its joy and advantages. We have to keep our negative feelings to ourselves. Thank God that the number of pages of the book does not exceed. Otherwise you would have torn it. This one star because I like some phrases
From the worst of my trips. The location is close to the airport. The room cleaning is bad and the coffee is poorly treated
Actually, I do not like the so-called literature of resistance, but at the same time I like style. Ghassan, and when Ghassan Kanafani writes a story that is not from the literature of the resistance, I will be grateful, but this story was less than expected because it is like a story and very ordinary events, the atmosphere of investigation and trial we find does not differ from any such act, so the part of the crime and trial was boring, the core idea In the story it is called the other thing, but what is meant by the other thing? Mrs. Layla Al Hayek was killed and the friend of the family was accused of the lawyer, Saleh, who killed her, and under his feeling of tampering, the lawyer decided the eternal silence in order to take matters as planned, in prison, Saleh lived inside himself analyzing what happened and trying to answer the big question. Who killed Layla Al-Hayek? Saleh answered this question in the first pages of the novel. My silence was a thundering announcement of something else in our life that we always lived in isolation from, and so, suddenly, the most powerful thing in our life ... Who killed Leila Al-Hayek then? I answer you simply: Another thing is who killed Laila Al Hayek, something that the law did not know and does not want to know, something that exists in us, in you, in me, in her husband, and in everything that has surrounded us all since our birth. From this passage I expected that the idea of this other thing will take a large part of the story, because if it involves a philosophical idea, it needs a lot of time to prepare and explain to it, but here was frustration, the idea of the other thing was mentioned several times in the novel, but not in the form That makes it a clear or complete idea ... I became content that the one who arranged the whole story is something greater than the logical sequence of accidents, and that the only hero in it is a force that the law cannot believe in its existence unless it came to prove the invalidity of something that happened and not when it itself is behind Something is happening. These conclusions and my new values proved this, because my disconnection from people and the daily life in which we lived and lived people made the ordinary meanings that we know about life slowly retreat and melt before the growth of new values. Who are we, gentlemen, and what do we do? What do we want? Why are we? Questions we always ask while we are alive and in the midst of loud noise, but they are questions that fall into the midst of today&#39;s movement and the endless turnover of all our days, and there is no escape from facing them to the depths when a person is completely alone with them. But what was this thing he mentioned in the previous two clips? If we want an easy answer to this question, we will simply say that it is fate, fate is the strongest thing in our lives, fate is the most intuitive to explain this other thing, but if Ghassan Qadr intended it, then where is the creative idea in this novel, the novel will turn into a cliched ambiguity or at the very least Ambiguity lacks intelligence, but Ghassan mentioned on the lips of the hero that this thing is not the judiciary, and Saleh went on to explain in his isolation his concepts from life, these concepts extracted from his experiences and relationships, and the thing that interests them in these concepts or was the common denominator between them is the presence of chance, then chance or Coincidence is the other thing ... and it came to Sa He described the scene as being in control of the so-called coincidence deity. Well, gentlemen, the other thing is that he is the god of coincidence, and here Saleh stopped in the explanation, or in a more correct sense, Ghassan Kanafani stopped explaining this idea, and the rest of the novel was a regular account of the events of the trial ... The narrator in the story is Saleh who chose silence, meaning that his narration is all From a monologue within itself, this monologue occurs in the subconscious region, and in this region events appear on the face of logic to be inconsistent. So it is very logical to say that the answer to the question of who killed Laila Al-Hayek? He is the god of serendipity. But what is the significance of all this ?? ... it&#39;s pointless. ...........
Dirty, which did not rise to the level of humanity, but animals are superior to him, a mercenary, the agent of Western sabotage and the agent of Zionism, unfortunately, are still alive
I say to those who want to read about secularism, this is not an appropriate book, because the book is not the opposite of its title, it does not talk about secularism in its entirety, but rather it is mostly articles about Faraj Fouda in Al-Ahram and his responses about who responds to it, and for reading about secularism I advise others headed by George Tarabishi. .. This book alerted me to an idea by presenting the problems of religious political extremism in Egypt, and the problems of secularism there that there really can be an intellectual peculiarity to the application of secularism in every country, and as Tarabishi says Britain’s secularism is completely different from the secularism of France according to the needs and conditions of each country, Also this book explained to me that there is a walk To oppose the Egyptian secularism does not exist in Libya, do we need endoscopy for secular private Libyan us, stemming from our privacy structural? . Generally speaking about secularism was only a few pages in this book, but the rest is sharp responses to Faraj Fouda, about some articles, issues and flags of his time from political Islam who deserved his anger with their reactionary ideas .. The right man his pen was a categorical known as wiping Melih .. It is no wonder that they Unfortunately, they assassinated him.
The story is beautiful, and its idea is a science fiction, so I specialize in computer science. I sat thinking about how possible this system works. But the language and the use of aesthetic methods in the novel were weak and it was possible to paint a creative descriptive board better than that
Bad parking treatment. There are buses for the sacred month of Ramadan only, but after the coming of the soul the bus says that you missed less riyals and finished it from the campus, according to the drivers, so try to know the dates and before that, you will be on the byb. Availability of positions but they did not enter you under the pretext of a cleaning car, or I intended water, or who knows where the key is for all employees. Lack of hygiene in the floors and there are cockroaches. Whoever wipes the corridor of the hotel wipes the rooms with it, I mean it is more dirty and black than dirt. Of course, the Internet, God willing, there is no basis, and of course, it is the most important thing that is through the hotel directly. He has a special treatment and who is a barrier through Bukjink In it and took waste because of Parking places in Gar.maa images of the positions of the hotel and the car as per customer and sit two days and pay.
Very weak. . Janitorial and services
disappointing. . Not all room amenities were available, shower did not work, no water or hot water in the room, breakfast was very poor
This novel is a compilation that can be converted into a pornographic movie easily and is guaranteed to achieve very high returns. The idea made clear that Egyptians abroad were subjected to moral changes and that the values that we brought up with them fade away with the disappearance of societal censorship. There was no reason for the regret and vulgarity found in the novel. Unless the writer turns to him, it is the religious scruples that protect a person from deviation in Western societies, and not the moral scruples, as the second disappears with the demise of societal oversight .... while the first remains to keep evoking the divine
This book, written by Hitler while he is in prison, is considered a general summary of the thinking of this man, who is considered one of the biggest war criminals in modern history. Other
Here Darwish asks poetry, sets up barriers to rhetoric, and breaks the canned phrase in a stylistic rebellion of meaning and image in the context of a breakthrough of commonly accepted, repetitive, and boring concepts. These are the original poetry questions from the bed and the electricity bill to the Sumerian palm tree to New York to the Rose of Jericho .. We are running after the poet who is racing against time and trying the impossible
Very weak. nothing. It is inconceivable that the reservation amount be booked for a month
Accommodation is not suitable for family entertainment. nothing. There are two bathrooms in the villa only one bathroom and the water is weak and cut every minute the villa is old and the furniture is very old and dusty villa is far from the facilities and services and there are no gardens around the villas other than random trees
I will not go back to this bad hotel again. Hotel location only. The reception will be delayed in the entry and exit procedures, random in the registration of the user from the miniature with the smell of rooms and corridors, unpleasant towels are old and torn, in short, it is unfair to be on this site
A really exhausting novel, its events are mixed and its chronology is so intertwined that you are forced to re-read the paragraph twice to be able to accurately determine the events ... Due to the naivety of its use, the frequent mixing of names and their intertwining with events has lost this narration of its luster ... beautiful but tiring.
A hotel that does not deserve five stars, and its star is enough for it. nothing. Reception C there is no parking employee, receptionist C. Not meeting my request in the room King bed Two beds were provided Twins annoyed staff at reception upon departure where they call more than once even with the time of check-out time is one o&#39;clock and the hour they call the breakfast is bad I do not recommend staying with it
There is no . No. Reception and hygiene
Although the novel is thin and soft expressions even in the most difficult and difficult situations, I throughout my reading have been wondering how this is called love ?? .... Love is built only on a bridge of honesty, trust and a sense of security, not doubt and jealousy. Love means respect, understanding and sharing ... to believe the covenant and keep the promise. How does Jumana describe her beloved Abdul Aziz as a metadata, yet she wants his love and fears his separation .. How do you stick to it and still wonder, do I love her one day? . No, my dear .. Do not forgive .. If you want to forgive, let it be for yourself that has humiliated its dignity and its power has diminished in front of Abdul Aziz Al-Sadi&#39;s love. She said .. I loved you more than I should, but sorry .. I loved him as he should not and he did not like her as she deserves ...
disappointing. . There are no sufficient parking spaces and very expensive for other apartments
A useful book that caught my attention in many meanings did not occur to me in mind .. But this repetition and excessive detail made me bored and mean meaning
Is it sufficient to have a sweet language and a good style to write a story? I do not think so .. Here the writer owns all the ingredients of writing except the most important element which is the subject of Over the course of most stories, I ask myself what does this mean ... where is the story ... and the bad thing is the amputated ends once I merge into the stories until I am surprised at the end. The group contains ten stories ranging between length and short, or rather, eight short stories that do not exceed three pages and two relatively long stories. I was not impressed by the group except. The great story, Younes, in the whale’s bowels. A special story that reminded me of a story of adventures in the depths of the seas. The hero of the story prepared, took a deep breath and wore a diving suit. In one of the malls inside the children&#39;s play pavilion, the journey began to discover the depths and colorful fish beside him, the jellyfish were dancing ... Almost everything was discovered, but he forgot how to get out. Of metal suit equipped with oxygen system.
A book that talks about Sufism from a purely research perspective without referring to sponsorship, self, and insider .. Its style does not make you interact with Sufism more than you know the history of Sufism and Sufism methods and their origins ... Historical information is somewhat superficial but useful to those who want Sufism somewhat for those who want to know the Sufi methods And its historical background .. A book that lists Sufism and does not speak of Sufism.
Delirium from a stressful mind:
The veil is not a shroud for women. The veil is a woman’s identity ... The amount of objections in the book about the veil made him boring and trivial in many ways. Very contradictory ...
If misfortune has an address, it is the hotel of the hospitality, and I hope to delete it immediately from the Poking. Nothing short. / Non-cooperation by the officials of the hospitality group, who use the method of evasive and deceiving and lying with the residents. The hotel smells foul. The furniture is old and dirty / the hotel location is very bad
Weak. nothing. The location is very crowded. The rooms and bathrooms are filthy. No non-smoking rooms. Breakfast is average flat. Paid value is much more than the service provided.
disappointing. Cleanliness, everything is beautiful. The price is more expensive than in the world like Dubai
So normal . The location of the hotel. The cleanliness of the room is an unpleasant smell in the room. The long wait when the support is made. The reservation was two rooms next to each other. Upon arrival, I was surprised that each room was far away from some of the hotel. It deserved stars or less.
Be careful Boudl Shatti is new. Near the Corniche. Boudl Al-Corniche is very expensive and a dilapidated old building, as it is next to Boudl Al-Shatti Al-Jadid.
Amazing what the years do with a person. Seven years have passed since I read the introduction to this book and began the journey to search for the full version of it. When I read his introduction I felt that I would read the best book in the world because of the style of suspense, but after I read it I feel that the book is far About that, this book can be used in remedial lessons for school students, as it will be specific to them, but for me it is a book that I had a halo of sacredness for a long time until I was disappointed when I read it, perhaps these years were the reason why the mistake was from me and not from the book. This book has not returned to me, or perhaps it was not mine from the beginning for a number of reasons: Let&#39;s start with the purpose of the book, as it is interested in explaining some theories of mathematics to students who do not like it, in terms of explanation, what is mentioned in the book is one of the essentials that a student interested in studying computers like me many times, after my studies for many of the mathematics courses at the university level and also some courses based on mathematics such as The principles of databases based on the theory of groups and digital devices based on the dual system of numbers and operations on it, this makes most writers not very useful to me. As for the desire to love mathematics, I am not one who hated mathematics beginning with the succession of years, so I loved it, so my reading of the book will not increase or decrease my love for it, but it helped me not to be bored of the presented material .. Another reason that affected my negative judgment on the book is his style, the writer relies on the question style The answer flavored wit, years ago, this method would have liked me, but now I no longer like this method because it contains simplicity and dispersal in many times, which affects the amount of interest that comes out of the topic .. Finally, the title of the translated book contributes greatly to misleading readers, so it is appropriate If the title remains as it is It is ah from mathematics because the purpose of the book is not to present mathematics in the image that the title suggests, it is appropriate for the title to remain as the original author because he is interested in attracting students to understand some of the mathematics theories only .. the book was in my list of the most important hundred books I will read, not anymore
Ok .... it is shorter life and books more than I waste time, effort and nerves with the novel ZD. I’m sorry, myself, I offered you to experiment with ZD for the first time, but I don’t park a book and say I’m going to try it with two dimensions or complete it for the other and pay it to his owner because he is a fan of ... No hand. You are not charged in any way for the bidders or the writer&#39;s ultras, even if there is one of them. The novel is bad, plot, language and plot, and it is a bad mixture of television and cinematic works, such as stray light and curiosity, and a glimpse of the world of Raya and Sakina Al-Majin. She is unable to imagine how much violence his village started with, one of six being struck by the sons of her late husband, the one who almost patted one of them and was good with them .... a scene in which unjustified violence toward the woman was also struck by her son and stripped at their hands as well as the son. On a rainy and cold day, and she is on a march of days from her father’s house, while she and her son want to walk in a strange blasting of the idea of honor and motherhood, and I compared her irrational stance to my position, and I think I’m dreaming of my children in the cold. The mother’s illogical goal was to incite revenge. We have violence against the six and her son left ... Violence in the child’s scene The project of Al-Battagi Hafiz while he is beating after what was he who strikes another and is beating them because of the beating of his father in full view of him ... So what remained of him was beaten and humiliated, and his son was beaten, and according to the writer, he would bite into his two legs. We have, of course, the word &quot;once&quot;, who said: &quot;The dead mother&quot; became the mother of the mother who dies, even though her youngest son was subjected to the same circumstances that caused her to die. However, he nevertheless despite the very weak children &#39;s immunity, and knows how any father and mother. The mother’s saying that she will not forgive her son who has years, except if he takes her dates and feels aloe vera. Elar Bacon How. We were struck by a pimp, and then recovered his rotting corpse and bad scenes recovered by the soul. The most annoying thing is stretching and lengthening to the point that I tried turning two pages together with some ordinary walking ... as for the exaggerated arrogant language did not sing about females instead of being slapped or his father and once a woman and as for the expressions I have to speak to them with examples, we have expressions like: Come, put your disappointment on my disappointment, Ismail, Dakrori. He asked their riyals from their mouths. Or about the decomposing corpse: his eyes were almost as boiled as two boiled eggs whose maturity was not complete, it is forbidden for you to hate me in the eggs and I was bringing my breakfast, my husband and my children boiled eggs. Sorry if I was disgusted, but I am disgusted, and I had another, very sincerely enough, enough for her, and I will tell her pure two dimensions. Update: I met her for a while in the kitchen drawer that the maid was using to save the worker&#39;s clothes on my behalf, and although I offered some of my books for exchange, there was no high level of harm.
Although it was written that it was a risk that I did not feel, but I had hope to read a good poetic attempt. But I do not know the words are not effective or tainted depth. I hope this time to be better
The author is a living example of sexual repression
Terrible hotel, bad by all sizes, from rude, impolite staff and morals to dark rooms, dark corridors, fried skylight for carriers, ragged sheets, torn pillows, rubbish, and garbage bags at the doors of the rooms for several days due to the lack of cleanliness at the hotel and an unfortunate safe deposit not recommended
A mistake will not be repeated. Bad, I never liked it. There are no taxis and it is hard to get even close to the hotel and there is a strong inconvenience in the hotel and the rooms are poor clean
Its storms scattered me ... and strewed me with pulling strings in the sand ... and with half a fractious wing, it made me fly. Sadness is the only disease that cannot be cured, but it penetrates into memory and deepens in the conscience to turn into a pusid focus that grieves and sorrows whenever the memory crossed or the face of the beloved even from behind the clouds. . And the smell of cruelty lingering in the place ... crept into deep inside ... What is the most difficult of her silent speech, which cannot paradoxically within it ... What is harder to have what you say and cannot. What is the language of crying and grief infection? Is it not enough for us in our life ... to bring him this massive amount of injustice? Fences of sadness and carefree and no hope outlet ?? . All kinds of torment in one piece. The language is luxurious ... especially in the last part with the grief measure escalating. But .... whoever fears for himself the pain of infection does not read it
Literary evaluation from. But he said in general, how does the writer make one of the men shaken of faith and says some skeptical sayings and is only interested in seeing his wife and son. God Almighty said: We are short of you. They tell them the truth. They are young men, they believe in their Lord, and give them guidance. This appears to me, and my glasses are shiny and clean contradiction, as Marnoush did not appear to me to be a believer in the way that the verse clarifies .. And the idea of the presence of three men in the cave and at the same time does not know their number of people but a few, but after searching for minutes in the interpretation I found a saying to Ibn Abbas: I From that little and then mentioned them seven. They will say three fourth of their dog, and they say five, their sixth of their dog will be stoned by the unseen and say seven and their eighth is their dog.
A large group of elements were absent ... the plot was weak and was not more than a mere exploration of weakly interconnected and weakly influencing personalities ... the personalities themselves were simple and did not witness any events related to events except in the weakest possible form ... the writer completely failed to strike a balance between the two societies When trying to explore Philippine society, it remained in the framework of simple tourism information about the countries in which the hero spent his early stages of intellectual life, and in return he was more analytical and discussed more in the stages related to Kuwait, which is contrary to the logic of personal life ... many of the discussions and ideas presented by the writer to criticize the community The Kuwaiti was primarily foreign to the text and not related to its subject, but linked to characters who entered and raised a case and then exited without being affected or influenced, but merely an attempt to present bold ideas ... I do not think that the bamboo leg deserves Booker ..
A novel that answers depression
It is a flow in the course of the direct current that the West directs as a question and strongly to the Arab states in particular and the Islamic countries in general. The question of identity and being. The novel is simple and straightforward, and the plot takes a strange curve at the end of the story because the writer insists that it be a happy ending. Perhaps if this idea had not controlled your mind, it would have been more beautiful
They have shawarma with bones do not miss Ha ha ha
disappointing. . The staff are treated poorly .. and the room services are not helpful
Very bad smell. I did not like anything. everything
Perhaps I pondered over this series of books too much.
I think that what helps the young people read because I have his village and saw its topics
Can we say this is a sexual novel that is impossible. It is a respectable literary work, never ... porn. A very rough text. The text of the book talks about sexual relations, out words ... obscene movements ... a detailed description of the needs of a slander, meaning necessary. Coming down from the ladder while she spreads the laundry ... every time she has any crisis ... the first two chapters, which of their relationship to the novel was originally possible to summarize the page
Too bad and his staff treat him worse. . Not clean, the staff are bad, the place is uncomfortable and the room is old
Frankly, much less than my expectations
Because the book, whose name is forbidden to laugh, automatically stays laughing at the length of its reading. A nice comic book changes the heartbreak of the painful reality we live
Very provocative, what I was able to complete ... It was just a curiosity that led me to Anis Mansour, and this was my first book. Why, unfortunately, we will never be friends.
Every now and then I try to read some fashion novels, especially traded among young people, my choice fell this time on black befitting you due to the pervasiveness in the hands of young people in. The university, especially the girls .. The beginning of the novel was somewhat stimulating, but as soon as it penetrated into it, it became a bout of disgust and disgusting .. The novel is about a love story metaphorically transmitted love between a rich fifty-year-old man and a singer girl at the end of the twenties. The man wants to control the woman and rob her feelings and the girl, just as the writer wants to delude us. She wants to preserve her dignity, until this brutal story ends with their separation .. Technically, there is no plot, no meaning, no style, nor sorrow, mere mutilation and manipulation of words. In addition to the cramming that no falsely needed latatin, and the introduction of what it calls terrorism without any need for details of the story .. After reading the novel, I increased my belief in the mafia of the novel that shines what does not deserve to be placed in the garbage bucket
A novel that raises several issues at the same time, perhaps many goals did not give the writer time to interest in building the novel. At the end of the book, you know, is it a long story? Is it a novel? Is it an intellectual book? . The language in which the novel was written is simple and modern language ... but I came out with an assertion of the meaning that established me that life is really a sad thing. Some of the simulations influenced the Western character, while others succeeded by the author, but I wonder what is right? And next to whom? . But I think that when Saleh chooses to stay away, he does the right thing
Weak. Parking. Cleanliness
Very weak. . The hotel never rises to the first five stars. I did not receive a family. Of course, there is nothing less, so welcome to the second guests in a way that is not tactful. There are no rooms for the afternoon, and I will certainly have rooms that concluded a pilgrim. I reached the lowest word of the Egyptian stadium. The question number, with all its insolence, is overdue, because I am in charge, because you never came to give me a room. The sound of the second bathroom of Safwan. I have to call the reception for help.
Bad experience in this hotel. Cleanliness only. Late check-in for the hour, note from our presence from the hour, the lack of parking, the lack of free internet, even though it is a star hotel. Adaptation is very bad, knowing that we asked to fix it more than once. Breakfast is very modest and lack of variety and it is not appropriate for a star hotel
I could not complete the novel ... I got to a page and then I could not. I have read all of Dr. Ayman Al-Atoom&#39;s novels and I was so excited to read. This novel has gone to the Amman International Exhibition, especially to buy it. But the novel disappointed me greatly. The things that made me stop reading it that made me hate it: . The lack of clarity of the novel and the big randomness in the sequence of events and the transition between the various characters of the novel. . It contains many descriptions that made me revolting and disdainful of the novel. If you reach a page, you will understand why. It seems that I will stop completing I have read it yet and maybe I will complete and maybe I will not complete the novel. This novel is not mine and does not correspond to my own taste, but you may like others. This is the second novel that the doctor writes out of the fabric of his imagination, and I never liked it. And it seems like it&#39;s the last novel I will read to him
Shocked by bad hotel Boudl. . everything
At the beginning of my reading of the novel, and I feel that the words of spinning and love are vulgar and unbelievable, the only thing that I was thinking about and I read this novel is that its hero does not know love and that it distorts the thought of love itself, its hero loves himself and loves his desires only, I see that he surrendered early Very, he writes remorse and sorrow to satisfy his conscience and convince himself that he is not a bad person but circumstances .. He clearly lies to himself .. He deserves that end .. And the sadness he lives in his hand is to remove him from his heart or not remove him. I was only saddened by the hero in one place, when he lost his father, I felt here that the feelings that are being written are really true ... Unfortunately, this is not a novel I recommend ... Only one quote: Those consuming words that everyone uses on an occasion, whether happy or sad, we feel that it is new and not written before when it comes from the lover only ...
A couple from Oman. Ethics of the Marketing Director. The small toilets treated the service workers unsatisfactory and crowded in the elevator
Aww. There is nothing impressive. Entire
As for the style, it is neither boring, nor boring, with the attractive, creative and attractive, but it is flawed as much as it is in the vernacular language, so that it was long, even for pages, and there is no enjoyment or creativity. I see that many of the door numbers did not have any reason, because if we had deleted it and completed the novel without it, it would have been lost, the doors do not bring us to a new scene or another event, but they continue in the same manner and the same way the previous scene without a new one, so it was better to remove them completely. As for the story, it lacks persuasive knots and interrelated and interrelated events that create excitement and suspense and are concentrated almost all in one scene or two scenes, but it addresses an important problem of society, which is bribery and perhaps this is the best of the novel
Very weak. The exterior shape is only for a hotel. Bad luggage
Very bad . . The services are very poor in terms of reception staff. Any request we ask for cleaning the rooms from additional sheets from open rooms on some. There is no interaction with the envelopes. The buffet is not suitable.
The reception is tired. . The Egyptian reception is poor
An interesting book, flawed with the use of extraneous words, it would have been better if the writer had excluded it. I expected the book to be better, so I would just be satisfied with two stars
It is a story about betrayal and ungratefulness only .. The hero did not convince me that he was poor because his blindness to seeing the blessings he enjoyed did not intercede for him nor did his oppression prevent him for his wife and son to stop moving in the path of self-lamentation .. betrayal is impossible to make a path to happiness or satisfaction .. spirituality Nadia is the one who caught my eye just deservingly ... I didn&#39;t like it
Good novel, her ideas are somewhat ordinary. She does not carry a lot of suspense .. Perhaps because she is only a diary. I went and came and ate and drank. You didn&#39;t underestimate much. Frankly, I regret buying it: It didn&#39;t give me much
Very weak. . Everything is not well decorated and the service is very bad for the inmates
Very bad . I did not like something. The faults are many, adaptive, sterile, cool down for a while, and warm up for a while. There are no shoes for the bathroom. God bless you. Eating in room requests is bad. I do not recommend it. There is no unknown breakfast.
disappointing. The hostess of nature and nature. Generous hospitality
not good . nothing. Service and entry time compliance
Weak. . Disturbed maintenance during sleep and lack of hygiene, and no coffee towels with room service were available in the room.
Sexual scenes, jammed and no wonder
disappointing. Parking. The rooms are large
Repent book it. There is nothing in it, I just liked the site. The cleanliness among the furniture is old and comfortable
I had left police novels a few days ago. Adham Sabry:. I brought this narration to try. I have some drawbacks to the novel:. The language drafting needs to be reviewed and I was amazed by the writer, who used a team from a group of countries and did not use a good reviewer to review the novel linguistically. Detailed pornography novel Why is it crammed into the novel? The novel does not need it at all, if it were not, it would have been much better. The first part of the novel feels something is wrong, the second part is much better than it
Very bad . The furniture is good, I only need to wash, the beach is clean and beautiful, and I will never return again. The children&#39;s pool is small and when men are desirable, if it is large and a place far from men, but it is family and the facilities of the residents are special, not the facilities of visitors so that it is not crowded. There is no security at the beach. I saw scenes that violate Islam. And dirt
Is bad. . My reservation via booking was a king bed room. It would come when I arrived. I was surprised that the receptionist was telling me that there was only two beds and I had to take it because it was too late and I noticed that they didn’t care to book a reservation
I took his life, praise be to God. The location is ok. The bed is not good and the room is narrow
An unrepeatable experience. . Lack of interest in the customer. / Discontinuation of televisions and refrigerators for a full day and compensated me for extended hours. / If required, you have to call several times and wait for hours to complete. / The hotel&#39;s potential is good but very poorly used by the staff. / I had to wait for my family in the reception until the check-in time was done with the arrival time of the hotel. / All negative notes that are written in the bookings, unfortunately, I saw it with my eyes on the ground.
Very weak, but I enjoyed a little love of stories or pounds and text has:. But nice to get you out of mood, shit and crowd:
Many have one star. . They treat them inmates badly, and they manipulate you in your reservation in terms of the view, so you pay more.
I sensed Sheikh al-Shaarawi a little away from the subject of the book in some chapters Or he was speaking at the heart of the matter, but the idea was Mosellich: /. Bookish book:
A very disappointing stay I recently returned from Hajar Tower in Makkah. It was my worst hotel stay ever. The hotel is neither stars nor even stars. The staff, including management, is not well trained. They lack professionalism. I do not recommend it
I am confused for the first time about how I felt, if I had chosen ten pages from any part of the book, I would have found it wonderful beyond description, but beautiful details are not necessarily beautiful .. yes the narration is good and we can say that it is excellent, yes writing its style is smooth and smooth, yes events are given their right and I narrated its deadlines Without hurry and do not slow down, but the problem in the similarity of events. Of course, there can be no renewed and different events within a prison, and in the same way he did not give the novel he threw it and then killed it. If Yusuf suffices to list the most important events and we quickly passed through the life of Abu Bilal, whose true name we do not know until today, the novel would be a hundred good pages that could Complete it with its third part, Noor. But he insisted on making it a narration of her condition, so he resorted to stuffing her with recurring events that harmed her many times as much.
Summary of self-development books .. his drawings, coloring and even classification methods took the nature of magazines more than a book .. suitable for those who are not used to reading and for others it will be a useful companion in waiting times
I don&#39;t like books / .., but it&#39;s generally useful for anyone who wants to quote them to others.
The amount of badness in verbal words and description is limitless ,,, really nauseous
Good but not worth. kind of good. The service is far from and the restaurant meals are not diverse, lack of attention to the guest in terms of providing needs such as water. Low hygiene and the presence of sewage odor in the bathroom is disturbing.
This novel is really bad .. It is not just a low-level literary work .. There is nothing worse than that too much .. An evil thing is capable of afflicting you with amazing frustration .. It is not weak and fragile and the method is as if you are reading a cheap translation of a foreign novel .. But the frustration is that the novel This is a publisher that publishes it and prints five editions, and it finds people that we read seriously in a strange time. Of course, I will not waste my time writing Riviu hard about this nonsense ... enough time that I wasted on reading it, and I am ready that what his village is is a hoax, and the novel will start with a little
In my view, other novels are more beautiful and deserving of the Poker Award
If you have constipation, the best treatment for you is Kentucky
The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Bad service for his language. Brushes are not clean, furniture is not suitable for a star hotel, and wearing parking at daily fees is real. The price is more expensive than many neighboring hotels, and the best in terms of cleanliness and treatment.
All with a heart, the name of the book will be old. So I decided to read it and started it, I liked the beginning. But when she completed his senses, it was a very repetitive new mafiosh. You can not complete it for the other:
It does not deserve its financial value. . The furniture is very c, uncomfortable and very traditional. The value is never worthy of the site, it is worth the night, you can live in one of the five-star resorts or hotels that do not deserve five-star category, and users who have bookings must have priority reservation and are distinguished by the transaction.
So normal. It carries some ridiculous cliche styles. New graphics, kindness sketches. The most interesting part is the relationships part. Other than that, repeated words in a different style and its color promised at the beginning of the book not to repeat, but at night people let them eat.
I saw this book in the end of the university years upon the nomination of a friend ... And this was the first book in my life to start reading it and not complete it from the disgust and embarrassment that I sensed while reading it. Al-Aswany may be trying to convey a specific idea of the changes that may occur to a closed or conservative person when he comes out of the closed environment in which he lived to a more open environment, showing him how his principles and ideas are nothing but fragile principles imposed by his community .. but in any case The communication of the idea does not require such a number of words, explanations, and details that have been kept in my mind that it is not only to complete the context of the novel, but it has another goal, despite the fact that Al-Aswany&#39;s fame he acquired from his novel, The Architecture of Yaqoubian that preceded Chicago was enough to guarantee his spread and success. The novel without the need for these words and scenes. This increase in the level of freedom in writing may have been intended. But if the enjoyment of the idea and style of Al-Aswani will be in exchange for exposure to these words and embarrassment, then I am in complete need of it. Obscenity was not at all a thing but its affection, and no shame in something was never but adultery
I do not know if it was the last story I read, and the rest of the conversation does not exist. But the truth is, I don&#39;t like it. And if you value it for me, you will not give it to one of
I felt this picture was more suitable for the cover. Sleeping beauties a perverted version of the Sleeping Beauty tale. A wonderful version of prostitution to suit elderly old people. A narration from a page that runs slowly, spins, and rotates around the same point. Do not stop describing girls, their way of sleep, their shapes, and the thoughts of the perverted old man crouching next to their bodies. The idea is not new to me. I saw a movie showing the same idea from the point of view of the girl who is sleeping and sleeping. The film had at least a goal or meaning because it was describing the miserable life that the girl had performed for this work. But in this account the old man tries to delude us that he is the victim. For a second, I did not feel sympathy for him. But what I don’t understand is the narration of this novel because I found it less than usual. And there is repetition and boredom ... and there is a calm close to the cold, like death. I do not remember who advised me to read this novel, but I definitely remembered it. I&#39;ll hit him
A clear-cut book of its title, in which the author talks about Dagestan, his country. He did not neglect the hadith, or the conversation was prolonged. I did not like that detailing everything, yet they did not even bring me a step closer to what he wanted to convey to readers. I do not like to drop the cost between the writer and the reader, because I have nothing to do with his doubts and fears about the poor writing of it, for example .. Mahmoud effort, for each.
There was no content for the novel, not even a link between its events. There are many pages that were not mentioned. I did not find anything to arouse interest in it and. In my opinion, the novel does not deserve the ink spilled on it
Too bad I would not recommend it. I did not like anything. Treatment of the reception is extremely limited in literature, especially Indian and Filipino, and eating is bad. When we asked outside the restaurant, the receptionist told us that it is forbidden, knowing that in the past it was not forbidden. Honesty is a very bad hotel
The towels and bathrobes were very old and the pillows were very poor. The room size is excellent. Towels and pillows for breakfast
Housing loss. The bedroom only. The inconvenience of the doors from the air did not take into account the comfort of the tenant and they painted the doors, which caused an unpleasant smell
Too bad and not worthy of a star. . There is no isolation in the rooms and the inconvenience of the street. Continue to the role of the phone. What is returned is the restaurant and the rest. You need to try with them from an hour to an hour and a half in order to find a response from the reception or room service. He knocks on the door to ask you when he will come out of the room and make an exit
My assessment of the book is only for the creativity of the writer .. As for what the book holds between its folds by talking about an epic and in some detail about what happened in it .. It is a talk that they do not like me often .. I do not prefer reading about wars .. I know that it only awaits me from disasters and devastation that we are still witnessing And we see it: the history of wars, with their destruction, disasters and calamities, is still being repeated and unchanged. .
The vernacular is so pitiful. Some stories are just stuffing. The last verses in the book are weak
disappointing. . Adaptation, the room is hot, the room is dark, the curtain is not covered
Seriously the worst story of her village before Very weak. His pretense style. And his simile is weak, crammed into the story in a strange way. His life style is not suitable for our society. I sincerely read foreign novels, there is no misfortune for drugs and disgust. And the plot is a psychological disease with a jinn with works that I do not see. If it was a mental illness and an honorable intelligence that represented that he was ill, she would have been much sweeter. Seriously, I don’t know how people say she is tougouh. They copy some, but frankly, or they are still new readers, and no one knows. I will not try to read Ahmed Murad Tani
My worst trip. Very very bad hygiene, there is a very bad smell, eating bad and the hotel service is more than low, there is no taxi and no good place to eat. Too bad from cleanliness, there is a very bad smell, food is bad and hotel service is more than low. There is no taxi and no good place to eat.
Whoever wants to understand will understand. There is neither a book nor a thousand theories, nor a rationing advice that will enlighten the path of those who do not want to understand. ..
disappointing. . The first room had a bad wind and changed it. The rooms overlooking the main street are very annoying, difficult to sleep with cars.
If I get the chance, I will live in Mövenpick again. . We were not entered at the appointed time, we entered the suite at the time and we went down to a wedding anniversary, but unfortunately the hotel lied to us that it would prepare the cake but they did not prohibit it and put me in embarrassment
Weak. . The first time I see a hotel about one meter away, parking is not recommended
Very weak. nothing. Everything bad does not deserve stars ,, hotel managed by thieves skilled Egyptian receptionist is very bad I advise not to live in it from the other Hotel junk
Weak. Nothing like it, especially the beds are very poor and not a star hotel. everything
The level of service is very bad. Grand Mosque in Mecca. Lack of good coordination between the bokings and the hotel. There is no credibility. This is my last dealings with the bokings. I previously filed a complaint with you on the toll-free phone. Customer service did not contact me negligently.
Too bad .. Face Lucifer and Raised was childish. Crowley was required in the events
I find only one idea that generalizes and repetitions it boring..a few are useful and most are just stuffing
Unfortunately, I did not like it so much that I could not complete it
Very bad . . The cleanliness and inconvenience of the hotel staff and the receptionist
Bad bad bad. nothing. It is dirty and cannot be inhabited for an hour
The worst hotel experience ever. The location of the hotel is good due to its proximity to Al-Bawadi Mall and the interior decoration is good with the availability of space in the rooms which gives comfort to the individual. I noticed the arrival time of the reception that the Egyptian receptionist dealt with each rudeness and unprofessionalism with three tribal clients in a manner that does not enjoy respect or professionalism, in addition to his deliberate ignorance of what called me to deal with another employee of the Filipino nationality in order to avoid me to deal with such a category. In addition to my request for coffee from room service, I was shocked by the employee’s bad response and for closing the line before me even though I did not finish the rest of my request. In the event of coffee arriving, I noticed that the presentation worker also does not have the tact, professionalism and literature that makes this hotel closer to the street style and does not indicate that it is a hotel Respected as a counterpart Hotel Ayla within the city of Al Ain. Not to mention the receptionist of the Indian nationality, upon departure, arguing that there was no deliberate cash exchange for illegally obtaining a tip and not being indifferent to my observation of the brazen room service staffs approach to dealing.
A bad experience . I did not like anything. After him, the women’s prayer room, the cleaning workers ’shortening of cleaning, the lack of frequent parking spaces, especially if the meeting rooms are busy. After him, the services for restaurants and markets near the island complex. The text of the kilo of the restaurant was not up to the prestigious level when booking. Information in the form of symbols, and this is what happened with me
The book is short nuggets and separate phrases. . The genius of the book was that it summarized all the emotional states that a woman could go through. Although I always prefer reading al-Fusha, I liked this book a lot, and I honestly do not think that the message would have arrived if it had been al-Fusha. . But what bothered me in this book is the repulsive mixture between classical and colloquial in some phrases ... Overall I am grateful for my reading this work. I only had two stars because I absolutely knew that the writer was always able to write the best
The void is a killer; interview the person before you judge him
Reconsideration and focus on the comfort of guests. Unfortunately, the stay did not have positive points except for the wing&#39;s area and its cleanliness. Deal in general The delay in receiving the room Car service is poor
I think Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq would have been better in the area of children&#39;s stories. I didn&#39;t like the novel very much. give her /
Bad in every respect
What are the differences between this book and any Nazi publication? Let&#39;s start from the beginning. Cheap start. Cover. The cover is stolen and has not been mentioned in any way. This is the first attractive thing for this thing. The image of a punishment bird. Thinking of me as the Nazi slogan. Indeed, with a small research, I discover that it matches. Germany logo image in. And from another picture. As the beginning of this calls for property theft. Without reference. Or even mention. But the truth of the matter is that it was directed in the interest of the book. how?. Because it does not differentiate from any silly publication of Nazi Germany. It does not differentiate in any way. Of course, the new gentle generation. Who did not hold an empty bow? And a generation who does not have us against us. And we who judge us are true. There is no such thing as moderate or moderate Islam. And everything is what is a deformation of minds. The generation that draws ideas from one source. From the likes of the coming movies. The easy generation that curses and curses everyone just because they read a book as a book, and thus became the most knowledgeable people on earth. I&#39;d love to remind them. The man who sent the worlds to the right. The Messenger of God, may God bless him and grant him peace, said: God inspired me to be humble so that no one would want anyone, and no one would be proud of anyone .. Narrated by Abu Dawood and Ibn Majah, and authenticated by Al-Albani .. But they know best and understand from us. If for nothing else God and yes, the agent. In this unfortunately called book and carries what I doubt it is ideas. Those are his features. The dream home. regime. Democracy is disbelief. All systems positively Kafr. Thus the system is the Shura Council. As if it is not my human thing, too. His sick belief says. It is the countries that control the world from behind the scenes. Really, behind the scenes ??? Are you really certified? What do you distinguish from Tawfiq Okasha and Amr Mostafa from their falling words on the wars of the fourth generation and the global conspiracy? As if an American does not say it explicitly. It will not allow any country to manufacture and strengthen its army. Do you hear about North Korea? Do you hear China? Balash hear India? They know countries. I know they have built themselves. And they hit the words of America with a wall. There is no art in these dirty countries. They are disciplined with America. Do you hear about Malaysia? Singapore?. Hear about them? About the experience of Mahathir Muhammad? And the successful democratization experience, which he did, and it came from an Islamic background? No, of course, because we are ignorant. Gift to the cat. Friedrich Nietzsche says:. Democracy means erosion, meaning that every part of the human being is allowed to take off in joys and desires. With us the dissolution of cohesion and mutual cooperation. Coronation of chaos and freedom, which means worshiping the people, and hates superiority and genius, which means the impossibility of the emergence of great men, so how can the greatest men submit to fraud and lies in the elections? What opportunity does the election offer to the greatest of men? The people hate the owner of the free spirit, the enemy of the restrictions, who do not belong to one of the parties, just as dogs hate wolves .. How can the supreme man grow up in such soil? How can a mother reach the bone if she does not benefit and use her greatest men to discourage them and leave them unheard of? Such a nation soon lost its morals by glorifying it with the most votes in the elections instead of the talented superstar in such a complex. Things are similar and women turn into men. And men into women. No limits after today. Borders are dust, right? Okay, you mean, you say, of course, that we are all connected in the context of religion. true? I mean, we are all one big country that collects religion. Jamil Maalish and the Prophet is what is the difference between idea and globalization? Not partially, here is the world, a small village, and there is the world in our possession. Of course, as you are familiar with all intentions, souls, and hidden things, you will understand that I am against Arab and Islamic unity. Of course you know the people of the earth. That is why I will not say Ray and invite you to the majestic magic of your majesty. Only true is the use of the word. An Islamic Empire, this is sweet. So beautiful? What is its definition? The empire is a state made up of political and military sovereignty over a population base that differs in terms of cultural system and race from the cultural system and race to the ruling class. It differs from the federal government, which results in a major country consisting of a wide range of independent states and peoples that have sought to unite in this way ... What do you brother? I came to you, you spoke the language as a link. Ok, and the Prophet keeps the role of a linguistic auditor looking at the book: and sit aside. Then, he told you, every Muslim citizen must keep in itself a weapon of mass destruction. The name of the Prophet is your guard, and God will envy you, Professor Amr. Hmmm ok, I will come with you with this terrible idea. What do you need? Mm know? Bravo, and science is your ability in what? Almost. Nice, so what are you going to do? ........ Weapon of mass destruction, you said. Nice. Seconds. Weapon of mass destruction. nuclear. Inchen. Jewish. .... Hahaha you would fall into the trap of never again. You speak, I am warning God&#39;s creation. Ali homeland of adults while the companions, may God be pleased with them all. The individual of them, as I said, is studying instead of the field in the field of a thousand. The genius came in that. He has not read the file of the future and the impossible man in order to know and analyze their implications. Because he tells you. On the idea of two states, in order to polish the image of intelligence. Son, what ?? How did you take it ??? Aww. If you read the first two pages, the first two pages about NA, you will understand that it is a beginning equivalent to the James Bond Arabic version. His Prophet in the name of God, God willing. Family system. Mr. Amr, creativity, creativity, creativity, creativity. Let us take a clip from his words. There are no restrictions on a raised girl since she was reached .. So marry and do not deviate .. There are no restrictions on age or on anything ... No restrictions on a raised teenager since he reached .. Let him marry and not deviate .. No restrictions on age or on anything ... No Restrictions on an old or old woman .. No restrictions on anyone. Emotional freedom and complete sexual ... Nevertheless, God does not get angry in the context of marriage and permanent and continuous divorce without societal or religious problems ... This is how life went without problems ... No sexual deviations? Yes .. why do you deviate, man, if you could get married since the age of ten? Why does this girl deviate if she could get married since she was ten? Why does a widow or divorced woman deviate and is able to marry without any problems from a new man without any religious or societal disapproval? It is not a right that is intended to be invalid. This sweetness is intended for shit. A family can consist of a child who has two years and a child who has two years. Oh know the people of the earth. Two children can carry a family? Well, did you marry when you reached? I need to hear the story of your progress in the girl child. You could follow, for example, the story of Amal for Amr Khaled. Of course, I will respond to ignorant people like myself. In England a few years ago there was that eleven-year-old boy who lives with his mother and father in their house with a 13-year-old girl .. Why? Because the last is the mother of his son. Yes .. and the girl’s parents are happy .. no problems .. The British Sun newspaper published the news without problems ... and then publishes a few days later a picture of a wedding ceremony that finally takes place between a young man in the twenty-second and a girl in the twenty .. a teenager stands at the age of ten .. Who is this O humans? This is their son. He gave birth to him since he was eleven years old and the girl is over nine years old. It&#39;s OK, no problem . As for your words after that? And talk about the dissolution of the value system in the Western world? And family disintegration? Where did you put it? No question? Children marry just for desire. Easily divorce. And get married easily. As long as you are loving, the valley is religious, bless the blessing and his father, and his father does not help him. Nice. Beautiful values by instilling it in shallowest more and more. Do you know, Sir Führer? Any society wants that our Lord honor him. Basically it keeps the family. And the strong family has one million reasons. Sure, not among them. Children get married and divorce for reasons, and there is no logic. Education. Let&#39;s go to Mawlid. Dear Sir Führer. Children in schools wanted to learn military plans and how to eliminate enemies in six days without a teacher. Hitler, sir, flips in his grave of laughter. Indeed, God bless you. He told you the origin of the state by fighting the mother of the slave Ok, we will be left, or the pickled mother. Sir Führer, good evening. . Of course, there are no good countries, so there will be no enemies. Well known means skylight = enemies. Of course, since Islam is from his words and from which you take your mind that it is a religion for a specific group of people. By the happy way, I like to think of you. That. May God take revenge from you. Of course, what is there for someone else in the Islamic state? And enemies forever and deal with them. Shia?. No countries on the side, but only the enemies in order. The Jews. Unbelief. Christians. Camille, you are Camille. I told you what we have to do And since we are a strong country, we keep looking. And if he liked them. Just seconds. I am still talking about the book that calls for the Caliphate state. Not on the Fourth Reich. A religion called by a man named Muhammad bin Abdullah. Send mercy to the worlds. Religion has a universal mission. P come back. Sorry. Sorry. Al-Amr Amr Abdel-Aziz. He twists the facts and claims that the Prophet of God is proud. He used to deal with Alia and set an example for Hudaybiyah conciliation. Let us see the transcendence and deal with the logic of force for the best envoy of the two worlds. The Messenger, may God’s prayers and peace be upon him, said: Bring a book between us and you. Then he called the writer, Ali bin Abi Talib. But write: In your name, O God, as you were writing. The Muslims said: By God, we only write it in the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. He said, may God’s prayers and peace be upon him: Write: In your name, O God, then he said: Type: This is what Muhammad, the Messenger of God, decreed on him. So Sahil said: By God, if we know that you are the Messenger of God, we would not have struck you from the house, But write Muhammad bin Abdullah,
I wished completing it to the end was too boring for me. I read it and read it randomly. I wanted to read his biography when he was my age
Related = every Arab citizen, and you have the rest in that
Were it not for Saleh Al-Laani’s translation, I would rate the novel with one star.
disappointing. The site and the labor market. The smell of toilets and corridors is poor. Wi-Fi is very bad
the Red . the value. Cleanliness
Buthainah Al-Essa, at first glance, I did not like to read to the Gulf female writers, as they all have one line in the writing. Love the suffering of parting. Because it really is the interpretation of Gulf love. Buthaina provoked me to read her novel One reason for an orphan is that Madar is among the novel in Sweden, that is, in Europe, in the place I belonged to recently and touched me very much in terms of Western sympathy and my predecessor was eleven years abroad from Kuwait and did not think at all to return to that country that was crushed by Arabism as he says and wait for Kuwait Come to him. Indeed, the dream came true and it was a coincidence that Farah went to a scholarship in Sweden and they met and loved her Dari, although she did not achieve anything because the Arab neighborhoods were very backward and a vast difference between Arab biology and European biology. That is, before the discovery of Kuwait on the map. This is shock, and this is the unheard of impact. Finally, the novel is not boring, and the narrative method has enjoyed me, even though it is the first novel of Pothina and the first novel to be read in the science of
Silly and not worth the fuss about
It is really the age of madness ... nonsense, futility, ... but that&#39;s it
I do not recommend. the breakfast. Cleanliness, lack of cooperation, air conditioning crew
A hotel that does not deserve stars and a high value for services. Location. The room furniture is very consuming and dirty, the floor brushes of the room are dirt, hallway brushes and dirt. It is clear that the hotel goal is only profitable and the restaurant is not of a high quality. And eating by passing for long hours in front of the room gates. And the room service is bad and they do not respond and their argument is that we knocked on the door and what you want, you take money from people, the hotel furniture tables, the towels in the bathrooms are filthy and the parties in the bathroom are stained and without exaggeration I cannot walk in the room without the shoes from the severity of the bacteria and the shameful view. I have not found a dirt in a hotel and claim to be stars like yours
The shape of the place is luxurious but ... despite the luxuriousness of the place and its elegant shape, the level of cleanliness in it is very poor. The spoons were unclean in shape with fat. When the waiter told us he brought a cup of vinegar and hot water and wiped it in front of us without running water and this did not suit us, and during that there was Another waiter on the side of the column is clear on the face, the features of the ridicule of our words, striking a palm and sucking his lips, and we are talking about the level of cleanliness. The streets but as a restaurant bathroom I don&#39;t think is a geek . We asked for a problem of grills, Moroccan soup, okra casserole with meat, Akawi casserole, Muammar rice casserole with meat, another without meat, vegetable tagine with meat, tongue soup, mambar and french fries. Our table of grills is acceptable, the rice is not well cooked, the pizza is small in the size of a tajine or Ali Al-Fardi, the soup was served in poor melamine dishes and had no taste and according to its name a Moroccan soup that had no tongue of sparrow or hummus or anything that expressed its name okra tagine with meat was not Well cooked, salt and a thousand containers It is not cleaned and dirty as a result of using it with hands stained with food. The amount of meat provided is considered small and has a small number in relation to the price, despite the presence of adequate quantities of starches. The restaurant has an Arabic session and other tables and chairs. Note: There is no place for cigarettes and smoking is permitted inside the place, and smokers besides us were bothering us. Ventilation only depended on the fans and the fan next to our table was down. The level of service is not good, especially since we were met with some sarcasm moves, whether mentioned above or in the way of submitting requests to us after that. As a request was made twice by mistake and they took it after he ate it each time until finally the correct tagine arrived and the dishes were placed with the mention of its name and we discovered that it was incorrect and we switched between us flies a lot of the place annoyingly unfortunately it was a terrible experience will not be repeated.
In a lot of dirty talk: /. I don’t recommend anyone reading it .. It provides sweet content, but it has been distorted
Very bad . Never! The reception is spacious, parking is light, room lighting is unsuccessful, the internet is unsuccessful, and parking is unsuccessful
A genius writer and a wonderful novel .. Piddk in the details to create a real atmosphere, as if you live with events in all its particles. Greetings to the writer
Expensive and take out insurance on the room and water in riyals, and availa something free, and there is no Nadel. Frankly and nothing. There is no interest and expensive for the empty and there are no car parks
The beginning of the book was excellent, especially those chapters in which he talked about what happened in Ras Mubarak or Ben Ali. I admit that I laughed at him laughing and began to imagine another scenario about what went on in their heads in those days .. As for the chapters that followed them were sub-standard. It wasn&#39;t a deep reading contrary to what I expected. Rather, it was a very superficial reading and a simple narration of the news bulletins, and there is nothing of analysis in it .. And the story that was ultimately told by Bouazizi was not a great thing or a new work .. The book may be good for those who do not know any information about the Arab Spring but not to those who tied or followed it Day by day .. I forgot to say that he did not mention the Bahrain revolution:. : //. . //
Perhaps this is my first reign of Fatima Fahd. The language is very good. The coordination is great. Perhaps if I had read it earlier I would have said this nonsense. But we are like this when we are in love. But the question remains as to why I am female. Do I have to be clearer of a man? The first star of the language and the second of the author. As for the content. It is not new. Thank you
I will go crazy because of Gabriel, I don&#39;t like what he writes, I read his autobiography, the memory of my sad songs, innocentira and the innocent story of death and she was the only one that liked me, and now in an hour of jinx, I didn&#39;t like it either, I hope when I read a hundred years of isolation it will be good .. here in The hour of Nahhas, there is no hour of Nahhas, and I do not know what the relationship between the title and the novel is, an automatic village with its actions, the authority of the mayor, and other personalities according to its location, Father Angel, Barber and others. The village wakes up to the crime of killing, Cesar kills Pasteur, because he read in the scandals that Pasteur has a relationship with his wife, in this village, leaflets of scandals distributed at the gates of the village spread, and no one knows who writes them, the mayor is trying in his authoritarian way to know who is behind it, who During nighttime maneuvers, curfews, etc., there is a religious authority for the father, who prevents many films from being shown, and forbids the staging of a circus, a boy said to be such a killer suddenly appears without introductions and disappears in the same chapter. Distracted narration, but it showed the prevailing ruling of politics, religion, and society, frightened or repressed.
The idea is sweet, but the novel is on some of it .... disappointing ....
The truth of the book is very boring
Book is less than very ordinary
The hotel is bad. Thing. everything
Unlike most rural women. I did not like these plastic drawings with their expressive poems. I wanted to woo and draw close to the fine art because I am not an expert on it, but I detest it and avoid it now .. I wish I hadn&#39;t touched that book. But in two sentences, I like it frankly:
Nice notes. But boring
Abu Thamer . . Bad hygiene, bad pillows
I did not like the novel much, even though the author discussed an issue that many could suffer from ... somewhat boring
Very weak. I did not like anything. Everything ,, the place smells like we are in Bombay and we asked a doctor and we did not have to ask and they provoked us to pay an amount for the doctor .. eating is bad .. it was a very boring and bad experience
disappointing. . The window is very dirty inside the room, most of the room is dust, the bed is not comfortable, the room in the bathroom is empty
I do not recommend it forever. He didn&#39;t like anything. The door between the two rooms did not open until after two hours and the bathrooms when the doors were closed the ceiling vibrates and a very strong sound comes out and the water does not act remains as the butter bath is lame and forbidden to a star
Bad . Basically, I did not live or went? Is this cheating, my name is that I live ?. The place to rate, adapt, and location is the reason why Kensley to book:
Just another book. Read a lot fluently in public speaking
disappointing. Proximity to the airport. Cleanliness, good for transit passengers
Residence is not enjoyable. nothing. Reception of the staff was very poor and secondly the cleanliness of the place was bad
I wrote this novel in a beautiful style and began to tell about the reality of a young man who lived for a separate father and mother ... but I did not like the excessive audacity on subjects contrary to morality.
Whoever reads the salami novel, the secrets of Abdullah, lovers of pure, and scents of Marie Claire, perhaps he will feel let down like me in this novel .. Stories of alienation have become the prevailing fashion for the Arabic novel, and Salami talks about the alienation of the protagonist, but alienation is not the alienation of the homeland, but the alienation of returning to a homeland that he no longer knows well. Another story could have been set aside, but the narrator&#39;s focus was on women and the contradictions they lived in in one homeland, between Western ideas and religious ideas and their implications. I do not think that Salmi was able to express this issue through the female models he chose in the novel and the crude sexual vocabulary that did not stop throughout the narration made matters worse. In my view, this novel did not rise to the level of the other novels that I read for Salmi, the best of which was the secrets of Abdullah, but it is perhaps the novel that made me follow the pen of this writer while the women of orchards will unfortunately be the novel that will make me stop following it
Quotes in blank quotes and tips
As an unsuccessful writer in my opinion ... In my opinion, it is a huge amount that I read this book, because the book is not sweet .. No, because of the name of its author. The style is a monster .. There are articles that attract you and simplify while you read it and articles you regret that you bought the book and you read it ... This is, however, that in every article that begins I don’t know what to write .. I mean, I don’t understand anyone who misappropriates you ?? What makes you happy in your cinematography, in which you are creative instead of the one I saw in the book ... I am his village in Ramadan, who missed the book, and I regretted so hard that I borrowed it and wasted time ... I could not wait for any accomplishment of its currency ... Please, please, a clear idea from the first word he said .. He changed his childhood, which I had filled with.
Is bad. nothing. Service is very bad room
I would almost give her five stars had it not been for the slightest disregard of Islam in the writer’s words because of her distress from the heroine&#39;s mother, because of her frequent pilgrimage and her belief in more things than her belief in angels. Then she was sealed that she was buying a pack of cigarettes for a dead man to bury him with because he would be busy writing with it on the first day in his grave? . And it is a great disdain for the sanctity of death and the grave, which I would not deny had it not been for the Muslim&#39;s sake. I ask God to guide us and them
Well, for some reason, I am not so fascinated by the majority. I don’t think it’s very strange for a twelve-year-old to have such rhetoric, especially if he is the son of Fairuz and Asi Rahbani. I did not like his way of addressing God and talking about him as though he were human beings like us. This totally ruined the pleasure of reading. I only like: Oh, if the words are like bread, it is not good, no one can speak unless he buys words. And the. I became afraid to sleep too long so that not everyone would go, and stay alone. And the. The corner of our house is full of things. Our house lockers are full of things. Under each bed are antique things. We love things and even less use them. Or it became useless. We do not give it to anyone and do not throw it away. We feel things have souls. Sad if they keep it away from its owners. And tomorrow our house is full. We are nowhere to return.
I did not like many details, the writer would have been in need of it other than the foolishness that penetrated the folds of the novel, and he would have liked to do without it .. the end of the novel and the events are included in a way that is not fair at all ... the story of the novel itself is shocking. Let&#39;s take revenge on so and so no matter the cause or cause, and I think if everyone justified his killing, we will not be saved.
And the path has been chosen by me:. The journey of travel and this was the closest thing to my hands, the story has an idea, but I felt that there are many needs in it that are incomplete and full of clichés, regardless of the sweet narration style ... It is not crowded except from very far away by Dr. Alaa, but in his distant place in his distant unit
Too bad, old and moldy, and I advise against staying in it, so the pictures do not tempt you in Bukang and there is nothing to rest on. . The building is old, the bathroom is unhealthy, the reception staff are unhelpful, the kitchen is dirty, and by God, if I live without anything, I advise everyone not to live in it, and anyone who will live in it will regret it.
An amount of negativity makes any man have a feeling that he is experiencing a psychological trauma, and he still wants to ask, he is all beating, there is no pure sweet need
Well I did not intend to write a review of this nonsense. But it&#39;s okay. I now want to reincarnate a sarcastic character and comment with great irony at all this nonsense that meets here .. Well, for those who do not know, I am a student of high energy physics and he is one of the most sophisticated sciences in the world, well there is no problem with this. I have close tests, one of which is particle physics, and I very much want to be able to fully understand the curriculum before next Thursday, which is a very difficult thing, but let&#39;s hope that I will be able to do this based on the law of attraction that will achieve this magical achievement for me .... I am also now hungry I ran out of bread two days ago and I am more lazy than going to buy some bread. Let us hope that my strong desire to eat a delicious dinner will cause the grocer to come to me with some bread or maybe he may knock on my door now and find a cage of bread that the baker especially brings me straight from the bakery Well, any of this will not happen unless I take the reasons for it and if I need to Someone said that this is what the book says, it will be like the one who reverted to the pre-Stone age. The stone person knew from the first moment that he must take the reasons to feed himself and protect it or reproduction .. etc. If we need such a book to remind us of what the whole of humanity has known since creation, then this is the height of nonsense .. But the problem is that the book transgresses this and makes desire strongly is the main driver, as if what is called the law of attraction is more important, for example than the second law of thermodynamics, according to which the number of editions The book and the wasted paper in it increased the entropy in the universe in a manner that could have been avoided, at least in order to preserve the bitterness of the physicists who may be dominated by hysterical laughter episodes when they find someone to believe such superstitions ....
disappointing. . The place needs to be renovated
The amount is overrated for service and cleanliness. Location only. Very bad services. An attempt by food services and a coffee shop to evade requests and cannot be found. I did not find water to drink until I went outside the hotel and it was not possible that requests were made after the evening, as well as floor brushes not at the level of the reservation price and furniture is somewhat old
For boring SF
The title of the book is beautiful and it includes a summary of the testimony, but the book is more suitable for those who are between a year..The book contains many pictures and is very simple, it also serves as a gift to the quality of its printing, but it is boring somewhat can be because most of us know what is written .. My soul was deeper than that and therefore I can complete it.
I think reading, if it does not help, at least, it will not harm, and the writer if he does not harvest the outcome of his attempt is at least he tried, although I am new to reading and this is the first time in my reading of the writer and I do not know much about it, in general I have found what stimulates me memory and makes me turn life and inspired For me with ideas, put between your eyes a phrase that reads everything that is in your hands. It is necessary to read the graffiti as well. Do not underestimate a book and do not underestimate an attempt:
In fact, the novel does not deserve the sheer amount of importance it has been placed on. Even regarding the poker prize. So that if the writer touched on topics that offended the modesty a lot and the horror in itself was not the goal or anything the writer wanted to communicate, there is no reason for such scenes to exist in the novel. What I have and what money happens to the hero of things that violate morals and morals. It is the first and last novel I read to the writer and I will not read it anymore. As for the star, it is because it took us to the time when you see the thousand and one nights
Not a good experience. . I found the hotel does not deserve stars and can only be evaluated with three stars. The transportation service to the Haram area is not good and with far dates. Buses are not available. I was sent to a very small room and were not like the pictures placed on the site. The bathroom door lock was not valid
Weak. I did not like the hotel. Narrow rooms and bathrooms, poor hygiene and lack of Wi-Fi
The book is interesting and intends to read ... But the style is extremely poor. The writer interfered a lot with the narrator, and it was not interesting to find him. Too much dialogue has been redone
The worst hotel not worthy of stars. Bed rest only. Delayed check-in and bad staff far from the border. The lobby does not rise to a five-star hotel, the furniture is old and worn out, the floors are poor and the sound insulation is bad. Free Wi-Fi is almost non-existent.
Weak. . The air conditioning is very very bad
disappointing. The restaurant and restaurant staff are excellent. The price for the room and bathroom is very small, there are no bathtubs and the room is very small
clowning. And articles are not necessary
. The location is beautiful ... the hotel does not have a restaurant and a breakfast buffet. The internet in the hotel only works in the hall, does not work in the bedrooms, the room was left without cleaning for a whole day, the air conditioning is very hot.
disappointing. . Bad internet, bad news.
Management should review the resort itself. The food was delicious, and the receptionist was helpful and came in before the time. The outdoor sessions are dirty, what is sitting on them, the bed was broken, and on the day the salary was raised, I found the wood eroded five stars ?? The swimming pool is cold, the Jacuzzi is disabled, the villas need maintenance and combating insects.
I finished reading it in a matter of hours .... A good attempt by an Arab writer who writes about puzzles and international secrets to not read about in novels a lot ... Language is too lame to be unbelievable, but the basic idea is good; nothing more, nothing less ... the many characters lose the reader .. It would be nice if the novel contained fewer characters .. There is no depth in the main characters ... All we see is that Naim and Talat search for the truth without going into their past well ... I hope that his writing level will improve in his recent books, I have not read it yet .... I also hope that it deserves the title of &quot;Dan Brown&quot; Arabs .... even though Dan Brown is incomparable to anyone ... From
Very stressful .. And you need to read it several times to feel the meaning. A black angel of eternity and eternity is an idea I have seen before in many films and hopeless. . Birds with burnt pups memories of soul fuel. The hunter and the prey are the fate that always surprises us, no matter what we look forward to. A female is in search of the truth, wisdom, the human end, which causes us to see the Creator in us and feel the characteristics and abilities that granted us when breathed in our bodies. A twice written life reveals an eternal question: two or two managers. The story of an old man whenever a dream in a city died in which our homeland is where we were born, or where we die in it, a unique vision of identity and man&#39;s relationship with man and place. This is what I sensed from my first reading
Compared to money, from the worst thing I lived in Riyadh. . Frankly, nothing. The rental value is very high when compared to facilities and services. They are considered normal residential apartments but carry the name of a hotel, a semi-remote area on the outskirts of Riyadh, a very regular breakfast, ..
Saeed Klaket .. victim of illusion ... and dramatic fabrication Peter Mimi is a young director whose biography says he is a human physician born on the ninth of April of the year, and he loved directing so he accomplished a number of short films, and began his career in directing feature films with a causal movie starring Ahmed Haroun and Randa Al-Behairi, He nominated him for the heroism of his second film, Saeed Klaket, but circumstances prevented the completion of the agreement, so he was only able to choose Sarah Salama to embody the role instead of it, and he succeeded in convincing Amr Abdel Jalil and Ola Ghanem to embody the two main roles, and as he did in his first movie he wrote the story of Said Klaket and left for the young Muhammad What is the task of writing a script and a script? R, and the embodiment of one of the roles of the film The events of the film begin with a heavy-shadow introduction in which Saeed Klaket Amr Abdul Jalil shows his displeasure, and everyone around him in Plateau, because of the poor performance of the film&#39;s hero, which everyone is obliged to compliment because his mother Samira Fayed Salwa Othman is the producer, and the film continues to expose The mechanics of the Egyptian cinema industry, where the director who loves the heroine Salma Sarah Salama and the producer who loves a young man at the age of her son, and does not hesitate to present it to the director, as a new face of old clichés that are outdated, and it seems just gossip or excessive stuffing before reaching the crisis of the hero who treats his neighbor Hanan Ola Ghanem very harshly, while giving them attention My daughter’s wish is that of the child, Rudi Al-Amiri, but his life is turned upside down after the kidnapping of his daughter, and the kidnappers ’threat to kill her if he does not replace the bullets with live bullets that kills the son of the infected producer, who was married to veteran producer Hilmi Shihab Ahmed Fouad Salim after he made a famous star from her, but she betrayed him , And seized his money and companies, and attributed to him the failed son, whom we saw in the first scene, and after hesitation Said Said Klaket settled his matter, and performs the mission, which ends with the killing of the young man, and the shock of the mother. At this moment, the screenwriter and dialogue realize that he has put himself in a dramatic dilemma that he must get out of quickly as soon as he resorted, without justification, to pushing Said Klacket to admit, surprisingly, that he is the murderer, and after his arrest his neighbor donates his defense in front of the officer Marwan Nidal Najm And a series of surprising surprises explode in these confessions, and its repercussions. The thrill of the film lies, and the thrill reaches its climax, and I imagine that in these scenes the freshness of the story is written by the director, and the writer of the script and the dialogue distorted him with his dull digressions, excess chatter, and empty allegations. Saying that the film warns From the danger of falling into a clutches The brainwashers who invest in the ignorant, the incompetent, and plant in them the wrong ideas that threaten the stability of the country, represents a desperate attempt to read the film from a different angle, and an effort above the energy to give importance to the film, which the recipient finds extremely difficult to classify; it is social and more action and Seko drama is a psychological and comic drama as a result of the presence of Amr Abdel-Galil. With the exception of his success in deluding the recipient that he was sane, he seemed to be the wrong choice; Difficult as a lame The abduction of the girl child, and the strange compliance with the kidnappers ’instructions. The exciting thing is that the fantasy also found a place in the movie, through a strange strange scene, during which the hero Fuji stormed his room with a masked thief, and before he was caught, the masked escaped, and he rode a horse in the heart of the folk lane, while the film was characterized by a single lighting style, Director of Photography Akram Mamdouh so that it does not Knowing his night from his day, the dialogue came weak, the rhythm is uninteresting and flabby, the production of Amr Akef is contradictory, and this quality depends on ambiguity, suspense and excitement. With the exception of the diligence of the Jordanian actor of Palestinian origin, Nidal Najm, who personified the personality of the detective officer Marwan, and the confidence of Ola Ghanem, who left a suggestion that she is a playful woman, before she revealed her truth and caused the turn of events, Ahmed Fuad Selim&#39;s experience adds a lot to the film, so that he imagines For the viewer, he is the only one who seriously dealt with his dramatic personality, unlike the new faces that exposed the scarcity of production and his tendency to compliment, while the song Medhat Saleh came with the descent of the ending sequences to represent a waste of money, and to destroy the dramatic necessity, as I hesitated around a hall devoid of the audience
It is new events. The same events I loved you too much, but dear tongue. Aziz, who changed my mind in it. Juman is weak and I hate weakness because she exaggerated it
The events are hostile ... And worse than that, there is no hidden side in the second part of the novel .... All dear excuses were ridiculous and expected ... wobbly between love and love ... between attachment and fear of .... His excuse was a name The previous version is that he liked it too little ... so I suspect that Atheer has made a mistake in composing a second part repeating the story.
The furniture is old and there are insects. . The furniture is old and there are insects
The book is of a modest level from my point of view .. What is so much .. The author speaks the language of ridicule all the time, but unfortunately, she was flirting with it and turning to tedious exploration most of the time .. And had it not been for two or three chapters of the book, I would not have deserved half of the star
Weak. Attitudes always exist. Disruption of the nightclub arrives in the rooms and you hear their inconvenience
Weak. . Receiving and dealing with the Independence employee upon arrival and withdrawing a deposit from the credit card, even though the payment is at the residence site and they did not inform me about that
disappointing. . The financial value is more than what is due for this hotel .. The price is high and it matches the prices of star hotels and its location is very difficult to reach due to the difficulty of finding the main entrance to the hotel, even though it is on the most important street in Abu Dhabi
It is good book, if not in it, it is not sweet
Mmmmmmmmmmmm I don&#39;t know what to say frankly The book is very very disappointing. Is Khawla Hamdi conceived, if only for a painting that a novel could be an Islamic reference. I mean, she is actually writing for the goal, and it is not just a pointless mess. All people enter Islam in groups. And the Holy Qur’an, God willing, the Qur’anic verses and divine messages. What do you mean? Actually, some events and characters can be real. But the topic is very awkward, and the heart of an Indian movie is not even Arab. The summary is that if I myself had this experience, I didn’t have it. But I promise I will try again. It has worked
One of the best poems I read for Amal Dengul. No reconciliation . .. even if they give you gold. See when your eyes woke up. Then prove two essences in their place ... Do you see ..?. Are things that are not bought ..:. Childhood memories between your brother and you. Suddenly your sense of manhood. This modesty that repels longing ... when you embrace it ,. Silence smiling to reprimand your mother ... as if you were. They are still two children. That eternal reassurance between you two: That Sivan is your sword ... two voices your voice. If you die: For the house of the Lord. The child has a father. Will my blood become water in your eyes? Do you forget my blood-stained robe ... on my blood, are you clothed with reeds? its war . You may burden the heart ... but behind you is the shame of the Arabs. Do not reconcile ... and do not seek to escape. . Do not reconcile with blood .. even with blood. Do not reconcile even if it was said head to head. Eating heads either ?. I turn the stranger like your brother&#39;s heart? . Your eyes, your brother&#39;s eyes? . Is a hand equal .. its sword was yours. In the hand of her sword, I bore you? They will say: We came to inject blood ... we came. Be my prince of judgment. They will say: Here we are cousins .. Tell them: They did not take into account the generalization, so whoever perished. And plant the sword in the desert front. Until you answer nothingness. I was yours. Farsa ,. And brother,. And oppa ,. And a king
disappointing. . Difficulty getting cockroaches
Weak. . The administration does not take the comments of the inmates seriously. Some members of the administration team have a lounge, which is not a night club that opens at five in the afternoon to enjoy the view of the sunset who refuses to enter anyone wearing a national costume. There is nothing in the room&#39;s information to explain this policy. My wife and I were subjected to this embarrassing situation in front of others when we wanted to watch the sunset from the lounge site where the employee stated that we cannot enter because we are wearing a national costume. This embarrassment, as well as not using the term national dress, is not permitted and the use of any other term does not imply that the national costume is undervalued. After a long discussion, the manager pledged to amend it immediately. Unfortunately, until the date of departure, this was not done.
Very normal and differs from the Elaf hotels without Mecca. Bed and air conditioning. Delivery to the campus ends at the endeavor, reaching the ranks of the worshipers is tired and far away, and crowds it with a narrow and small place
Taabaan Hotel. The location is close to the market. Wi-Fi is not free, the service is slow, the honesty is not available because after the Czechs have claimed that the remote is what they got and they did not save me.
Very weak. I liked the crew consisting of the Egyptian Amir and the Filipina, but the other crew is neglected and does not keep its promises. I asked them for a towel because it was not available and did not come until I went out and asked them for Wi-Fi too and they did not bring me inconvenience from the building under construction next to the hotel the other crew does not answer the phone when calling
There is something to wake up after reading like this ...
I did not like it at all and was not surprised by any transmission of the novel, on the contrary. It is necessary to develop a novel that increases its level, on the contrary, it is less than the level or it is already below the level. The amount of vocalizations for no reason ... confusion and the lack of arrangement of events if it was in events at all. The novel is a rough word on the number of every little iterations repeated and the words of each little bit are repeated on the basis that this is good, so I will discover the secret. She thought of me famously, and he said to the Nightingale: If I were to talk to him, he would describe what kindness is there in it, nor in dreams, uh, peace, peace, peace, peace, peace, peace, peace::. I wish you were her servant from his home and she was not a buyer. Awni, Abbas, Abdullah, Shahindah, India and India. go to hell
I like the idea of moving away from it all an easily accessible site, and it is difficult to reach the reception desk unless you speak fluent Hindi. Take your wine with you since half a bottle of red Indian wine costs Rs. Don&#39;t be anxious to swim far away, as the one meter long swimming pool is perfect for a cool dip only. Be sure to ask about the price if you are interested in it at lunchtime on a Sunday buffet. They have their own internal way of preparing the invoice that you do not agree to and ask them to provide it clearly, i.e. room and taxes the detailed signed pub / restaurant bills.
Foam in the empty
The worst entertainment trip I have ever made. . . Noticeable delay in room readiness. Delays in coordinating buses to and from the beach where the driver intends to reach more than one side to collect guests, causing the bus to delay for a period of more than an hour. The alternate manager is very bad, as the focus was on reserving the amount of money more than treating room readiness, knowing that there were children. Traveling from Abu Dhabi to Dubai meant that distance was tired and children were present. The dinner meal is coupons for a limited number of restaurants, which in turn are also very limited to a number of foods and in a professional and clear monument method from both parties and without notifying that for the final guests. In the world of five-star hotels no comment.
The language of the book is more suitable for Western Muslims or non-Muslims than for Muslims ... In the first part of the book he talked about his pilgrimage journey, details and spirituality of the journey, in the last part he talked about general ideas about Islam and his philosophy, which was almost repeated from his other book, Islam As an alternative, I don’t know which one to write first
I think the problem is that I have read the best of Alef and, as a reader, I have not accepted the worst from her ... I never liked it.
Weak. Good and varied. The advantages of the site are not really something else
I touched some disregard for the reader, I don&#39;t like this type of book
How many articles do they laugh at after the exams, but the writer is not so sweet in the literature
A beautiful book that takes you on a free tour of the Maghreb. I still read it during my rest time in my job at the Jarir Bookstore
The beginning was strong and the writer was able to spun her strings brilliantly ... I deeply felt the personality and its struggle. After that, I don’t know what happened .. I suddenly got lost. Many of them jumped quickly between the characters and listed somewhat boring details did not affect the essence of the novel. And also that the novel was on the lips of the character, it was completely unsuccessful in that ... because it was included in the catacombs of other characters, as if speaking on their tongue. And the. At the end I was very disappointed .. It ended without knowing that I gave her two stars
Expensive ,, uncomfortable ,,,,,,. . A damp scent emits from the hallways and rooms
Hmmm, I didn&#39;t like that much ... but I got out of it in a trick; it was the mouthpiece of Hamid when Mary said to him and why do they kill you ?? :. If you are not a difficult number for your enemy, then you are a trivial number. Salem was a difficult number, so they killed him
I really do not know what kind of literary this work belongs to, a novel or research into the history of female deities and metaphysics. Um, even an article about the writer’s religious vision. The beginning was good, and it helped me to follow. But once the mother’s messages began to be lengthened and detailed, I became bored. Then, the end of the novel was truncated to the point where I thought that the copy in my hands was incomplete
Alif Hotel in Taif. Quietness of the hotel. There is no Wi-Fi, there is no mini-bar, no water heater, no contents in the refrigerator, no distinction between hotel guests and visitors entering the market via the hotel The service in the revolving restaurant was very bad
There is more than one level of writing in the novel, as if the linguistic narration, which is full of pictures and synonyms, wrestles with the reporting method, and in both cases it does not fit the idea ... Among them and many people, and the novel has been prolonged for no reason, there are opinions that were forcibly put together without any creativity to find yourself reading part of an article, not literary work. Not good, but it did not amount to not completing it. For those who know me, they know how much my mind is too long with bad writing.
I do not recommend living in it for good. Everything is uncomfortable, and I would not recommend housing in it once and for all. The bathroom is in the middle of the room and the types of furniture are old, the room is dirty and its dust is laden with incense
Comfortable stay, and I used to stay in this hotel three to four times a year. good.
Not worthy of a star. The location is somewhat close to the Noble Sanctuary. The staff is not very cooperative, and there is no car park available from the hotel.
The two stars to review the words and expressions .. It was a beautiful review .. As for the story itself, it had no sound
disappointing. I liked the Saudi employee dealing, the location is just close to the services and the breakfast buffet is good. The bed sheets and pillows are not clean Take a second bus
A boring, bad, and unworthy narration, and I left it before completing it because of the suspense and enjoyment it lacks and lacks the most important thing in the narration, which is dialogue .... Try writing it on the way saved in Miramar, but there is a difference between the two versions.
. When I read the written words about the book, I was fascinated by it and was very excited about its reading, other than its name, which attracts any of the foundations. And from the first two words their village began to lose fascination with. The book is a presentation of some posts that are completely separate from each other and written in a personal nature, some are entertaining and the other is boring. Unfortunately, when I did not have a need similar to the most memorable notes at the end, the topic escaped from it, frankly, I did not like his love, but I have to say, please, that you forget to describe the situation, I see it, it is not easy to describe and does not feel it, and it is possible that the only need that stopped me. in it. Try what you buy and borrow from some of your friends
disappointing. Location. Poor hygiene and brushes are very old
Very weak. Nothing. I recommend Bukking to remove this hotel from its website. Thank you
God suffices me, and yes, the agent .... but that&#39;s it. And the two stars are countries ... generous of morals, I don&#39;t want more ...
My grocery store didn’t get bored like this .. the beginning was promising and then it fell into the boredom hole .. it could have been shortened more
I liked the first half of the book and the other half distracted me .. I did not know who was talking .. Maybe I was not ready to read the book. I like the copy of Faisal Al-Ammer screws, but I don’t like his copy of the riot. Greetings to Faisal:
The hotel does not deserve a paid value. . There are no parking spaces in the hotel
I would not recommend this bad hotel. . Too bad too too
disappointing. The reception staff .. excellent treat. Room services are bad services ... not a five-star hotel
Weak. No annoyance. There is no view of the campus, when cleaning the rooms, the bathroom utensils are not provided. Breakfast is very limited items, although I am a real payer for an additional person. I did not find a few items when ordering a tax. There is a network of workers to raise the price on the guest. I hope the hotel management monitors
Very weak. Near the hotel to the mall and restaurants. The place is noisy and noisy, no services, the room is completely unprepared
Very weak. . Bad in all respects
disappointing. . The receptionist arrived at the hotel. He told me, &quot;Wait two hours, until the room is ready, and I don&#39;t stay at the hotel.&quot;
C. Hotel nothing. Adaptation . Cleanliness . Inconvenience to the staff while leaving the hotel
The level of the hotel deserves more than the smell star since we entered the hotel. The smell of the smell of bathrooms and roads between the rooms is foul. The level of the rooms is not stars. Of course, the star is not more like the level of brushes and overpriced plumbing and rust in everything in the bathrooms until the Basket until the balcony chairs are broken. The average until Al-Busain empty it from the night and they said that it will be ready in the morning until the date of our travel is not full and they said under maintenance, and what is its fault and we are going for two days playing lost of them one day and of course the money they lost all of it is not important today that was lost on the father unfortunately it is not possible to repeat the experience again
Alexandria is not a reception and there is no scope in the rooms at all, lack of diversity in eating, lack of programs and parties, no change of sheets and towels at all, and for drinks, Tang juice, lack of interest in guests, and I asked to change the room more than once and not responding
The nature of the narration was largely dominated by the narration. I felt bored in many parts, and I was after them, and I did not see the end that I am waiting for, or the end that can be fascinated by me, but I liked it very much in the book, the fatty language I used, and that it entered me in a very second time period.
Finally, I finished reading it .. In the beginning, I would like to mention that I am not a fan of reading in human development and the reason I acquired this book is the high propaganda that I had, so I had no prior knowledge of its content, otherwise I would not have acquired it .. I feel that I heard these words in many of Seminars and lectures, but in different ways, the only new thing for me is. Drafting the same ideas but in a different style. I refer that the uproar over this book was for this reason the strangeness of the style ... the book in short is a collection of sayings, experiences and experiences of some people with different jobs .. Rwanda talked about it in a law that I feel is rather strange and it is the law of attraction that states that the universe attracts everyone What to expect. Or think about it. You are the product of your thoughts and expectations. If you expect goodness that the universe has attracted to you and mocked you and vice versa .. I believe that this is nonsense, so what is estimated and written is what will attract to us on its own All we have to do is to optimize a little and expect good always and improve the belief in God never .. After all Chapter, if I may say so, there is one sheet under the heading &quot;Secret in Brief Points&quot;, in my opinion, reading these points alone. She sings about reading her explanation .. The talk is long and the words and ideas are repeated .. The most beautiful thing that caught my attention to him this book is the absence of meditation a lot about my life ... it made me think more ... and I closed my eyes a lot to imagine .. it is really fun that was absent from me .. in the end I wished that the content of the book was with the beauty of its cover and its luxurious printing, but my disappointment .. I have not always seen the film because I always believe that what is written does not depict the same beauty that it contains when it is written and since I finished the book I will watch the movie but for the first time I hope to see what I like more than Wrote.
disappointing. . Baggage delivery services are delayed. The room is not cleaned and arranged upon request. There is no car park in the hotel and reliance on parking outside the hotel in an area far from the property.
The best broasted shrimp has the cleanliness of service from speed of place and decoration of
The star of the style of the writer .. But the idea, the end, the heroine and the procrastination with her feelings and feelings are boring and provocative to an indescribable degree ... We hope the writer can find creative ideas
... the novel is boring in a way that cannot be swallowed ... monotonous events ... similar personalities ... chapters that are not chronologically arranged, which aggravated the torment ... More. ..
The Pansion novel is a short novel by the Emirati novelist Abdullah Al Nuaimi that tells the story of Walid, the hero, with four characters of the opposite sex while he lived in the Pansion, a residence similar to the hotel, during his trip to Thailand .. Through his novel the writer wanted to give different models to women and their ideas resulting from the environment in which they lived . There is Nadine the liberator, the daughter of self-made and the extrovert who suffered because of this from his extremist relatives, and the result was a backlash that made Nadine abstain from the entire debt .. There is Sarah, a wife in a Gulf family who came to Thailand for the purpose of tourism, who lives a contradictory life because her values are not based on land It is a solid level, it covers its face in front of the Gulf people and reveals it in front of others, there is no specific standard and value that you believe in, and Sarah summarizes most of the personalities of the Gulf society that suffers from hypocrisy and duplication .. Third comes Ibtihal, the daughter of an expatriate Arab family who suffers from the difficulties of life and secures a living. It represented the supplication of contentment and contentment with the writer, and that is what made her cross the ladder of success a degree from a waitress in her father&#39;s restaurant to a successful businesswoman .. These figures bring together Walid, the hero, who has a story with each of them .. The time of the novel is short, events happen in a few days Al-Naimi did well in the rotation in the timeline .. The novel can be completed in a very short time in order to overshadow the dialogue on the narration and description .. What is wrong with the novel is the heroic idealistic boring character, what is known that the novelist is trying in various ways to highlight the defects of the hero to keep him away from Idealism and what the writer did not do .. A very light novel that could be finished in S. At.
disappointing. Room size. Park the car and disturb the exit
I was expecting Milan Kundera is a great writer. But he proves to me for the second time that he is just an air balloon.
I like you, but the two stars, so that the idea of the novel in the other is successful in what is coming, God willing
Weak . Lacey. Hotel furnitures. Wi-Fi is not available
Although it is one of the fewest things I have read to al-Kilani, and despite her style that I did not like, I continued to complete it and chills and Mustafa defended the minaret of the mosque in broad daylight before the end of the novel .. and another in the conclusion and the night star caught by her husband:
Evaluation is unjust. . C was greeted by look almost nonexistent
disappointing. The presence of the mall. The rooms are not clean and when we asked to clean the rooms, the cleaning was very bad as the cleaning does not include the edges of the windows and the bottom of the beds and the carpets are full of dust and we submitted a complaint to the management and I justified the workers and our rooms were changed but it was the same level of cleanliness with a live cockroach the effects of our disgust..but the service is very bad and slow We had to wait more than an hour only to transfer our luggage to the other rooms ... Unfortunately, our stay was not pleasant unlike the previous one. Please note that the note was taken into consideration and the provision of services worthy of star hotels and the increase in employees. Pussy our expectations dust cause ill health of his father
Before I read this book, I had a much better picture of Sadat and I was seen as the best ruler in the Arab region in the last hundred years, but after I read the memoirs, I can say that the enemies of Sadat themselves if they wanted to destroy his image, they would not be able to do from the book. He can do it. I am surprisingly real. It is a terrible amount of this lie, falsification of historical facts, distance from objectivity and admiration for the soul that is in the book, although the extreme intelligence of Sadat is not disputed, and admiration for his wits and political hatred is not controversial, but unfortunately, he did not meet with them. And blaming oneself and accepting criticism and hearing the opinion of the other So it was that Sadat came from his position of strength and his painful end did not think that by intelligence this could manipulate the political sects surrounding him so as to escalate a political faction in order to limit the influence of another faction and then return and suppress the faction that was escalated by using another force and so until its end At the hands of one of these factions.
The hotel needs a major overhaul. Location of the hotel and parking. The poor condition of the hotel in terms of cleanliness and old and unclean furniture, as the photos do not reflect the actual condition of the hotel
A book where you spend an hour not only knowing what to do with it. I liked talking about love and the connection with the Creator in some places, but the book as a whole could have been more profound
Disappointing and outdated tacky and uncomfortable furniture, there is only an air conditioner in the main bedroom that has a double bed that was confined to an area about cm between it and the dressing table to reach the far side, the hall and the other bedroom did not have an air conditioner or ceiling fan which made them very In the heat. The towels were thick and the bed sheet was like sandpaper, the carpet was dirty and the kitchen oven was removed. You are not allowed to bring water to the hotel. Breakfast is simple Turkish food, in addition to cheap cornflex, sausage slices with oil, very concentrated orange juice, and no water. The pictures were falling from the wall and were on the floor. I watched cats urinate in the pool and sprayed them reach the solar family. I can&#39;t wait to leave.
The style is great .. the phrases are smooth .. but the heroine represents betrayal, not love .. does not carry any principles or values .. and does not express remorse for her mistakes ..
It is worthy riyal per night. Near the campus only, parking is available in riyals per day, but there is a need to pay insurance riyals on the parking card. They tried to cancel the reservation on the pretext of the ineffectiveness of the credit card, but through my communication with the Bukking staff I was able to guarantee the reservation, and I paid the required amount of the credit card itself, I booked a two-bedroom suite with a view of the Prophet’s Mosque, so they presented me with a suite of bedrooms I do not need No look on the last floor, where the water pressure is poor and the bathrooms need maintenance, and the elevators are delayed to arrive due to the crowding of inmates, I paid SAR for one night even though the card hanging on the door indicates riyals per night, I photographed it and I will file a complaint to protect the consumer, the furniture is old and worn out There are no restaurants in the same area Hotel, the number of elevators is very low for guests, especially prayer time, the pictures placed in the announcement are very different from the reality, the hotel does not deserve a single star in the evaluation of hotels, although their price is considered a star price, thank God that the king approved the expansion and that the eviction order will come to them soon,
I don&#39;t feel that the lines that were written deserve to be gathered as book. Deserves to be tweets or diaries on site only. Just a personal opinion
May Allah fix your affairs. . I didn&#39;t like it
A good book explains the suffering, but the author must go deeper into prison life and describe the psychological and physical state and torture
His family travel. We liked it. Relax, pool and breakfast. Cleanliness in the room
Initially, it is a fun and entertaining story that keeps seeking to complement the other ... The language is weak, and some bad vernacular words were mentioned. The novel is such a person to take the championship alternately in the chapters of the novel, each one tells his story and if he brings them together the place and misery and failure according to their different stories and details ... the end was somewhat surprising to me ... but I do not know why this novel has less sense Too much of what you expected from the title and cover could not be found to the degree you were waiting for. And it didn&#39;t look so bad that I could not finish it.
Workers have no experience in dealing with clients and foreign sounds are heard. He is inside the mall. Employees have no familiarity with work, failure to cooperate in case of doubt, or they never give you additional time even though I am a room barrier
Very very bad hotel. Close to the sanctuary. Very bad cleanliness. Finished furniture. There is no cleaning inside the rooms except upon request. Often they do not come with demand. The rooms are very narrow. I had a blockage in the sewers. God bless you and asked them for maintenance.
disappointing. . There were no room services. The phone did not work, so if you need something, I go under ?? There was no water. I asked twice and did not respond. Thank you.
New liberal, big with its title ... and its titles at home are also very large, but the abridging acronym for big titles prohibits you from making the desired use of it and this is my only criticism for the writer and his book .. You expect that you will read subjective experiences, but they are only the views of its author .. Its consuming titles would be useful if I prolong a statement, even if he referred to other aspects other than the ones we see or read elsewhere. As for repetition, it did not add to me as an early reader anything ... I liked his easy and smooth language, and some of his phrases, and we criticize him for his insulting abbreviation of these titles ... some of what I liked about him. That the world needs intellectual surgery from which to remove malignant tumors, and we need mind doctors ... as much as it needs doctors of the body. . That love is the virtue of virtues, and it is in its broad real meaning, the cultural antidote to all the emotional platitudes and the immoral playfulness that we suffer from. . Our eternal and major issue is we Arabs, that we still live without an issue and without an idea, and for several centuries during which we lived outside history and time, under the domination of whips, and outside the geography of civilizations and their intellectual borders. . Readers want minds free from the myths and limitations of myth. . The ugliest prison in history, that prison that man makes from his thoughts and imagination, to imprison his soul and mind in it ... Madness is for the sake of truth and freedom, for the good of Rusafa and Reason in slavery. . Between reform and corruption, awakening conscience, and between right and wrong awakening the mind. . A sound mind and an enlightened thought do not intersect with the correct, transmitted texts, but rather parallel and interpret each other.
This novel is a natural result of the state of underdevelopment and literary precipitation that we currently live in Egypt. I mean seriously dead. Anyone wrote two words, and a backward publishing house published by salvation was left with a writer. My evaluation of the novel is not a star. De Hadeelha as a whole, as an objective evaluation worthy of her and the author
Failed and weak action. She tries to imitate Mosteghanemi&#39;s dream style. Poetic and dreamer
I don&#39;t understand why many are not afraid to read such books that present different ideas as long as you are mature enough to distinguish right from wrong? . God and man are among the most controversial books in Egypt in the last century. The book that Abdel Nasser ordered to withdraw from the markets and not be printed and did not come to light again after Sadat took over, is the book that Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud repudiated from his ideas and issued another book in which he responded to himself As his responses came in his various books .. Mustafa Mahmoud wrote this book during the period of doubt, volatility and the pursuit of understanding the divine self, as he was influenced by many Western philosophers, and his ideas came a fluctuating mixture between right and wrong .. Some articles are excellent, some are good but some are mixed with them. Some poisonous ideas, some are naive and immature, and some are unbelief Religious. In it the author raises a lot of bold questions that everyone must ask, but he attaches them with answers that are highly naive, but some of these answers are found in other books that are more mature for the doctor .. The writer started an article in which they called for each one to define his own philosophy, and he said :. From now on, try to know the type of your philosophy, the type of Lord you worship .. the type of land on which you stand .. and the type of heart that is between your ribs .. sharpen your talents .. and your knives..wake your battle and do not wait for chance to make your destiny for you, but make it for yourself .. success Serendipity does not live .. Choose your death better than choose your serendipity for your life .. Ask yourself before you sleep .. you were not created .. and did not live .. and what are your raw desires .. pure from the impurities of hypocrisy and modesty .. search for your weakness and your strength, put Your actions are under a fair lens of criticism ... and draw your truth with deep thinking .... It is an article on the importance of taking a philosophy for yourself to coexist with modern life, just as the lack of a doctrine is a doctrine in itself .. You need to read philosophy, poetry and stories and need to open your mind and thinking in order not to rot .. In this article I agree with the doctor in the general idea of the necessity Philosophy, thinking and knowing which path to take and doctrine to take .. Then he talked about the importance of food and work, and he said: We made the prayer and exported it to Huxley and his forefathers .. We tried it on the four schools of thought .. It remains only to try good food ... We also extracted Satan from the bottle .. It remains only to extract iron from the ground .. We installed the rug of Solomon so there is no objection to it We ride a balloon or a missile plane .... The article is very naive. Who said that praying alone strengthens our bodies or makes society flourish and grow? Prayer is a means of worship, but it does not make it necessary to eat well or work .. The article has good words, but it has some naive glimpses as I explained .. The author then asks whether a person is free? And he says: The denial of freedom is a waste of responsibility, a denial of morality, the significance of history and the meaning of development .. It transforms life into futility..and it turns the human beings into frames and helpless templates .. If tomorrow is observed in a tablet, then what is the meaning of the pursuit and diligence ... and the implementation of thought and struggle. All these values fall and remain an ugly, meaningless law. In this article, Mustafa Mahmoud is engaged in a metaphysical region in which there is a denial of the preserved tablet. He talks about fate and calls it by chance. The writer says that man has complete freedom in all his work .. On this topic, the doctor wrote many articles, but with a different view after his mind and his heart guided him to the truth. Then there are several excellent articles with names: the logic of the thief, what is honor, virtues in the boxes, where is happiness, women, modern love, the meaning of progress, the meaning of conscience, about the meaning of justice, and do not kill yourself and spray it to treat wars .. It presents some issues in the form of Very cool, it has some toxins tainted by it as its belief in Darwin&#39;s theory and its mention Martyrdom in or some other troubled thoughts .. But other than this, these articles are among the best that Mustafa Mahmoud wrote .. Then we move to the second part of the book, which is more controversial than the first part, under the name: God, and it is a research into the meaning of spirit and worship .. The first article In it is the title of the thing and talks about it that a person is a mystery that no one has ever solved until the anatomists, and that there is something that moves the body .. Inside us, a group that blows the trumpet of our bodies, and plays with the threads of our limbs, so it moves, walks, and talks. . Then the opinion of the Brahmins view the Indians in it and they say that there is one soul in the entire universe that moved it, and he said that many philosophers said this, as well as the heavenly religions .. all of them agreed that there is a motor but they did not agree on what it is .. And at the end of the article he concluded that there is unity in existence and say:. That thing that seems to be the end ... as if the cause ... as if the truth ... at the same time .... The article is one of the great philosophical articles. It agreed or disagreed with some of its ideas. Then he said: God in the modern mind ... in an article entitled: God. And in it he says that the idea of God did not appear with religions only, but it was before this used in other beliefs but with a wrong use, then he comes to entering Judaism and criticizes it and then Christianity and criticizes it, but the strangest thing is that he did not mention Islam, I was excited after his presentation of Christianity and Judaism to talk about Islam But he disappointed me and did not. An article indicates the immaturity of the writer&#39;s thought and his naivety in handling the matter .. Then comes an article that is the worst in the group in his outlook which is: The mystery after death ... In this article the author criticizes the idea of the death of the body and the immortality of the soul and sent it to another life .. In this article, disbelief Absolute to the afterlife .. Then he talks in an article about causation, and that everything in the universe has a reason .. But in this article it contradicts the idea that he put forth that there is one soul, so what is the reason for the existence of this spirit? Then he concludes his exciting book with his article on the fact that God’s existence has something to do with global politics .. He says that it is the strong who make the idea of God because they like them; where they eat from the money of the weak and they slander them however they want .. The weak believe that God will compensate them in the hereafter for what the strong people do with them in The world, so the powerful became doing what they wanted under this cloak ... The logic is good, even if it completely disappears with him .. In the end I say that Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud himself disavowed his thoughts in the book and arrived after a lot of research, diligence and reading to what his mind pleases, and you will find many of his works The definitive response to these articles ... and after that you At the philosophical book with bold questions must in the next twelve hours that I review seven parts of the Koran and a half before the exam, and Lord Lester
Despite my hatred of this woman and despite the many fallacies in the book, it provoked me and provoked my anger .. I cannot ignore how solid, brave and persistent this woman is, and these are the things that we failed as Arabs .. As I think
I hope guests appreciate the required form by some hotels. Location. I booked two suites at the hotel, which are a room and a hall with exactly the same specifications and the same view, but I was surprised that they gave me one of the wings significantly smaller than the other and by referring to the director of the rooms department and the specialists in the reception to solve the problem they were unable to press reservations even though I booked a week or more and after that they tried My conviction is that the rooms have the same specifications, and finally, to the time of my departure, I did not see any attempt to resolve by them except in a negative way. What is the role of the Bukking website in such situations that fall against the inmate?
Only for Indians and a weak site. I didn&#39;t like anything. I subscribed to breakfast and deducted the amount, and lastly the employee says you did not pay and after watching the breakfast, is it worth paying and I found Indian food less than normal and the internet is shared with very exaggerated money? A hotel is worth only a dirham
Why do not you know why, and how I complete it .. It has a need for tension ... It is a very ordinary daily stories that do not have the problem of the story O.. but I felt about it the problem of life ... its language is simple and there is no beauty at all, but the style is very desirable ... it has a need .. I don&#39;t know what it is but there is a need ... the idea is boring ... this is originally intended to be boring ... it is possible that it is in it that it simply reflects life as it is exactly ... she thought of my grandfather and my grandmother ..
A poor standard hotel. The view. The hotel lacks services and lack of arrangement
Cheap in price and quality. nothing. Bathrooms are very capacity and the brushes are generally not clean
The lesson is at the ends. The last pages of what preceded him, I used to close the book and walk, but I said, I see the other, the frankness shocked the idea, but the dialogue of love and talk is not very rigid.
The language of writing is sweet, but the digression of the writer is boring, so it is difficult. It is not possible for a margin to be needed from the frankness that caught my attention. The development of his personality erased in the end. The personality of Abd Al-Hamid was transformed so hard that I erased his character.
Some dreamy stories ... Professor Bahaa has a distinguished philosophical sense
The novel is a very big uproar, I don’t know the defect either, nor what, I don’t like the novels, in general, the novel that I like is the one that you can enter into the air, its feeling as if I lived through events with the heroes, which means: In the novel, I did not come to the sensation, and I did not understand what the message I wanted It is connected by the only good need is to upgrade the language somewhat from the Hebta language. I said I saw colloquially, but I don’t like to read a novel in vulgar colloquial language, and Hebta was like that, but the level of the Insta language is a better life.
Frankly, I hated Omar Taher after this book ... First of all, the book is a compilation of old articles before the revolution and most of the articles I liked, which I liked in the book, revolve the introduction and the rest of any words .. Second :. A long time ago, I used to read Omar Taher before the revolution, and he used to laugh with me in frankness, and most of his articles on the ball were singing about Prince, cinema, Mahmoud Yassin, and Malouche. Many articles on politics in general originally. I came from a period of no newspaper reading. You could not read the articles of Omar Taher in Tahrir, but know that he is certain, and you will not see the current situation. By the way, I’m Omri. I didn’t respect anyone, I was afraid. Because I’m debated. I’m sitting in a hospital under the quilt and in the middle of my family, and I want someone to revolt, criticize, and imprison, even if he doesn’t speak. He cursed and cursed. By the way, I am Mabtash ElBaradei, and there are no political elites and no other parties, all of whom hate them, thank God. We return to Omar Taher by saying that ElBaradei has lived in Egypt for five years, but for a year, and he does not know anything about the suffering of the poor. He does not know the wish of living and wishes for the metro ticket. He says that ElBaradei, his daughter, is dressed in a swimsuit, married, a Christian, and drinks wine with your wealth. This was not the criticism of the pyramids and the government’s hypocrites for ElBaradei. Criticized him for that or need to count Oh, no, but you do not know the metro ticket. Any words of frankness remain. Then, weird words say to you from the first to justify why ElBaradei is not useful to the presidency of Egypt. He says that Abdel Nasser because he was a son of Bustagi and Poor, so he knew the meaning of poverty and communicated with the people with an open chest. O uncle, you mean an open prison, an open prison, O uncle, your intention is the one who teaches to the poor that I am guiding you, and you and your children will love you. Then, he tells you that Sadat was a contractor of an aviation and a driver, and did not know what. Oh man, who meant Sadat of the Harami Intifada to break down the economy and made us a dependent country and a dog for America? We got rid of the talk on ElBaradei, Negi on Palestine:. Omar Taher says that he is happy with the decision to deport the British George Galloway from Egypt and that he is helping the Palestinians to build glory on our lap and that the aid convoy to the man came to help the Palestinians in the siege of Gaza has brought chaos to Egypt and that Omar Taher is pleased with the Egyptian security Aid to the Palestinians because of Omar Taher’s uncle, he tells you that Egypt is the owner of this house and that it is her right .. It means Mabsut from deporting the British to Jai helping the Palestinians who are dying because Egypt and Israel have surrounded her family and also told Mabsut that Egypt sided with the caravan on the track by selling the caravan because the aid is late and you are happy and she says right Ha .. And in another place, he tells you that Egypt, whatever you win the championship as the foundations of nations, there is a misfortune in the phrase and the death of a thousand Egyptians, and in the storming of the Palestinians Rafah .. Meaning the misfortune of the phrase remained like the misfortune of entering the Palestinians Rafah What is the reason for the mother of the siege to Egypt participation in it and do not die because you are excited The mother of the chaos or any concern .. And the rest of the articles have a little blood-burning needs. Omar Taher sympathized with Alaa Mubarak more than Gamal when he saw him in Match Masher. Burned are the two ethnicities, God willing, with their father and mother and their maternal aunt. He tells you that Hosni Mubarak is visible and that he is calling for him to recover, as he does for any extent. Oh uncle, my Lord dies from the dead, once dead, not once. We are all sick because of him, and he is the only one to his health, like the stage. But after the blood was burned by the writers of the book, I said no to what I did not want. Read for Omar Taher’s uncle, the new articles in the editorial newspaper headed by Ibrahim Essa’s uncle, to the fact that there was no hypocritical journalist .. .. articles of the two talents needed to respond to a simple criticism of the current situation and a strong article-worker with a strong thanks in Attia, not Adly Mansour, tells you, Hamden is a fighter, and he had to go to the elections, because this was a battle he had to fight, and he was not greedy in the positions, so he burned more dolls and closed
I expected it to be a wonderful novel, but I did not find it as well .. Neither the story is interesting nor the literary style is deep and there is no issue of expatriation of Arabs abroad raised in a neutral way, but with a lot of exaggeration that has no meaning.
. The staff of this wonderful hotel.
Perhaps if I had called the book my journal in housing it would have been more appropriate, its style is good and OK as a start ... It did not set clear-cut events but rather as hints and opinions or its perception of things, or an expression of feelings, its style is like a risk, it did not include events mostly, and it is like the style The new book that appeared recently, is interfering with the headlines, which is a word.
Very weak. I did not live in this hotel and did not find a reservation for me. I did not find my reservation in this hotel as the employee informed me that you do not have a reservation and transferred me to the next hotel and I advise anyone not to book in Makkah and Madinah via the bokings, so he will not acknowledge your reservation.
The first time I approved a novel for a contemporary Iraqi writer. The idea of the book is good, with a display of up to sixties, but the quantity of personalities and the extraordinary philosophical narration is both disturbing and disturbing. This evaluation is low, but the author’s description of Baghdad is not interesting and desirable. The description of Iraqi society is mixed and class at the same time, unfortunately, and the cover of the book is clash. You like this kind of drawing ...
I could give him two stars ... not because I completed it ... because the amount of repetition and feelings that are in it and the way to recount them ... Sentence before it gets rid. And even if they are short sentences ... in stronger words than the words in the book ... in a forum? In a blog ..?. Yes, you can read this book. As a book and calculated that I read it ..?. Sorry .. I do not recommend it. It is possible that the pages that you have read contain the most beautiful words
To me, his start was shocking. I never used such a rude and bold style of it .... biased a lot on the so-called progressive, freedom and modernity and he sees it as the cause of reaction, backwardness and moral collapse themselves. But also his point of view has some truth ... I liked eating some points with convincing objectivity. But in general I have many reservations about this book. I see that he is below standard when you consider that his writer is Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud
Worst hotels. . The air conditioning is very hot and the staff are not helpful
Very weak. Haram delivery service, early entry. The furniture was furnished and the dirt of the carpet and the sofa with narrow rooms, its level is less than two stars. However, the stars are classified.
disappointing . The hotel is new. The level of services provided is bad, there is no cleanliness of the rooms where I stayed nights and the room services did not clean, and the reason for that is that it is obligatory for me to be in the room until cleaning is done in addition to the small size of the room and the offense to put pictures in the bukking where I stayed in a room with beds and paid the price of that and unfortunately the room space for only one bed, which we can not move Inside it, in addition to the lack of cooperation of the reception staff with Al-Nuzla when a problem occurred, and we are satisfied with repeating only we are the staff and the subject is the director who is not available, despite my reservation for two family rooms and another room of four families, but the hotel refuses to give more than one card to open the door, which caused a lot of lack of Oasis. The small size of the bathroom, in addition to the inconvenience, due to the absence of insulators other than the walls.
Somewhat similar to the novel, Sunset Oasis, which the writer won the Arab Booker Prize, I mean the mixture of a married woman floundering in her dreams, a man impulsive to his emotions, antiquities, with the son of the country. Perhaps one of them says these are the components of the Egyptian novel, and the response is that the Egyptian society is rich in human patterns and characters that may inspire a writer the size of the novel&#39;s writer in other than this template .. The presentation of corruption did not come up with a new one, but the novel seems superficial, as most of what distinguished it is what was mentioned in a page on Revolution, revolution enemies, revolution protection, and corrective revolution path. I was very surprised and I pass by this description that matches the reality of Egypt today. Some of what I liked from texts and quotes :. Thousands of people are slapping every day, but few feel offended or angry. . It was not so small that he would pick the pleasure, nor was he too old to forget it .. Either I board their ship and we drown together, or I survive and see them drowning. When you decide to commit suicide, its time has already passed. What they save after that is not you but your body .. the revolution and the enemies of the revolution. Seeking justice is a disease, but it is the only disease that does not affect animals
A beautiful book, although there is more to it than knowledge in its style of literature, but it remains useful within the limits of its subjects
I do not recommend staying with it until it improves. Its location in front of the metro. The cleanliness and coolness of the suite without the ability to lock the air conditioner is very old furniture
OK, for the first part of the book. You are oppressed and you must be aware of the responsibility entrusted to you. In short, I mean. He thinks a lot of things are bizarre and strange to him, as if he was Ahmed Al Shugairi’s mini program. Arabic. Japanese. Of course, we do not deny the things that he criticized, but repeated, and all of them knew justice, inequality, education, honesty in the job, racism, of course, and the decade of honor ... etc. But his criticism from a loving person is like what he says. As for the second part, I liked it more than to introduce some Arab writers and their books. I thank him for that and some of the situations that happened with them. book&#39;s content:. Ego culture and other culture. Experiences and ideas: catastrophe of repression, scourge and lack of responsibility. The Palestinian issue, Aetos exit from the Palestinian cause. What you learned from the Bedouin culture. The cosmic world of Ibrahim. Abdul Latif Al-Allabi writing, repression and freedom. Youssef Idris, the way to know society in Egypt
disappointing. Proximity to the campus and providing buses. The cleanliness is poor, the quilts and blankets at the hotel are old and have an unpleasant smell that I requested a new alternative and my request was not met, although the rest of the hotels in Al Aseel group have their own quilts.
Many of Jumana&#39;s behavior provoked me..it is not the same innocence that tries to convince us. It was raised. The writer&#39;s style is more than wonderful, but he ended up aimless
Excellent . Yeah. Internet
A collection of short stories .. Her subjects did not attract me, despite the smoothness of her writer style
The book is light ... beautiful .. and simple ... it has beautiful gestures ... but not with the required depth ... We advised him a lot that it is one of the best books and that the writer is from the deepest book ... It is true that the writer has a terrible knowledge and I agree with every point And for his deep gestures ... However, the book as a whole is preaching in the traditional way ... There is nothing but confirmation of people&#39;s ideas and justification of their ideas ... A book that is useful for anyone who wants to give it to someone who has reached it and salvation ... I did not enjoy it as I expected even though I admired With a lot of terrible gestures ... like the world of corn .. reincarnation ... the immaterial world ... a small book and I advise those who do not read a lot to look at the book and read it ... but he did not search for knowledge so let him search About a different book
The story is light and cute and got rid in two hours. A need to read it and separate it from the complex books of the novel. What is not used are all spent in deep philosophical books. It is necessary to separate this kind of light and cute .. The young man reads it, enjoys it and learns from it, defends the need that he loves. For he considered it a sweet novel, and she simplified it while reading it
The first forty pages are enough for you .. it is the most beautiful .. of all the novel ..
Not marked with bubbles
Very weak. . There is always inconvenience, the length of stay is very, very, very bad
An old series ... bored, bored, stuffed, and so on. Why a page ?? ... while this limit can be reported on a page. The story is not new ... until the end of it, which is already expected, came about in a line. My first book by Dina Imad. Downloadable : . : //. . / / ...
To be honest, I was dazzled by the book. And whoever cuts what people were talking about, I was sure he liked it. And I said, Hadilah is less than a star. Although I do not like colloquial language for writing. But I said for sure, the ideas are the most important. True ideas at first. Nice and fairly new. Although her expression in Arabic was better. But after that. Even the ideas remained strange and boring. He is very opposed to many of them. Of course the book Malush is a name. It was the best of the cutieyear. But the second book was shocking him. I hope the next books will be better. And be in Arabic
It is not the type of books that draw you from the beginning .. It was the simplest thing that a person will pass them after the first page, for example. It seems realistic to a personality that exists in a struggle between principles and passion or passion, and every time the principles win, this is very utopian. . I am not feeling the utopian needs / people .. its end is similar to the old Arab films and it was not expected to be impressive. The method was a scenario, all dialogues most of the time. This is a good thing, given the description that I used to read like this once, so that it would reach me and often it would not be connected .. My favorite type is not pure from the novels.
I will not repeat the experience again. I did not like anything. Services and poor air conditioning
The worst place I went to. There is no. every thing is bad
The book is a nice and light idea, because I am a fan of simplified scientific books .. Unfortunately, I have never benefited from it because of the poor translation, which I have wronged a lot .. I think if I had read it in its original language or with a better translation I would have had another opinion.
The novel is a very repetitive idea .. I think that if we paralyzed the style of Alaa Al-Aswany, which makes you want to know everything, this idea will be very normal and pure ambition .. The life of the king and the idea of servants and their treatment like slaves and foreigners and some racism of them just because the color of their skin opened, for example: /. In a lot of needs that are not logical .. Like, for example, the personality of Mahmoud Elly, who is supposed to be the same as what the writer said in the first one his mind on Edde .. Despite this, he was at times looking for him a quantity of judgment that is not natural and his idea is to benefit him. Generally, the novel is like a whole, it does not contain any different need ... but a complete personality is what impressed me It remains in him in this world .. The two stars are countries in his star, including them for the whole but:
The style of the writer is the best in the novel. As for the story itself, it is normal, despite being full of events, some of which are incomprehensible and remained opaque until the end. I think I will read the second part. I am betrayed, so I do not think that it will provide me with anything new
Unjustified procrastination This film is one of the films that depend on the success of its first part and the extent to which its idea is accepted by a wide audience. As if it is a short film and reproduce it again after its scenario was stalled. As for the story of the movie, it starts with an agreement between Morrow and the ghost driver Johnny, where Morrow helps Johnny end his curse from that ghost who controls him, in return for bringing the child Danny to him, and it becomes clear later that Danny is the son of Satan Rourke, whose mother bargained for a former club by saving her from death for a meeting Carrying him a child who is his successor on the ground, although the idea of the film is almost interesting in itself, but its implementation, directed and presented to the public, appeared inappropriately with the film of his hero Nicholas Cage, one of the most prominent Hollywood artists, even the scenes in which he used the property that felt like Just announce the PlayStation game, as the end of the elephant The worst part came in it, when both Jani and Kriegen wrestled a little before the end, the conflict was interesting and almost compatible, but when Jani fought the devil himself, he did not receive even a single blow from him, even though Kriegen was one of the demon&#39;s soldiers who gave him the power to destroy things with just Touching it, how can the source of power defeat this logic without the slightest resistance. End It is not necessary to watch the first part in order to be aware of the events of this part, but if you watch it you will enjoy a lot about this defective part of my personal vision.
The last page of the page, Abbas appeared to them, separated me from the whole novel and from Amina, and I closed it from Ihsan himself.
Golden Tulip is a great chain, but a very bad example. First of all, there are two hotels called Golden Tulip in Saudi Arabia. The old airport road is good and this article is about the hotel on Sari Street. The name seems to be correct. The toilet was leaking all the water on the floor, it was not clean, there was no hot water and it was very noisy and there was no way to block the sound of the TV was not working. However, the staff was friendly and the room was very big. There is plenty of room for improvement .... if you can avoid it, you should stay somewhere else.
I did not expect to get bored when reading a book written by Mustafa Mahmoud ,, the book play is good for novice readers who have simple questions about heaven, fire, management and choice. As for the chapters after the end of the play, it is for those who love politics and those who have a good political background. And of course, I would rate one star because I do not belong to both categories
Among the most beautiful things I have read about the history of Afghanistan, this novel embodied the suffering of women under the Taliban in a distinctive style
I had decided to write something that would respond to Francis. But now .. And specifically, I now retracted my idea after I had finished one of the paragraphs. The time I will spend writing what I will write has ended half of the book God increases my revolutionary faith after a dose of revolutionary corruption that I lived here. This book with confidence I say .. Originally it does not rise to the level of a book .. We used to be a writer intellectually stable with a fixed opinion throughout the trip .. As for Damascus to come loaded with Beirut intellectual models and then accept them in Damascus .. I have erred in the compass and the path, my friend ... a day of pain in Damascus and do not remember the name of a martyr ... or even a thousand at the very least who were in the sins? Then, Anas Araut, the owner of the Salafi emirate in Banias, will become a witness, according to witnesses. I don’t know which pain are you talking about? Other than the ugliness that accompanied your description of the rebellious scene in Hama ... compared to the sleeping beauty of the Levant ... Then I mentioned the opposition, deserts, and the internal opposition conference and bidding on the outside ... I do not know where you are now after half of the interviewees were outside the Levant .. I do not know what The president is still wrong in the security solution, but President Kyot .. after Baba Amr? Trust me ... the system lost more when I forced you to leave ..
It didn&#39;t interest me, normal.
Weak. . The reception was treated very badly by the Filipino employee
The title is exciting, making you want to know the novel by talking about what ... but it was in the length and recurrence of events. Know it
First, I must speak about this great cover, because it crossed the best expression of the content of the novel to the extent that it outperformed the writer&#39;s style ... Among the lines that saves the Brotherhood and I think that it succeeded to a large extent in monitoring the behavior of this community enveloped mosquitoes like all over the world .... the writer excelled in a very large degree in the criticism of the Kuwaiti society and the obsession of a certain class of it with appearances which is also a class that must be met in any country created God .. .......... The novel is entertaining, you can read it after a popular book D or read it while you are traveling
I did not like it. It contained beautiful signs that were destroyed by other bad signs. I did not want to complete it until
disappointing. Close to the sanctuary on the side of the entrance to women. The hotel is not about the photos, the hotel needs maintenance, especially the bathrooms and sanitation
I could not complete the book. Maybe if I hadn&#39;t seen the series, which for me was heavy blood, I would have found it cute, but whenever I read it, I remembered the series and clogged myself.
I don’t know who I don’t understand, I don’t understand your nonsense… nor the trivial world that we live in. I gave a trivial character, as you are destiny:
disappointing. . I did not like the delay in cleaning the house, we did not receive it until five in the afternoon, while at the time of departure, they shook us from noon to leave.
A very ordinary book, and it is not in the image that I had imagined ... The edition is costly in a way that feels you.
Very weak. Nothing but the sea Everything is old and very annoying
Two stars for some of those whose stories are mentioned in the book, while others do not deserve one of them to be mentioned either because, in my opinion, he did not rise a difficult elevator and did not achieve what the common people could not achieve and there are those who do not deserve to be mentioned with praise even; as someone who calls himself a crocodile, unless we consider Obscenity, obscenity, perversion, and passing sexual inspiration to viewers, who are mostly young, of creativity and art. I expect Dr. Abdullah will regret the time he spent writing this book, or at least some of those mentioned in his book.
The seventh meeting with Coelho. A manuscript found in Acre is not a novel. It is a collection of quotes on love, life, hope, sincerity ... etc. It is similar to advice that Paulo poured into a simple narrative framework. Language is modest, very simple, free of creativity and moving pictures. I did not blend in with the book though there are nice quotes. But it seems as if it is directed to those who do not have a view of life or to those who were unable to understand the points around which the universe revolves .. only two stars. Coelho is better than doing this.
A very, very boring book of the highest degree, except for the penultimate chapter, in which I talk about the numbers about the Egyptian economy before the British occupation of Egypt. Really amazing numbers, for example, the total agricultural lands in Egypt were about. A million acres, and the number of the Egyptian people was almost the same number, meaning the citizen&#39;s share of agricultural production, an acre of whole land. Also, a big difference between imports and bras before the occupation. Imports were only one third of the bumper. . Other than this, the book is boring and not neutral at all. He mentioned that Talaat Harb had a great criticism without explaining this criticism or the point of view of his critics and he responds to it except in the last two papers he said, taking only the first one, and he personified it Bank of Egypt in the person of Talaat Harb’s preferred over the head of the bank Unfortunately, twenty years there was no number in the bank. This is a doctor and an economist who studied economics in Europe and obtained a doctorate. I think from Paris and contributed greatly to its development. The idea of the bank and its founding.
The hotel is very uncomfortable and annoying. There is nothing beautiful. Total inconvenience throughout the hotel and the crowdedness of the place
Very weak. . The resort is worn out, the walls cracked, and the floor is dirty, what I would recommend forever
disappointing. The location is close to the vital area and provides services, underground parking. Disturbing neighbors as a result of the rooms not being isolated, the external inconvenience, the smell of smoking is transmitted between the rooms through the skylight, and is harmful, especially during the day in Ramadan. I am denied a discount that the person who offers a business card gets because I booked through the. Note that I booked at the same price.
The story itself is good. But the details and that the novel flips a little Cinderella&#39;s story and flips a little Arabic film this is not admired in the novel. ,, I felt that I could hear the original story from the heroine of the novel itself, without the stuffing left, but without unnecessary
So normal . There is no. There is no apartment board that I am tired of looking for
In short the cover attracted me and the content shocked me
Bad housing. . Not suitable for families and the night club is very annoying because we can&#39;t sleep
I will not go back to him again. I did not like anything. Everything in it is bad in terms of hygiene, as the bathtub was very dirty, breakfast is not diverse, room lighting is weak, furniture is old, and for the site is far from the entrance to the women’s door and away from restaurants and the market, even the staff is uncooperative, especially someone whose name is fair, and its price compared to its services is very expensive
Unfortunately, I felt that I did not find anything to write, so it was deeper in analyzing the personality ... Unfortunately, Madash, the friend, may God be pleased with him, is right in this book. I expected more ... The genius of Muhammad, peace be upon him, was much better and much more information.
Very weak. nothing. Housing is wrong
Not a beast. But the same idea was consumed too much in too many novels. It can be somewhat boring sensuality
A lot of reviews talked about how wonderful the book is and the different way in which it talks about Ramadan and accordingly I built very high expectations and found it normal. Most of what is in the book, I really believe in it, so the book did not add anything to me, unfortunately, as the book contains a lot of repetition and it can be summarized in a simple paragraph: Ramadan is not only fasting for food or commitment to the five prayers and Tarawih prayer and reading part of the Quran every day Rather, Ramadan should be a new birth that the individual must commit to the whole age ... I loved the passage in which he spoke about people dedicating a day to reading a part of the Holy Qur’an; the individual should not allocate part of us to each day or the month is subject to mathematical operations and tables, but rather it must He unleashes himself and reads whatever he wants as much as he wants, I strongly agree with him about this I add to it that reading is not enough, so an individual must be accompanied by his reading of the Qur’an an interpretation from which he will read and understand the meanings of the noble verses, so how many of us read the Qur’an without understanding its meanings? Or without thinking or doing what was stated in it? By the way, the book is good for those in school.
I could not complete it. I know that it is strange to evaluate a book for the great magician in this way, but I am far away from my evaluation of the person as much as my evaluation of the situation that we have reached. We can no longer read this type of book under the shadow of everything we see. The writers wrote about the same topics and competed, whichever of his words became more severe and ridiculed, we will not change. We have been judged to live under the curse of the character of the da’d as soon as one of us pronounces it until he knows what he expects from the grief and bitterness .. If only he would not have tortured themselves and wasted their time writing all of those books and literature if Muhammad returned Maghit again will rip all books He regretted it, but we did not deserve it. If he came back to see his plays, he would understand that they had no benefit except that they became dedicated to the show on the first day of the holiday. We laugh and cry, then we change the channel as if nothing happened .. Yes, I will betray my country.
It is not possible to estimate expectations at all: / ....... The method is very normal, not very pure, and neither is the language .... It is not possible to estimate the position of the imposed writer ..... Even the idea of the novel is not new .... but it is possible to compensate With a good template that replaces the body of this ... but even that it will not exist .... It means familiar to the farthest extent, and there are molds that are better than the idea.
disappointing. The hotel is acceptable, eating is good, sleeping is good. I arrived at the hotel at eight in the evening and asked the receptionist to extend the checkout time until four in the afternoon and he told me this will be done and he did not tell me that staying for the fourth hour means half a day and therefore I did not sleep early for the early departure and was terribly annoyed Through reception calls despite my request for a half-day extension, which was worth riyals.
An uncomfortable pilgrim. . Lobby crowds and elevators Some reception staff did not keep their promise to fight
The book is a collection of articles by Al-Maslamani before and after the revolution. Most of the articles are considered columns and not articles that do not bring new things. They are short, one of which does not exceed two pages, so the idea does not take its right to write. The subject matter of the articles is separate, even if it appears related to his articles, on the attempt to establish what the new historians have called to reconsider the contemporary history of Egypt, and to write it in a manner that creates confidence in the souls of its children without distortion or falsification. It is a good idea that I consider worthy of implementation. Of course he does not deserve to be a bestseller at the Book Fair, but his fame for his first edition program is the reason
The novel in its entirety is good, but in many things it is very difficult to understand, but it is full of many details. It made me feel terrible boredom and I read it
Very weak. . The reception is poor
Very weak. nothing. Hotel services are not good
The worst hotel I have ever lived in. Previously rated the worst. Previously rated the worst
As is my habit with the books I am browsing, which I did not acquire for a study, or for a specific topic, but I acquired it just for reading, I finish it very quickly ... The book as it appears to me talks about the crises taking place in the Islamic nation in this era, focuses largely on what happened in Egypt during the era of colonialism and what After him .. The book was not specialized in a specific subject, so he focused on it, but he talked about the concerns of the nation as a whole, especially with the Western materialist wave.
An interesting book, Thoughts on Life, and a collection of reflections by the writer.
Easy . The communication site is completely only.
I don’t know why I didn’t enjoy this book, maybe there are very good poems, but the repetition of topics is constant throughout the diwan. Repetition of rhymes over and over again.
A trip with friends. Nothing was a very bad experience and I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Give us a card for each room, even though I am two people in the rooms. The internet is not free in the rooms. Bad treatment at reception, especially from the reception manager, where the problem did not solve for us. The inconvenience in the rooms and all bars and night clubs. The reception manager, where the problem did not solve the inconvenience to us in the rooms, and all bars and nightclubs: Give us a card for each room, even though there are two people in the room. The Internet is not free in the rooms. Its bars and clubs, followed by
The worst hotel. . Worst reception staff were never cooperative and regarding some requests I was contacting them and telling me that they would respond to me but they did not respond and did not give me bonuses to members of Gunness at the reception and their treatment was very rude and everything in the hotel is bad
The expansion in the imagination of the dialogues by the prophets in the second play The ancient house contains a kind of legitimate transgression, which is not permitted by the noble purpose in writing the play. I liked nothing but God, Omar, and the rest of the plays I felt truncated and technically weak. And I feel that this book is one of the first to be written in much
There is nothing wrong with you, Fatima:. For some reason, I was feeling ecstatic with the beginning of Buthaina&#39;s novels and ending. In this novel, I missed that euphoria and only poetry lived it ... the most beautiful of the novel is literary messages and I think it was suitable to be a prelude to the novel
disappointing. The location and its proximity to the Noble Sanctuary. Bad internet, services, room service, poor, congested parking
I read this novel from four years ago, for example, its senses are old, I feel like it was with a film on the movie “The House of Teenage Girls”. I see that the narration method was supposed to be different because we had a second time .. My opinion is that the dialogues were supposed to be in colloquial .. Frankly do the antique template
Very weak. There is nothing that I liked and was surprised by those who commented that it was a hotel in the first place. Hygiene is almost non-existent, bad smells and insects
It could be better than that. Many details are unnecessarily boring
Not clean and very bad service, which offers expired and disgusting, in addition to the boredom that affects you from the indifference and slow movement enjoyed by the waiters and the owners of the cafe
A beautiful novel, perhaps nice, but certainly not great ... It lacks something unless I know what it is yet
I hope to provide convenience to the customer. Yes, breakfast is good, and items are available in reasonable quantity. There are no people at the reception. The hotel does not have parking. There is no hot water in the bathroom. There is no internet in the room
The writer&#39;s style is provocative, tiring, and repetitive for the same previous works I never liked
Do not book in it not at all as it is dirty and the food is shocking, the area is scary and deserted ... the rooms are old and stinking and rusty, and we are in the middle of a construction site or garbage and although I do not like to give a negative character about any work that seeks progress, I cannot Let my worst enemies reside in it
Bo generosity. Large spaces for the room and location, not just. The room went to try to change the rooms were rejected
Bad . . The value is very high against the standard of the hotel
Not bad . Restaurant and health club decor and breakfast. The non-smiling staff treat them as if they were not volunteering or initiating the service even if you were carrying your bags
The novel of the blue elephant. Not a novel as much as it is an expression of terrible sexual problems and suppression by the writer. A novel that is totally unfit for an Egyptian and eastern society. Sexual expressions and hints on every page that has a red face, that is, there is no blood, except for the presence of terms and reasons for the utter lack of literature ... In addition to many faults and gaps in the story, and the many chapters of the writer, Maaref shuts it down. From the literature of the two nations, it remained a market language, not colloquial and sick fantasies .. In my opinion, the only need that the writer succeeded is that he dictates a page of nonsense
... Regardless of the boring philosophical aspect, I loved the idea of the future message and the retrieval of memories, the story is largely philosophical and intimate in terms of the task of searching for the orange girl and the writer of the message for his son before he dies and talking about the telescope, the universe, existence and departure, and mixed Between mind and emotion well .. In response to John Olaf&#39;s answer to his son:. I would definitely choose life no matter how short I am.
A boring story and artificial events take the reader to the unreal world of fantasy, which for me is one of the worst types of fantasy. I do not favor the writer who descends to the level of the audience so I want this, but I appreciate a little vitality and realism in love stories. Also, I would enjoy the novel and approach its heroes if the dialogue was in colloquial language
Very weak. . Failed hotel in the full sense of the word, no cleanliness, no interest in toilets ... very bad insulators. The room in Jambi, I hear their thoughts, and everything becomes in the room.
Weak. the bed. Inconvenience, slow response by the crew, no delivery of rooms to the rooms from the restaurant, generally not worth even a hundred dirhams.
Unfortunately I read it. Interesting but revolting, including expressions outside
Praise to Allah, Lord of the Worlds. The book by Turkish writer Orhan Pamuk. The book is beautiful, but not inspiring. The Egyptian General Book Authority, which is not one of the best creations of Pamuk, was issued. Adam Zehny
Actually, I do not advise anyone to go there, no place, no service, and no taste. I seek refuge in God
All are similar stories. Maybe if I was younger I would have liked it
I read this book upon nomination from my uncle. This book is useful to at least balance the image .. I am not a Nasserist but I respect Abdel Nasser from the angle of being a man with a clear and ambitious project .. The book sheds light on important figures on the economic situation of Egypt during and after the rule of Nasser, and he corrects the common image that says that Leaving the country in ruins, all with documents from the World Bank itself .. Personally, I have never been convinced that Haykal has dealt with the issue of torture in prisons. Imprisonment, this is a funny thing, as if the issue has no criminal problem .. Perhaps this is it The biggest grief that I will have regarding the era of Abdel Nasser, which failed to accept any justification for it .. I understand the justifications, but I do not accept them or I am absolutely convinced of them. The same thing in the cases of nationalization and guards .. Heikal spoke with some generalization in it, but he did not mention provocative cases, for example, the nationalization of Egypt Phone.
Weak. . There is no hot water in the toilet
disappointing. But swimming pool, was it okay? Disturbing voices Disco I did not sleep every night I was sitting head I was exploding What was the trip I was torment The last time any second time even if it was free of charge I rate stars
The first fiction I read for the novelist Alwan. My first impression of the story that was shaped by the events is still the same feeling I feel at the end of my reading; the story is so strange that you can jump from imagination to another field to enable us to realize it, in short and without the philosophy of the story is strange.
disappointing. Absolutely nothing. The price is high for bathroom services. No shattaf. The women&#39;s club is closed on Fridays only. It is available for men. The price of the breakfast is very exaggerated and the lunch buffet is not worth the value.
Rikik style, unfortunately I bought the three parts, which means that they despised them
Cheap and cheerful Cheap hotel on the back. A few minutes walk from Luxor Temple. The rooms are outfitted very basic. Only a few rooms have ensuites. The rooms do not have much, only two twin beds and a small chair. There are two bathrooms shared in each floor. The hotel is bustling with noise, as the mosque is a few meters away. The fan in the room did not clean during the four days I stayed there, but I was not expecting this anyway. And the laundry was done at a reasonable price. Don&#39;t expect much, and a feature is the free Wi-Fi.
A book called Goodbye, boredom ... Understand what you are? .. Understand that if you were bored, you would read this book and it would be relaxed for you .. I was just like you .. Until you read the book .. The book aims to connect you to a state of boredom that you hate boredom .. which exceeds its severity and turns against it .. This is the purpose of the book. Bored to the point that you will be tired of the many boredom in it .. A star for the first page sold and one star for another for a page .. And the rest of the book God forgives and has mercy on you, Uncle Anis .. As usual the title of the book is in one hand and its subject is in the second time at all
Not suitable. There is no. The receptionist Yaqoub does not know how to deal with clients, as well as is not cooperative and does not want to do any service for the customer. The towels and the bed is not clean.
Anis Mansour has gone beyond the logic and rationality limit, he is a journalist and the mission of the journalist is the intimidation of an imaginary subject on which the book of the director of the series “The Coming Persons” series runs until the book of the conspiracy and so on… The curse of the Pharaohs is like the topic of the pyramids ..? Are they Al-Alamaqa and the sons of Aad ... or who built the pyramids of aliens, and other people who promote that the Egyptian and Sumerian civilization was highly advanced..Everyone knows that the pyramid of Khufu, for example, continued to build for a year and more, and where is the progress ..? If you know that there is a skyscraper in China within one year, it is only twice the complexity of the pyramids. And the use of more than half a million citizens to build a grave and the death of more than a thousand and a half slaves ... all the fools are denied .. the curse of the Pharaohs is an unrealistic media imagination possible cases of death due to a medical reason, but not a delusion and they .. books is the curse of the pharaohs evidence that the pharaohs arrived to a means to kill Anyone in a place that you would expect when we turn the page writes that when they opened the tomb of Queen Nefertiti, they found a whole set of the Givenchy collection and not Lancon. For makeup, you have to believe that they were advancing ... The Egyptian civilization is an ancient civilization that did not originate from a vacuum, but its roots extend to six thousand years. The civilized renaissance did not come from a vacuum but rather an inevitable result of the progress of civilization, humanity and development .. He called you from the myths of amusement and you know that no one descended from the sky but the opposite is true. The second part of the book on the topic of Zen and Sufism is not normal .. ..
It was not as I expected. . The room rate is overrated and differs from what is shown on the site
A book of the type that I can get rid of at the base, and I hope her blood is light and playful, despite my reservations on some of her points of view, but she is a writer.
You are boring, Akkad .. The part is boring, unlike the genius of Muhammad. In many places, I felt that I had no words to say, so I would exchange her with his linguistic ring. His method of analysis, such as The Book of the Life of Christ, is dependent on monitoring the intrinsic personality, as if he lived through it, not with it, and it is a serious risk, since all of his analyzes are based on this basis. What is not up to the inner personalities, and he prefers psychoanalysis. This is a kind of luck. Not to mention, because I love Zee’s book, and since we all share one vision of facts and facts, we need to share the same emotion and passion as the writer, in order to adapt the facts to these psychological analyzes .. The truth is that personality Abu Bakr Al-Siddiq was not old Inspiring me or provoking my curiosity, for example Omar or Ali, and this friend indicated to him that Abu Bakr Al-Siddiq was a conservative follower, while Omar is renewed, so Omar deserves the capacity of genius for its relationship to innovation, not conservatism and followers. This is an innate nature instinct, your tendency to innovate regenerator is greater than your conservative tendency. There was an important and strange point to which Akkad referred to about his personality, which is that his actions, his love for the Messenger, and his belief in him are its source. His love for the championship. Al-Aqqad considered it to be the key to his personality, who measured all his actions and behaviors. He believed in the message of the Prophet because he admired the heroism, and his admiration for the Prophet is his admiration for the heroism, strange in the analysis of the Akkad. Abi Bakr .. For all these reasons, the book is a fan of ours, and I would have preferred to stop at history and facts ... Because I was so eager to read the genius of Omar, and I have certain that I like it.
disappointing. Its proximity to the campus. There is no Wi-Fi except in the lobby, very consumed furniture and bad smell, the buffet is bad
The novel as a literary work, the dragon&#39;s expression as a sweet political novelist. How is that? I understand you: the novel is revolving in light of various political events and explains the relationship between it in the way of the world with the dimensions of the situation and its parties and the relations of its parties to each other. Therefore, the first quarter of the novel is beautiful and interesting, but the rest of the novel is from people and the explanation of their dimensions and their position is bad and weak .. I mean almost now my conviction that Izz al-Din Shukri Fasheer is a writer He is not a novelist or we can say the technical dimension of his novel is still / while his political experience is great and he is looking forward to explaining relationships and events and building a good structure for his novels, but weak in explaining the people and the drama.
The hotel never rises in price comparison. I only like the roominess. The services are very bad even though we paid so the internet was very bad. I asked them to clean my room but they did not
The language of the novel is OK, but its topic is far from realistic, as the writer has collected all possible contradictions in a woman&#39;s personality.
It might be unfortunate that you enter the page of this book on Good Reds, you find that it is the largest number of people in his village, his valley, Reet and rural areas. It is unfortunate that the book like this is famous for itself and it reads and even downloads a book. It is unfortunate that in the printing presses, they are tired of themselves and cost themselves to see an elegant edition of a book whose value and words are less than a little bit more. What do you think the secret is? No one said to Ronda&#39;s argument that the secret she said was that we know him. What is new in this book? The different way of explaining the ideas that already exist? The rest of the book is the pinnacle of absurdity, superficiality, and superfluous, i.e., any existence in reality. What is this dementia? The first time I read a book so hard I feel it is not worth it to be published
Weak. . The price is very expensive, and I started to tamper with the price of the reservation in Bukakin and paid an increase
The first book I read by Abd al-Rahman Munif I enjoyed in places and others that made me alienate them, I did not like the vocabulary and the excessive language in description, I am talking about God, this is somewhat miserable to me
In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. And prayers and peace be upon our master Muhammad. My opinion about the book in short in short sentences :. It is natural for the book to be with this lack of information, and it is not normal for it to gain this undeserved fame. In the book evil wins over good in one way or another. He strongly advocates that the ruler be hypocritical for everyone around him so that he can rule, and this is unfortunately what we find in most rulers today. It does not contain the desired benefit as it is considered a historical book rather than a scientific one. Attractive amount of titles can seduce any ruler to apply them and get a country that is looted and plundered of its goods. I can now put the writer in a certain group and call it the Book of Sultans. The end does not always justify the means
Amount without services. The place is clean and free of nightclubs and wines and provides an acceptable and kind breakfast. The price is high for nothing. The price is tonight riyals after the discount. We were two people and a baby. The swimming and hygiene supplies are very few. A box of shampoo, conditioner, soaps, etc. on one of the three big fingers for us. The three do not renew unless they end up as well.
disappointing. . Reception is poor after the reservation, and the phone was drunk with my face
Excerpts from the Book of the Arabs, a Japanese viewpoint by writer Nobuaki Notohara. . In the Arab countries, tension covers the street ... extreme tension, which you expect to stop at any moment .. This tension causes people to exchange aggressive outlooks, and the tension of the city itself increases more and more. . I have seen crowded buses running while passengers hang about windows and doors. He wants people to ride at all costs, and in this hectic crowd, many men and women forget the modest behavior that Islam requires as Muslims. . The first thing that I discovered in Arab society is the absence of social justice, and this means the absence of the basic principle upon which people depend ... which leads to chaos. Under conditions of lack of social justice, human rights are at risk, and therefore the individual becomes fragile, temporary, and inactive without effective because he is always treated without appreciation for his value as a human being .. This imposes surprising me that they use the word democracy a lot. . Arab society is preoccupied with the idea of one style, similar to one ruler, one value, and so on. Therefore, people are trying to unify the forms of their clothes, homes, and opinions .. Under these circumstances, the independence of the individual, his privacy, and his differences from others dissolve. . People in the Arab world are behaving with the issue of the political prisoner as an individual issue, and the prisoner&#39;s family alone has to face its burdens that this is one of the most dangerous manifestations of a lack of responsibility. . In a society like ours, Japanese society adds new facts, while the Arab is content to restore the facts he has discovered in the distant past. . Repression leads to the destruction of national wealth, the killing of innocents, and the deviation of power from the right path and the continuation of wrong practices constantly. . I believe that freedom is the door to production, communication and a noble life, and for this reason I see oppression as a permanent disease residing in the Arab world. . It is important to understand the part in its relationship with the surrounding and its connection to this environment .. It is not permissible for us to cut the part of its context .. Rather, we have to follow the topic in its parallel series of chains .. This indicates the need to understand the relationships .. and to understand the communication against cutting or fragmentation and in Time is running out. We have to confirm clearly that there is a beginning to understand from the tangible physical input. . It is important that we accept the values of other societies as they are without distorting or depreciating them in light of our own values. We must therefore see other societies as they are and accept them as they are. . When the press and the police play an effective role in pursuing all forms of breaking the law ... it is difficult for anyone to survive if he commits a crime, whatever it is .. for nothing protects him from the law if he is guilty. . Arab society in general is not prepared to educate and strengthen talent. . The Arab man has two values, one at home and one in public life .. The Arab man at home insists that his value be bent and raised to control and leadership .. As for public life, he behaves according to his abilities, features, type of work, and these two contrasting aspects often result in countless forms of hypocrisy Deception and oppression. . Confidence is not imported, but it is vested in the soul and grows with the care of the whole society. . Man is ultimately an issue. . The life of the Bedouins warns us that we are drowning in consumer life and open our eyes to the need to review our lives and the need to consider with a critical mind questioning the ways of life that dominate our societies. . Nature can physically destroy a person, but it cannot demoralize him. . Whoever does not find a creed anywhere ... can find it in the desert. . We usually represent ourselves and do not face it decisively .. Therefore our lives may end without knowing who we are. . The tragedy that occurs to you is not considered an exceptional exceptional that belongs to you alone .. It is necessary that you consider your tragedy in relation to the tragedies of others .. If you compare, you will know that your diamonds are not absolute and not exceptional .. Then you can see them in their relativity and you can face them calmly.
Very weak. Nothing, and I will not return to him again. Unfortunately, he is named after Movenpick. The furniture is worn out / the pool is dirty / the presence of many insects / mosquitoes everywhere / the smell of the beach is foul / there is no interest in the customer when my request from the reception changed the chalet for a new chalet The furniture requested an increase in riyals / towels old and worn out / advice to God: the chalet never deserves the amount paid in it and will not I come back again to this resort and I absolutely do not recommend the blame on Mövenpick International for not following it to this resort that bears this ancient name
Good but I didn&#39;t like it and didn&#39;t like it. Good for Marquez&#39;s ability to craft all this number of characters and address the history of an entire city from the moment she was born to the moment she disappeared and erased it from the face of the earth. And I didn&#39;t like it because I hate the boring narration that Marquis used in this novel. I used to push myself through reading a push and coercion to complete it .... The names are so similar that when I arrived in the middle of the novel, I no longer knew who the son of? .. or who was his brother? The line of characters is completely lost from my mind. And also, this huge amount of fornication that is dealt with with all this simplicity and all this acceptance, which I did not accept .... Despite all the analyzes that are said about the novel, I am really not able to convince that this novel has an idea of what you want to convey to the mind of the reader ... an idea of value Can stick to it. Almost half a million reviews and reviews of the novel are on its page here on the site. Low rating like this evaluation of course will not affect. :
Is this novel really won the Booker ????. I did not read the full list..but I certainly did not imagine that the novel would be like this ... I do not know whether the defect was in it or in me, from which I did not understand anything..without a pile of political information that seemed interesting and then turned into a series of political boredom ... and scenes do not Stating anything. And how much I pressed myself just to see the conclusion of this torment..and I had already sealed it ... Special thanks to Giovanni&#39;s music..who was able to absorb my anger and alleviate the tragic impact of this reading
It is not sweet, somewhat artificial. But you don&#39;t deserve all the insults that this has.
I have a problem with boring solicitation in the description, and a bigger problem with historical narratives, which are not available. It remains a historical book, and you do not get that it is a novel, so you prefer something in the text between the two.
I do not like linguistic hacking, in general John the Crazy was the most beautiful and the verses of Gibran were about justice. And justice in the earth, the jinn cries if they hear ... about him, and the dead people laugh at looking. Imprisonment and death for the offenders if they are young ... and glory, pride and enrichment if they grow up. The thief of the dice is blameless and despised ... and the thief of the field is called the valiant danger. And the body killer is killed by his action ... and the spirit killer does not know it with humans
The hotel is bad. Proximity only. The rooms are very, very small for what we saw in the pictures on the Poking site. Furniture and beds are very old, worn out, and rugs are moldy
I found him a boring book, and repetition of it is unreasonable .. The problem and calamity in such books is that people associate her love of the book with her love for the Sheikh, so if you hated the book, you hated the Sheikh, and if you hated the Sheikh they took you out of the denomination.
Prices, prices, yes, prices are high, and the small coffee is what you, Mr. Shibili
This question is dangerous, ambiguous, and sometimes even shocking, which is why we write? The book is very good, as it presents the point of view of some writers regarding the writing itself, how they write, what their rituals are, how their feelings are, why they write, and some other writing questions .. The idea of the book itself is really cool. I always asked myself this question, why do I write? I had paid my answers as a personal case, my own. I was always eager to know the feelings of other writers, and do they feel this mess while writing? Do they feel lost and addictive? .. The answer in this book was dispersed, and this is very natural, and very intuitive. :. I wished that the participating authors would be more popular, for example, at Isabel Allende, for example, and if this was at the expense of reducing the number of the book and their experiences, then the priority is always to the strength of the writer and his empowerment and success in proportion to the abundance of his production and the outcome of his readers .. The talk of most of the book if it did not transfer all, was short and short. The salary, we do not see a deep and focused hadith that corresponds to the enormity of the topic. The book looked like fast food that does not fatten or sing from hunger .. I feel and I may be wrong that such a type of book is written for publishing and producing material sold in the other in the market and reaping material benefits, either Her table and her mosque are too much polished, huh He takes the step of distributing and publishing .. I did not like the way the collection of writing from the tongues and experiences of this quantity collected many writers. I read.
If this were our first meeting, I would have put it in a clear conscience in the book list. I would not read them again. The writer, when he talked about women, was suffering from an enlarged chromosome. . Or what is called Mr. Se Syndrum. The woman distracts her and belittles her with a clear mule, and he forgets to honor her with her and the commandment of his Messenger, may God bless him and grant him peace. When he spoke about life, he disagreed with him on many points of view, and we did not agree on anything but a little. I did not find as many beautiful quotes as I used to do with his other books
Weak. Bad treatment. Small situations, I don&#39;t find what the delivery piston changes appointments
The first reading of Ghazi Al-Gosaibi .. I discovered it hours ago on the site and I do not know why I read it immediately electronically. I did not understand the significance of the short, recurring love story of this meaning. For example, in terms of the deep love story and betrayal, it does not approximate the jasmine collar of the lame-wounding, which carries the idea of homeland, love and passion in spite of treachery .. It never captivated me, and I do not know why I originally read it
One of the worst things I&#39;ve ever read in my life ...
Cleanliness is zero. Nothing hated the hotel from the worst nights I had. The place is not clean. An unpleasant smell in the place, or what we got the bed in. Small insects were pinching us all night and causing us allergies .. An uncomfortable night is never forbidden by four stars
Very bad hotel. . Air conditioners are very hot, which are not in operation. Cleanliness is not necessary. There is no alternative solution for hotel employees.
Weak. Comfortable bedding. The view is bad, towels are their smell to serve the restaurant, its tiredness and the staff are very expensive. In exchange for the breakdown, you need to walk with your funky kilos in the street so you can get a taxi. The room is small.
The novel is beautiful, Youssef Al-Fadel, who excelled in the description a lot, but it came in excess of the limit to the extent that bored in the same reader, a poem that the end came a little fabricated.
Bad . uncooperative. Bad reception
I don&#39;t understand the end. I don&#39;t understand what happened in the end. On the whole, I admire you, like Hepta, and his leanness, a lot of desires and many words that enter between the dialogue and its frustration .. the story is nice, but you do not need all this prolongation. But in the end, it struck me so much and I did not understand it
Unfortunately I could not finish the book, despite my continuous attempt. I do not know why I am not in tune with this book. Is it the writer&#39;s style? Or touched on topics that I did not find suspense or what requires reading? Or I choose for you the time to read it
A great writer, his writing skill is a clear thing and the depth of representation of the idea of tyranny through points to thank him, but compared to many who have suffered suffering I do not find that it is a similar effort to them, many worked, wrote, organized and worked, but that the point between the planets and others is that it is a tendency of westernization has something inherent As if the West is a method for us, wrong information and that tyranny in the West is better than the Eastern tyrant. Reading it indicates the intensity of reading but age D that a caliphate with the Ottoman Empire did not make him memorize the identity of the state and the caliphate, but he resorted to nationalism .. I wrote other notes when returning to the book, I will write it, God willing.
A disappointing novel. A page of female wealah between a traitorous husband and a despotic lover. High-heroine is a typical female model who sympathized with her when she was under the control of a ruthless husband, but to return the ball and submit to a lover is not worse than the husband, so what is this madness? Do you need two slacks to wake up, is the first not enough? . A novel about a woman, like a phoenix, rises from the ashes and breaks the shackle. A novel about a woman who has found it difficult to burn herself over and over again.
I wish they did. Everything is bad. I did not like anything
disappointing. . The pictures in the Albuquerque do not represent the reality and the price is exaggerated, and the reception staff and hotel workers treated very badly, this is the first and the last visit
Very weak. . I booked this hotel through the Al-Bukank and I am at the reception of the hotel and I went out of the hotel and I went and slapped the hotel in which I live in Dammam and when I came to this hotel they refused to hand me the room because there is a delegation from a Saudi Federation and there is no possibility and I called the Albukking and told them the situation that happened to me and to be honest The Albuquerque staff is very cooperative, contrary to the management and reception of the hotel, who even did not make any apologies, God willing.
Bad handling and lack of credibility. The group is poorly treated and how they can separate one family by placing each son in an independent role, despite their assertion that the rooms are adjacent ...
boring . Then bored. Then bored. The problem is that the copy with the paper and the edition of the General Book Authority within the project of the family library and violin after the revolution, I mean, I do not understand or understand how to lose money on something like this in a million preliminary books with money, oh people.
Normal enough to be annoyed .. Paper in extreme bad form .. Text very directly affected by poetic themes that were consumed a lot ... frustrating work ..
Very weak. nothing. The hotel, by all standards, does not match the status of the Booking.com.com website because the hotel is bad in all its standards.
Frankly, you did not know whether his star Adela or not. The book in general is very ordinary. The book shown. But I don&#39;t think there is anything new. A very ordinary book and fairy tale that I can use
Weak. The site is very close to the campus .. the level of services needs improvement in performance and speed to respond to guest requests.
The book is modest and offers something new or useful, it is written from the point of view of a tourist and not a researcher. The writer spent forty years studying the Arab culture, and he lived many of those years in more than one Arab country, however his analysis is superficial and very simplistic .. The writer wrote this book in Arabic, and says that it is directed to the Arab reader, but in reality I find it It is directed to the ordinary Japanese reader who intends to take a tourist trip to the Arab desert .... The lines of the book are confused, and there is no major topic, as he sometimes criticizes the culture of repression and the lack of national responsibility in the Arab countries, and again he jumps to the analysis of the literature of Ghassan Kanafani, In another chapter, he explains the symbols in the works of Abraham, the universe, etc. The book deserves more than two stars
I fell in love with a virgin .. I get goose bumps every time her name is mentioned. I read it four days ago and I still cry whenever I remember that Batoul was going to die an old woman who did not know God the right to know and did not distinguish between humans and God. She would have died without perpetuating her name ... like any Christian of the percent present in Jordan. On her bed .. Among her grandchildren .. She is placed in her coffin and the heir of that priest reads verses from the Bible in the church to comfort her soul. But she chose to know the truth, to show it, to be patient until the last breath, and to be a sign for Muslims before others that the word of God in the hearts has always been stronger than our names and classifications in our personal identities. She died by the side of the tree stained with her pure blood .. crowned with the kinds of torture she received .. Smiling for those on the other side waiting impatiently for her. I do not deny that I hated the Muslims who permitted the blood of Murad .. and the Christians who crucified Saleh .. and the uncle of Batoul who was a dumb demon .. mute his scream and that it resounded but went in the wrong direction .. in the face of air and not in the face of the oppressor. I created Dr. Ayman .. I was creative in bringing me back to Islam again .. and let me think again .. and in making me sure that the tolerant Islam is a blessing even if it is not in its time and its place. Created to make me virgin. Thanks
Unsuccessful. . The services operator in the lobby was very badly treated and I will not live in the future in Sheraton
Very weak. . The breakfast buffet is always crowded
Ghayb talks about the conditions and lives of the residents of Amara in the middle of Baghdad in the shadow of the siege ... I find it optimistic .. Generally the second half of the novel was more interesting than the first.
Weak. . No parking available
It is not known that it was necessary to enter our Lord in this way, on the subject. I did not understand what is the goal of the novel. I like you
Hassle . nothing. All hotel is annoying A hotel that never includes an adjacent room, sometimes in different roles in Arabic. Hotel even breakfast is not expensive and small, and the place is varied.
disappointing. . everything
There is a spy camera above the bed. I expected a fine place by virtue of the neighborhood of Al-Haram al-Muhasbi Allah and yes al-Wakeel. There is a spy camera above the bed, it has a blue button that works when moving, next to the red button, and unfortunately I discovered it after I left because I didn&#39;t feel comfortable flashing with the slightest movement when they discovered that I was a groom, they upgraded my subscription to a room with a view I could see the heel from. Oh God, damn who put that camera to reveal People symptoms. O God, his ummah is dead, in which he will be passed over to whom he considered. By God, by God, and by God, I am sincere in what I say.
Dubai is the most beautiful city, but Rose Garden is a poor hotel. . Dirty, unclean and forbidden in the price. However, for those who have gone to them, they have raised the price by increasing it. I advise there is nothing in it for restaurants and services that provide satisfactory.
Frustrating are works that have a high resonance, and when you read them, they are disappointing for them .. For me, this story is one of these disappointing works .. You do not know whether it is a novel, historical narration, political analysis or thoughts of the author. He put in the narration all these subjects without literary strings or skillful making, as in political narratives when Hanna Mina or historically, such as Amin Maalouf or emotionally like Wassini Araj. Leaps novel. The way he relates to Smrawy and suddenly they become lovers and suddenly they want to be connected and suddenly the girl collapses because of the refusal ... all this in a few short days and fading events
Heavy language, boring, poor analogies, consuming, details that burdened the work, it is true that I felt sympathy for some of the events, but in the end it is our cause of Palestine, the wound that is in us, and is always leaning on with releases of endless news and pictures. But when talking about art, we must be more clear and honest .. The narration is traditional in its content, and in its techniques, it did not bring new .. The Palestinian narrative does not need the major issue to be the axis, it needs the issue to be nostalgic, fragrant, guiding, A picture, a flash, a cloud passing lightly. She needs the big issue to become other small things, small but more true, deep and meaningful.
Very weak. The price is high and the staff are very bad. C.
I don&#39;t understand, I want to say, what can his village be at intervals?
Bad reception. The back door, if opened, leads to a nearby mosque. On arrival, I did not inform the employee of my reservation via bookings, and asked about the price of the apartment, so he said SAR. So I said, I am a checkpoint through Pocking and I want to cancel it because the direct price is much lower. He said: As you feel comfortable, when I started the cancellation procedures, I found that Pocking would deduct my first night fare so I got angry and told him why do you want me to pay twice? He said I will not take anything in my pocket and you do what you want with your comfort and he speaks as if he wants to punish me for discovering that the direct price and the price of the reservation was very provocative.
I think Ann is a writer with frequent American films. :
The inconvenience and sounds of rooms around you. The inconvenience and sounds of rooms around you.
It is forbidden for him to be a star, a star, and be alone. The relative proximity to the Holy Prophet’s Mosque. The furniture is old, there are no private parking spaces for the hotel like the neighboring hotels, which I think are being used by the staff due to the placement of the board.
With my respect to Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud and his scientific stature, but I did not like the book in the entirety ... In some chapters of the book and his questions he was persuasive and coherent in his answers, but in the aggregate the atheist&#39;s diagnosis of this weakness and stupidity and his dependence on weak questions is not meaningful I lose the book meaning ... Also, some of the book The answers did not rise to my conviction that I am personal and I am a believer, so let alone an atheist listen to these answers. The text also considered the style ... the atheist style, despite being sarcastic, mocked most of the time, but it was always tainted with respect and the search for knowledge .. As for the style of the doctor represented in the knowledge of the book was always trying to degrade the person and mind of the atheist using words and accusations of the atheist with stupidity and ignorance And surface
It is forbidden to pay only
I request the hotel management to reconsider all hotel workers and re-qualify them .... . Reservations management does not master the skills of dealing with the beneficiary. The receptionist does not master the skills of dealing with the beneficiary.
His language is not close to the heart ... What I liked about the book:. As if yesterday .. Although its details have become sunken, its taste still hangs with our fingers .. The war was never a beautiful day ... even if the perpetrators tried to woo it .. The world is not a small village .. but a small forest .. Its residents take off the necks of some .. To wear their beads ... not to be a chess stone, this is not something you have, my friend .. but try not to help you move your victory over the unworthy ..
Imagine that this book is not a book by Ahmed Helmy and then tell your opinion about it. In the middle of the book, Ahmed Helmy wrote the most beautiful review, could he write about this book? On the page say. I am confused about what to write, I am not confused about what I write. I am confused what to write, basically there is no need in my brain. I feel that my brain is a factor, as if it is a gas tube that is self-evident and does not have any gas points. I turned her right and left, and she slept on her side, on her back, and on her stomach, but I could find a few words in the bottom that made me work up to a line and no two lines would help me in what I would write, and what I have is not up to now. I don’t know what it is. The most difficult thing is that the one whose brain is left remains the same as the tube, and you will be surprised that it is empty without pre-warning or warning ... oh my fortune, who have natural gas. But this is Ahmed Helmy in the book Harf
Weak. I didn&#39;t like it.
Very weak. . Disturbance and smell of smoking .... and many ways on the door until you wake up to tell you if you want to extend the stay, come pay the fees
As I said that the book is a filling and compilation of what was said about Ghazi in addition to his three interviews on illuminations, the writer&#39;s style is very, very, I did not like, I only read it because he talks about Ghazi&#39;s character, which I like to know everything that was said about it, except that it is a book not worth wasting time
I don’t know how to rate this book yet. I did not complete reading it because I did not understand its significance and it was tense because of the information that raises suspicion and I did not know whether it was fact or fictional, in fact the Mitzap provoked me and it was the first and last of my books to Anis Mansour
I expected more than this because the name is Palestine and the text is a journalist suffering from emotional disappointment. The style is beautiful, but it lacked accuracy, because I did not recall neither the personalities whose names and times were absent, nor the place, and unfortunately, too, the novel was covered in the Arab Spring, the Syrian crisis, and the Palestinian issue with superficiality, perhaps because the reality is like that. I hoped that if I got to know more about the life of Hassan the Palestinian militant, that half of the novel would be lost on a daily routine for a journalist who loves rain, almond flowers and jasmine. Palestine deserves more from us than we claim to carry in our hearts
The novel is a page. I could never complete it and almost reached it in the middle. It is a meaningful story and its events are never interesting. We are not used to Shafak this poor style of writing, not to mention the bad translation as well, which makes you look upset about reading each of its pages.
I visited their branch in Dhahran Mall and my brother said: And I increase if I have to eat with them. I only ask for pizza, I asked for Seven. She changed it for his bad taste and asked for Pepsi. The same thing I have completed. The onion rings were flat and the cell was even. once again. Wings. With the sauce, it tasted like it was stored in Zaman. Even pizza text and text. Did you know the other branches?
Weak. . The receptionist is not well dressed, the breakfast buffet is totally inappropriate and Wi-Fi is not available in the room
Weak. . Breakfast is very bad.
In this issue, the series has turned into a detective story. You know that the two brothers are liars, and you try to discover the trick and solve the mystery. I could not enjoy it and for a moment I was terrified and breathless. It has little excitement
The writer&#39;s creativity appeared in drawing each character ... but it failed in style ... a significantly weak style ... the end of the novel was shocking ... we almost say that there is no end in the first place ... so the fate of any of the characters did not appear ... I got the feeling that The last paper was accidentally removed from the novel
Indian Indian job means .. with praise for the historical scenes in the book P is real. .
At the beginning of the book, I went back to the cover page to check whether it was really novel. For a few pages, I felt that I was reading a bit of prose before the events started. This novel contains some surprises, at first it is thought to be a love novel only, but it carries a glimpse of the reality of society, and indicates some of the hot topics in it, but it is only a sign. The most beautiful of this novel is the mystery surrounding the love story of the two heroes, as they almost do not know each other, to the point that they do not know each other&#39;s name, and moment. This mystery was revealed to me, the novel ended for me, and the remainder was nothing but an account of the grieving hero. It is not the type of books that I usually read, and because I did not expect anything from her at first, she had two stars.
disappointing. . I paid the full amount the first time I arrived, and after a few days, I see a request to pay me the amount again, and you do not have to pay, and the file is not available.
The title is strong and exciting, and the idea of the book is beautiful .. The book reviewed some wars and battles, the role of chance like weather factors and the role of stupidity from some leaders in changing the results of these battles, which he called the decisive factor. The sources of the book are multiple, the writer collected them from the memoirs and messages of warriors, leaders, articles and some of his observations in contemporary wars such as the Gulf War, for example. These novels are not taken seriously and trusted. Think of it as a novel that moves you between several eras and wars ... a story before bed. But. The translation is very bad .. you will feel bored excessively when reading
I will not live in it again. The price is overrated and the cleanliness is no words. I didn&#39;t like bad apartments
Very weak. . The service is very bad. The room I requested is the opposite of the one I chose from the site. The room and the bathroom are bad for the expensive.
Harvest alienation, and forbidden to laugh .. Almost two countries, but I liked it
Very bad addition. . First, there is not enough parking for guests, the hotel is a room, and there is only a car park. The second thing is the room in which there are insects, and the most insidious thing is the bugs
Rubbish hotel. There is nothing. The service is garbage, the room has cockroaches,
I will not go to him again. This hotel does not allow veiled women to go to the swimming pool with the lawful swimsuit. Note that most of those present are veiled, and they deal with the utmost lack of taste with the inmates. They take a position knowing that there are many alternatives in Ain Sokhna and better than it.
Mmm. At first, I hesitated to buy Buthaina&#39;s books. . Then I decided to buy one book .. I was confused .. So I bought this book ... I will talk about the novel:. The idea of the novel was not new .. a brother shed after luxury .. and marriage to escape the hell of the brother and then divorced .. its events from the reality of society ... a repeated idea ... the style is wonderful and the language is wonderful ... in general ... an unsuccessful start for me with Buthaina.
Very bad hotel and i would not recommend it. nothing. The hotel is very bad and it was an experience that will not be returned, God willing, the reception is very bad, especially the guest called Faraz Pakistani, uncooperative and polite with clients and I was hoping to meet the hotel manager, but I asked his number to inform him about some behavior so they told me that he does not have the number of the brushes very bad The rooms are not clean and the Wi-Fi is slow to deal By the staff, dust is everywhere in the room. What can I say about this very bad hotel, unfortunately not worth a single star, and at noon, the problem with managing the place is that I do not recommend housing in it.
Too very very much, the hotel is forbidden by its star violin and not the primitive restaurant. nothing. The restaurant is primitive, very eating type, the room is not clean, the bathroom is not secure, the bathroom things are complete, especially the thing in the hotel is not appropriate, and I do not recommend going to
A novel that I cannot determine its path or decode. Neither convincingly realistic nor symbolic in sophisticated style. Jump around the details, holes in the description, and flabby misty characters. I wish that Al-Bassati continued to write it as a short story, and it went beyond literary bloat. Anyway, it took me three hours to read
disappointing. Its proximity to the beautiful view metro station .. The inconvenience of late night hours from the sound of discos music. Mishandling by hotel employees with guests. The lack of a swimming pool. The presence of the girls of the night. A large presence of young Gulf men in the hotel. A hotel that does not suit the family. I consider it one of the worst hotels that I have landed. Where in Dubai.
This account spoke of the tragedy of Palestine and the war in Lebanon, which was rather good
Don&#39;t be reconciled. You should be your last view of Dengue. When you don&#39;t, you will be a dark mirror of everything that comes.
A very bad story
It was not a dialogue as much as it was a show .. The answers were lengthy jumping from topic to topic, which the book lost its flavor, but it is really useful in some ways, and some of them are not completely convincing, in general .. a good book.
I just dislike the book. Some quotes .. I don&#39;t like this method, and this emotional method is free from all mental signs.
One or two stars for the simplicity of style, the media hype it got was bigger than its size. I couldn&#39;t even finish it
Weak. nothing. This hotel and apartments are furnished. The furniture is old, the baskets are ruined, and the hotel does not have cleanliness and a fine smell.
. She talks about an Egyptian historical period ... in a cinematic form ... most of the events in the novel I have seen before and by text in historical cinematographic films and historical series .... To increase my certainty that she wrote for the sake of cinema ..... Ahmad Murad did not go beyond the role of the scenario. ..And still has not turned into a storyteller as well as being a novelist
Even a page that I did not understand is anything ... I could understand at the end of the page I understand .. Unfortunately, and not a thing ... Where is the novel? Where is the time of white horses? Adopts fast pans and chronograph ... I&#39;ve never loved it
I will not live in it again. . Cleanliness is very poor
The novel attracted me in the beginning ... the style of writing the introduction and the tale of the cursed mill and the easiest Ra ... I expected the events to remain differently and if there was to be a link between the cursed village and the pharaohs again ... but after that I felt that the novel addresses the minds of the children of the tale of the call and Dracula and the description of the monsters felt the description directed to children more and also the story of good boy and the story of the red dress and they enter in the events of the novel a shiva point is not sweet and is counted against the writer .. In short the style of writing is sweet and if it contains some linguistic errors .. style of description Monsters and wars between them are very weak ... the idea itself is sweet, but it could have been written with Loeb and events better than CDDA
Bad . nothing. The reception staff did not provide an extra pillow and stomach, and the employee treated badly and added the value of an extra bed, knowing that my reservation is for two people and two children, and there is an extra bed without covers
The book taken is larger than its size, which is writing his audio lectures, similar to the books of Arab self-development and nothing new.
disappointing. The delay in entering the rooms is very small, close to the sanctuary.
Small and airy rooms. This hotel leases a very small studio and one-bedroom apartments. The hotel is in a central location near Promenade des Anglais and the beach, half of the rooms overlook a quiet park and the second half overlooks a busy street. Unfortunately, major problems outweigh the above mentioned good points. Watch out, these so-called apartments are very small. There is a separate kitchenette, a sink, a small residential refrigerator, a toaster, a two-plate oven, and the bedroom is very small enough to accommodate a bed. I had more space in a motel and didn&#39;t have to sleep on a folding sofa. The disturbing thing for me was that I booked and paid an extra cost for a triple room, so the place for the third person to sleep was a platform in the kitchen where the table was supposed to be. Add to this some serious maintenance issues: old and dirty carpets, the walls need paint, furniture and torn flooring and there is not a single drop of hot water during the afternoon and evening. Nice is an expensive city, and the Citadines Promenade Hotel was somewhat cheaper than a five-star hotel ... but as far as I can tell, the only thing that this star rating is likely to reflect is the amount of bribery that must You may have exchanged hands. When I was looking for Expedia and Travelocity, the hotel was asking to pay the full amount in advance now I know why. Citadines has two other facilities in Nice and other facilities in France and throughout Europe, but for me, I prefer to distance myself from all of them.
The book is acceptable, but in my opinion, it did not rise to the rank of good, satirical books .. It is a light book that you read on transportation or between times to waste lost time.
Emad . Location only. The hotel is very bad. The hotel has been reached. The time: afternoon. The employee said that the hotel’s entry system is the hour. We accepted that because the system was according to his words, but some rooms were not delivered to the hour: pm and some of the time: pm and the last room was delivered at: pm after the quarrel and we were Tired of the road’s journey, especially since the city is about an hour away from my place of residence, but there is no life for those who call. I sat three nights. The room was not cleaned. There is no interest in the guest. The hotel does not deserve a five-star degree with a lot on it, one or two stars.
Come on, Syria is terrible. Shocking ...... And as usual not deserved for the award.
I think it is one of the worst things I have read ... what a regret for our miserable state of intellectual vulgarity, verbal emptiness and the vicious episodes in which we revolve ... from the first sight, you know that the female is here in the novel. A good, just a waist, and lips. no more ..
It should be written on the cover of the novel. This novel is intended for adolescent girls under the age of. Too bad too
The second star of the inspirational only .. But the book never justifies its high price, Real? He did not like me because it does not contain what he really deserves .. Teenage book in short ..
Good story before bed, but it is not a novel, with the wording and value of the novel .... interesting uh ... interesting. The events in Nisbali were expected, and that made me enjoy the joy of enjoying them ... I was not surprised. I liked the entrance to the novel ... I liked the emotions that are in it ... the emotional truths that are in it ... I loved the curve of the life of the hero and who passed by and that each end is just the beginning ... I mean, we can say, sent on hope.
It is surprising that Professor Bahaa Taher was so attached to the army
Far from what I read from the impressions of those who read it, I find myself singing with the swarm, I do not really know how I deserved the Poker Prize and most probably it was the best and this is disappointment: / I summarize my review of this novel in these points: The novel describes Tunisia in its political system, its economy, and its society in particular culturally during a certain era. Perhaps he read a lot to his neighbor Ahlam Mostaghanemi, as it almost matches it ... Nothing but description. He described the division of society between a governor and a modernist like most of the Arab and Islamic countries, as they lost their identity. Neither the conservative nor the modernist .. I do not mean modernity the modernity of the West but the modernity of the protagonists of the novel, moral and not intellectual and political liberation and I am not in defense of the demonstrative morals that dominate our homeland .. describing all that can be produced by a society governed by an authoritarian regime that is all concerned with survival At the head of the table are villainous social phenomena, hypocrisy, The disintegration and the disintegration of family bonding ..... All of this is acceptable, but why is it so exaggerated in describing sexual scenes? You almost lose sight of the scene until we stumble with the one that follows since the beginning of the novel. I think on this side, he was influenced by the writings of Muhammad Shukri, especially the novel The Bread Bread ... a single thing advised in the novel, and I see that it works for everyone who has read or not read this novel starting from the writer himself, you have Russian literature other than that is complete nonsense.
Weak. All services. Lack of waiting places in reception, weak Wi-Fi signal, slow response to resident requests, reception and advanced services.
The last book I buy for Anis Mansour .. It is a confusing, long-term internal dialogue and a philosophy that contradicts many times ... I am not young enough or angry enough to understand the meaning and purpose of the book ... perhaps
disappointing. . Bathroom cleanliness is not good and bathroom decor is old
This author was written in authentic Arabic language, but it is difficult for the general reader.
The standard of the hotel is much lower than average ... it smells bad everywhere. nothing. Cleanliness, hotel location, hotel level, poor treatment,
Too bad. nothing. Bad hygiene. Furniture is worn out. And everything is bad
Not worth a five-star rating. the place. Lack of attention of the hotel or reception to the many guests, and the confidence that the pilgrim and the pilgrim are obliged to live and will not care about the services because he is transient and his aim is worship
Was he offended by the deceased if I said that his last book I did not like? The author tried to mention the suffering of Alzheimer&#39;s patients, but it was largely unsuccessful. He also mentioned mentioning some things as he said without the need to mention them, as he was able to fill the story with better positions and ideas.
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ... specifically, and I, in the text of the novel, are laborers, I think about writing, in my review. And the work of Achille is a camel and I put a camel in my brain ... The important thing ... First: Let me say the first good need before I enter the pile:. The idea is a genius to the extreme. The idea of the fear of death or the fear of burial in particular .. The idea of Alounes among people until the death of P .. Being formulated in an artistic narrative form this is a great thing .. Second: Niji remained for the part of the sixty thousand Niles of the brain Khamaisi ... Why do I utter this great idea, and distort it with ugly words, brazen sexual similes, and dirty overtones? Why? why ? Where is it? Pray and I am speaking to you, O Khumaisi and say to him? Third :. Do you want to separate yourself from the narration? And his money is not a shame. By God, your narration and description are high, but you do not reach the point of a blushing and dirty God, and we will be a little realistic .. Okay? Fourthly :. My evaluation of the novel is two stars, so I admire the idea only. Fifth friendliest most important:. You know, Khamissi, what is behind me and the fond of fire, will you bring me? Why do you know why? The twenty-five nicknames that I paid in the shit that I read. And last but not least .. In the next period, I thought that I would try to read you again. Spirit, Sheikh of you, ate her armor.
Worst service. nothing. everything
I am one of my followers and fans of Rehab Hani, however I did not like the book .. What Rehab offers is very wonderful when following it on her personal account on Facebook, and it becomes even more amazing when listening to it on the SoundCloud website, but its presentation in a book is difficult for me to accept, the books Not created for that.
If a person asked another person about the number of his children, he would not lie if he answered that he had three sons and a daughter and a deltoid, even if someone does not content himself with Dalia in his home, then he also calls his daughter Dalia our daughter, the olive, our grandmother and the palm aunt. It is usurped land ... a painful, bleeding, exhausting and insane narration.
A loss in which the time to re-increase it, and it was possible to get rid of pages that could not be more
There was no reason for this large number of allusions .... The only acceptable part mentioned in the book is the author&#39;s vision of the state of the country in the future, if ignorance spread and overlooked our most basic rights.
In this book, I saw Istanbul, which we do not know, the small details that only those born and lived in that city are aware of. As you look through the pages of the book, you will realize the meaning of the identity crisis between aspiring to a European form, an Ottoman past, or a new Ataturk identity. The book may also be useful for studying the teenager&#39;s psyche, what is going on inside it, and the effect of the social and family environment on building this person. Some chapters were boring for me, because the writer went on to talk about the names of Turkish writers and writers who I had no knowledge of and discussed the style of each one of them until I felt that I was reading a book of literary criticism. What I liked most about the book is why should we expect a city to heal us from our spiritual pain? Perhaps because we can only love our city just as we loved our family.
It is the first Japanese work that I read. Perhaps I liked the personification of Japan and the images that the writer conveyed to us through his extensive similes and descriptions. As for the idea of the novel, I think it is distinctive. It delves into the depths of humanity, focusing on the category of Japanese old men and their use of a strange type of fancy daughters who are sleeping beautiful. However, there are some inappropriate ideas and words
The idea of portraying the epic between humans and Satan as if it was a chess board. It is a good idea. The name of the book is also attractive to the reader. All the book is ok
A novel is sweet, but I have a note from my reading of the novels of Nour Abdel-Majid, a character of the father, mostly pills and sacrifice.
If I come to Dubai again, I will not book. Room cleanliness. Staff .. Bad location, about half an hour away from most entertainment sites. It never works for families. Many people ... and you with dignity for honesty, their view is disgusting as they enter the hotel at the end of the night, in addition to the inconvenience of the music coming from the bar or disco. I repeat his site is very bad
I will not live in it in the future. Staff handling was good. The brushes are not clean. The decorations are old. The value is overpriced. There is no bed for the child. I ordered some things and had to call back until my order came.
The service is not acceptable. Only the room. Buffet customer service
Porto Marina The hotel is more than great The interview and the treatment is very wonderful and I want to pay tribute to the director of the Roman service Professor Muhammad Fathallah He was very good with us, they are always smiling face is always able to solve any problem and the location in which the hotel is excellent and the food is very good and the most beautiful characteristic of the hotel is its charming location, my wife I really enjoyed the place and suggested to return again to spend the holiday, but I will see Professor Muhammad Fathallah if he is there or not so that he shakes us everything. His advice to us was very useful in terms of entering the restaurant and cafes and enjoying all the services of the hotel so God bless me in this man has made me enjoy with The trip I did not enjoy before ...
A hotel not worthy of stars. I liked the site and the speed of entry and exit. The room is old, the furniture is exhausted, the bathroom is very bad, as if you were renting a room in tourist furnished apartments, not a star hotel
All that I liked is writing style, describing the situation of the country only.
To God the Complainant and the one who uses it. . Very bad and there are no ingredients for tourism. Disturb the exploitation of lack of respect for privacy, lack of respect for religions, lack of respect for the Muslim personality. The cleaning team is the accountant crew
I get excited ... I repeat a lot and slow events. She felt that this repetition is a stuffing of words, she travels between words as usual in the first part, bringing us back as if she feels that we may forget some events / but she does not know that the details of the story of Abdulaziz and Juman are forgotten because they leave pain in the soul Abdul Aziz, this lover cannot leave his past and cannot live in his present and his future ... he lives in a state of confusion and wandering As for Juman, she has a gentle heart ... Ok .. so she is the aggrieved party .... Juman endured a lot until she reached a stage of indifference ... but she returned to that love at the first stumbling. Conclusion: When we stumble at the first meeting after the absence of love, love returns as if the separation was not ....
I finally met Noor Abdul Majeed. I loved her so much, and she loved innocence and grace in her voice. After what she heard from attending her last signature ceremony, she read to read the Escalas the size of heaven. But I am sorry when I say that it failed me ... Something detracts from the novel, perhaps it is the drawing of characters, I totally failed to get attached or sympathize with one of them. As usual, aristocratic personalities, even a stranger who came similar to the gatekeeper in Solo, did not draw the light of Khadija and her aunt as it should, even the cruelty of Bahjat, it was not like the light of custom in the narration ... the suffering of Yusr, I felt and was exaggerated in some places , It bothered me that everyone conspired against her, it bothered me the most, the part in which George Clooney was mentioned, and I considered her childhood a very exaggerated addition. It bothered me that I was cruel to Nour Abdul Majeed, but if she knew how long I was waiting for her works, she would have excused me. I hope that the next one is better, and I wish she gave up something of a repetition of the verdict and the ideals between the paragraphs
Weak. . Wi-Fi is very poor, breakfast is very limited and room size is very small
A novel that carries a beautiful time, and we miss it now more than ever, where kindness, simplicity and lasting amazement ... His heroines sprinkle pillows with water in summer and flirt with neighbors&#39; children on the roofs ... As for my opinion about them. Ordinary novel Many characters and the author jump in the events and leave to
The first really, the novel attracted me very, very much. The author really has a great style of excitement and suspense, so I did it two stars. But hey, this is the only feature in the novel. The factor of excitement and suspense to me. Sitting stretches and in the end, I don’t know what he wrote to him, he wrote the end so bad that I said that he would mock us between what the end is jinn and imps… the end in itself is very blood burning, the fabric of the novel is exorbitant from it so much that he opened it to himself in writing the details and provided very much A dialogue narrated for the types of wines that are not necessary We knew that the hero Mtnal on his eye and a Bicherb Sober, a violin I Nayem Mstnah Shuf movie Do ya see Marwan Hamed Ehigdr actually Azbt to Baz Ahmed Murad in the novel ... Hncov whole com and Bs run for Poker Hey Hey de farce
To read a book out of curiosity with complete recognition that you do not agree with his idea is very difficult ... and it may eliminate the element of neutrality in talking about this book or its presentation. I hated the idea that Habib’s messages would come out to us to his beloved, while even if God passed away, he still had a lasting impact in this world represented by a wife and sons of flesh, blood, and feelings, and even if the wife was a foreigner, she, as stated in the comments at the end of the book, refused to proceed The Ghassan Kanafani Foundation agreed with his son and daughter, and it was also said that she was educated and loyal to him and to the Palestinian cause that Kanafani lived for. Perhaps that was a superfluous ideal from me, but I hate the idea of using personal information in its wrong place, as I hated comic programs in the month of Ramadan that depend on the guest’s delusion to stop filming for a break and then broadcast the entire episode or that anchor uses words that went between him and his guest outside the air to demonstrate In his opinion, the time for air and without the willingness of the guest ... These are purely personal speeches. Also, Ghada&#39;s appeal to the former Ghassan grains did not convince me to keep his letters that turned into a heritage, as the time period for her relationship with Ghassan was really long and perhaps that is an advantage that was not granted to his former grains ... And I was not convinced by her appeal to show her letters to him so that the picture appears complete, especially with knowledge of the information related to the book’s proceeds and position Basically the wife and children of the book. She had made a comment regarding a section that was published about the beats of his heart and his emotions that everyone knew was directed at her ... So I think that she published the messages for a purpose in herself, and perhaps for pride as she hinted and a strong narcissism in it or a desire to keep her biography present, especially since it came from Comments include other secrets that will appear after her death. She was selfish in her relationship with him ... and may have influence on her men, as it was stated at the end of the book that her husband published the messages. Yes, he loved her ... yes, he expressed it in a way that we are not used to from an oriental man ... and my confusion about the nature of the relationship between them, it appeared that they were meeting, but committed a false impartiality, did not comment on how the meetings nor their nature. Perhaps his expressions are eloquent, but my criticism is here for the one who published the idea of the book and not for the writer&#39;s style
I bought one, it sounded bad, and the other is the remote that sells to me and does not work at all, and a box of two boxes is broken.
As the writer described it: The story of absence and rain is nothing more .. By virtue of reading separate texts by the writer, the novel disappointed me, less than expected.
I did not like. Just salvation
The idea of the poem is good, of course, like all of the poems of Dongul ... and it was made by Spartacus, the ancient Greek warrior, symbolic of the free and struggling revolutionary. In the face of the tyranny of power, whose end was hanged, it was good .. On the tongue of Spartacus, it was expressed by Dunkul what he wanted to say .. But in the words of Dongul ... If you see my child who left him on her arm without an arm. They taught him to bend over. Teach him to bend over. Allah . Not forgive the sin of Satan when he said no . There is a major accident and accident. As if Dunkel made Satan a symbol and an example to follow for the brave revolutionary who said no contrary to the agreement of the majority of angels who said yes, and made God the just and noble, God forbid, to be described otherwise as a symbol of the tyrant ruler who does not forgive disobedience to orders .. And the phrase with its toppings in this glorification of the devil He did, and offended the mighty Lord. And in it a vulgar deprivation of the Alawite scene, by likening the orders issued by the Creator to a creature from a wisdom that he does not know and disobeys it, with the orders issued by a creature to a creature like him so that he does not comply with it. It is an analogy that is not based on anything, and that is exaggerated.
Very weak. . Very, very bad, not natural. The building is restored, the bathroom is very frightening, there is no smell, no bath, and the room decoration is very miserable to the fact that the pictures are the second thing at the first time and the last time I come in.
When you read my name, Taha Hussein, and Al-Hakim on one book, you will definitely wait for a lot from this book ... but unfortunately my expectations were completely disappointed. It seems to me that it was a joke or a joke between the two great writers when they decided to write a joint novel .... Al-Hakim&#39;s theatrical style is evident in the dialogue scenes .. As for Taha Hussein Al-Sardi&#39;s style is evident in the long paragraphs ... I did not find any thought or goal in writing this story .. I initially imagined it would be a critical story in the form of a trial of the work of the two great writers .. But this did not happen .. Just a set of disjointed scenes with no purpose behind them. I tried to press myself to complete it to the end but it was incredibly boring that made me stop almost halfway through. A new idea is to write the story of two authors together ... but unfortunately the implementation was not at the desired level
Very weak. . Too bad it deserves its value
uncomfortable . . The rooms are not clean, very annoying
The book is very simple. It is very simple and untidy. I sometimes branch out into topics related to anything and its presentation of historical facts is very simple and untidy. I did not listen to it.
In short, it deserves three stars. Bad beyond class, whether the services provided, cleaning, or reception. The room is excellent only, but the cleanliness is custom. The customer’s concern is bad. Five-star hotel. I waited an hour for them to receive an amount. I paid it cash under the account.
I tried the King Abdulaziz Road branch north of Riyadh and the Sulaymaniyah branch more than once. I like them with beef rolls and some rice dishes. But what I noticed is that their service gets worse with time, and themselves are treacherous. Especially the King Abdulaziz branch, in which there is a long Filipino that I think is a manager or something. A person treats him silly and is ridiculous. As for the Sulaymaniyah branch, the parsons are negligent, and the last time I ate the eating delay strangely, if we were flat students, it would have broken apart a piece of cooking. They forget some requests as well. The worst is dealing with them. He answers the bill for you and throws it on the table while he is walking. Do you want to eat Japanese food? Raise Tokyo.
Bad. . It smells bad, there is no transportation to and from Al-Haram
It is not considered a book. Funny words
A tragic black story. You must read it because it is Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, one of the few respected
I will not be staying at this hotel the next time I visit Abu Dhabi. The reception staff treated excellent. Smell the room and the elevators are unpleasant
One of the worst things I&#39;ve ever read. Say a female novel, say a fantasy novel. Say it is a literary piece that is not understood and only felt by people with a subtle sense or complex thinking, or with complex and intertwined linguistic taste, or say what you want. After years of reading, I reached conviction, especially in the field of literature:. The novel, which finds it difficult to understand what you want to reach and gets lost from you, plot and events amid a deluge of describing the feelings of the heroine, similes and structures that may not be understood or understood by its destination except its owner, is a transcendent narration on the reader and undoubtedly bad. I read it a long time ago and remember that I got rid of it for free. This was a long time in which the family library published everything that was cheap and insignificant, totally irrelevant and spent on the people&#39;s money
The language of Youssef Zidan can never be challenged .. But I did not find any presence of escalating events and plot of the chapters of the novel .. I forced myself to read it for the pleasure of the language only.
I divided my review into two parts, the first is to talk about the novel itself and the second is to talk about Yusef Zidan. . The novel discussed the idea of women&#39;s freedom, rights and standing, but in ancient times, women were sanctified and considered the creator of the universe. All of this was normal for me, but the unusual thing was that I saw on many religious texts. Starting from questioning some of the news that we received from the Holy Quran, such as the interpretation of this verse. If the female was asked, what sin was she killed? The meaning is clear and does not require interpretation, and you can read the interpretation of this verse in any of the books of interpretation. But Youssef Zidan has another opinion that the Arabs did not do such acts. And that what came in the Qur&#39;an is nothing but a vague message in the verse informing about the horrors of the Day of Resurrection. He also talks about the man’s eye and that he has the same fortune as the females, and he wonders what the woman is all about. Was it impossible for Ali Yusef Zidan to write a novel that talks about women&#39;s rights without going into these thorny matters? This is not the first time that Yusef Zidan, the story of Azazel, has also been vetoed by some Christian clerics. . As for the second part, which is the talk about Yusef Zidan himself, after reading this novel, I went to some of his articles and dialogues in which he always attacks Islamic beliefs and dignitaries in our history. Youssef Zaidan believes that the Al-Aqsa Mosque was built in the era of the Umayyad state and that the Prophet, may God bless him and grant him peace, when he went to the journey of Isra and Al-Mi&#39;raj did not go to Jerusalem, but what is meant in the Quranic verse is another mosque in Taif and that who built it is Abdul Malik bin Marwan in a strange story he created There is no need to mention it in addition to his crude attack on Salah al-Din al-Ayyubi, and described him as a traitor and not a hero, as everyone thinks. I do not want to prolong it any longer, but, frankly, I will think more than once before reading Youssef Zidan
Do my expectations for the book were too high, or did I really like the book? I do not know.
Zainab here is better. By highlighting more than one defect in Saudi society. It is the story of a rebellious woman who lives in a male society. I sought truth and truth in many places. The most comprehensive message at the end. Is the desire to stay despite the misery
Articles closer to a book. I liked some articles and phrases
Unfortunately, I neglected and indifferent. Unfortunately, I found many problems, and I will tell them that I am in the evening meal. Not clean
Bad accommodation. Location only. The service is very, very bad., Two hours, we wait for the rooms to be prepared, and after that they are not equipped .. Customer satisfaction is an important concern. The hotel as a whole is safe .. Anyone can enter from the backyard towards the garden
An unforgettable experience. The location of the hotel is close to the sanctuary, a minute&#39;s walk directly to King Abdulaziz Gate, may God have mercy on him. The breakfast was varied and excellent. The staff at the restaurant are very nice .. the hotel does not deserve a star. The furniture is old and shabby. The bed is not comfortable. Congestion and delay in entry procedures upon reception, but they may be excused during Ramadan. The service in general is very very weak. Cleanliness, not up to standard. The carpet is not clean. The sheets are not clean and stains can be seen on them. The bathroom does not have towels only, soap and shampoo. The price is reasonable, as it is close to the Haram. I do not recommend it for anyone who wants a rest, and is not fit for more than a day or two.
Her village, but what I remember Chaoufia of events, as long as I can not remember a regular story
I liked the style in which the events were told, not the events themselves, and it is only this that motivated me to give the second star. The content of the novel is a poor excuse.
I did not like the novel at all
Porn book has nothing to do with the novel or literature.
I expected a lot from this novel after all I heard, but I was shocked ... despite the beauty of Radwa&#39;s style, but the novel is very boring, the ideas are confusingly confused, I entered the stories of Jews and Zionism in Egypt with his stories as a child and other stories .. I may need to read it again with a greater focus And continuous reading
Not a real hotel, its position in the past was better than it is now. The large windows from which sunlight was entering .. Blocked now by a large building The furniture is very worn and also the curtains The room smells and the atmosphere is dire There is a restaurant and not even a hot water bar does not work properly its only advantage ... the excellent location and nothing else at night I could not sleep easily due to the voices at the top of the hotel issued by fans of air conditioning as if it were a thunderstorm completely .. sounds terrifying
A purely informational book. It gained its quality from the accuracy of the information, its sincerity and the mastery of the research. But he lost some quality to me because he chose topics, some of which I dislike. But overall it&#39;s a great book for fans of these topics and is a fairly good reference.
Her idea is new and does not matter. This topic is discussed before in literature, but the style of narration was weak, and drawing characters for me was a problem in it that was completely devoid of important details. Because it has depth, because it is marginalized in the novel and drawn without any vivid details. As for forgotten, I don’t understand the idea that there will remain anorexia and necrophilia. I don’t understand the idea of mixing between them. We could just content ourselves with necrophilia. But in general, it is a new novel, especially since there is a writer in Arabic literature who writes about topics, DVD, something that made me very happy.
I read it yesterday and it still feels bad for me up to the moment if I remember it. Perhaps the exaggerated hints and street pronouncements, which, if dispensed, would produce better work in stages. The language of modernity that the author used to combine colloquial and English was uncomfortable and vulgar. The novel is not without suspense, but it is a mixture of Arab films on foreigners, which made the work less creative. It started in it for more than a year until it reached in its first pages of the hadith that took place between Hanafi, Halawa, Hamzat and Lamzat. It was not a difficult decision to stop reading and leave it. I read it out of curiosity and to see the writer&#39;s style. The writer&#39;s style is good, which is what I usually prefer with novels, but if it were without the intellectual, verbal and colloquial filth. The first and last novel that I will read to the writer
Al-Taliani won the International Prize for Arabic Fiction in a year’s session, crowning this Tunisian writer, Shukri Al-Mabkhout, with the title of “Winner of the Novel Novel”. A bug in the narrative style shocked me from the start and distracted me from the emergence of the hidden narrator as a narrator of the novel from where I did not count. Then, in completing the novel, I am surprised that this narrator is the friend of the Italian hero who narrates the details of the details in his life in a way that can only be made by a person who lived through all these minute details and not a person who is generally familiar with what happened from the reality of listening to it from its owner. I am not interested in explaining other things that made me not like this novel and I do not enjoy the complementarity of the narrative text .. Finally. If I had read this novel before her victory, I would not have rejected it in this way after I won that that this award has an important value in my view, but it was diminished after Al-Taliani&#39;s victory with her in this form
Month . Maybe a month, I mean, but I&#39;m sorry, astrology, a novel for me, what is worth reading, for me. I used to rape myself, read it, as if it was a foreign Arabized novel, the story was a foreign story, but the story was true, I never liked it .. Excessive relationship between Maria and day, and explain their love and affection. I spend too much in detail, I feel it was for stuffing, nothing less, nothing more .. Its literary language is simple, but the ideas are repeated and consumed, not with novels, but with articles and writings. How many times do I say the rise of religion from the above
The author has an amazing narrative language. He paces with all his ingenuity and with all ability the events from the time of the grandparents to the grandchildren. ... with fantastic literary and intellectual ability. Also, the interplay of characters, events and conflicts in the story with the ability to raise the reader&#39;s attention to the most prominent points. . One of the most important features of this novel. ... but ... the end can be intuitively from the beginning of the story
Medina, the district of Raya. . Young people put drunk next to family rooms. Inconvenience to inmates. And infringing on them
Truth is very uncomfortable. The truth of everything in the hotel is not suitable for the place of stay to be even a few minutes, because the housing was in a location other than the previous one. The hotel was under improvement, and was very unsatisfactory. As before, I liked it, thank you
Landfill and waste. Nothing is too bad for a home. A very bad hotel, very unclean.
Omar appears in Jerusalem. The name of the novel attracted me a lot. I did not finish reading, but I wanted to share with you the first impression of it .. Once I started reading the novel until I became frustrated, on the page. Omar&#39;s hand extended to her neck and attracted her in violence .... On the page where it was mentioned by our master Omar:. Take this bitch from me. A thousand times his retinue surrounded his hand on a woman or uttered such words .. On the page, our master Omar wept when he heard the Qur’an without distortion or alteration .. Was it our master Omar to suspect that God was the one who revealed the remembrance and he who memorized it until the Day of Judgment? . On the page, Sayyidina Umar, who took up arms and waged the greatest battles and conquests, counted the thorn and the knife as a type of weapon. Where is the intelligence of our master Omar and his acumen ?? Despite the many negatives that I mentioned that I did not mention, there are many positive thoughts that came to mind during reading, but as a result, I see that reading the biography of our master Omar is much better than reading such novels, and I have become convinced that the fictional novels whose hero is a prophet or a great companion will be without Her champion level for sure.
It is never recommended. . Jet this place will deprive sleep and your head will explode from headaches. I requested a non-smoking room and I mean a smoking room.
I expected the best. The view on the pool is beautiful and lacks some modifications. The reception is very good. Fast delivery. The hotel&#39;s city center location is close to the markets and restaurants. The points that you will remember .. for the benefit and not for criticism the absence of green surfaces near the pool despite the availability of the pool area was completely empty in the middle of the week the smell of corridors is very bad .. and this is the disturbing TV
I am not sure I like the book, but I must say that there were phrases and paragraphs that I liked. But in general I saw the necessity of reading it because everyone was talking about it
not bad. There are a number of good stories, and on the other hand, there are mysterious stories and have no meaning, and I think that I will not think of them after I save the country. I like it from the book:. The man at the gate. morning newspaper. Dumbness. Dogs. A day for music. The three humans. After the beating
Its village and I have left it what I have read, in short it is a useful sentence and then a full page of analogies and stuffing in a metaphysical style, although there is in place in contrast to here and so to the end. Literary disaster against Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq in the full sense of the word.
Frauds of swindlers, cheats. During my years of travel to Bangkok I have never seen any such staff or stay as bad as I have seen in this short stay at this terrible hotel. They stole some of the belongings that I gave them to save them after I took a receipt from them. Then, during the day, you find this sissy boy who speaks fluent English and has reached the insolence to the extent that he lies and makes flimsy excuses for each other in the wake of some. Also in the daytime, you find that fat man standing behind the reception platform, turning his head and turning his eyesight away from you when you are talking to him or asking him for something, and he has made him giggle on the phone. Employees were accustomed not to care about you at all, but rather they showed all the arrogance and indifference in their behavior. The only positive thing is these porters who work day and night who were very helpful and polite. Anyone who says easily walk from this hotel to the mall or Tesco lotus either have suites or he walks leisurely because the walk from the hotel until there takes a minute. Even if the hotel&#39;s electric car takes you and puts you on the main road, it will take about a minute.
Youssef Zidan loves to quarrel with Christians in all or most of his books. The novel was marketed as talking about the opening of Amr ibn al-Asir to Egypt. So you expect epic details about that. Or expect a response from him on some of the suspicions that accompanied these events. By the way this did not happen. All that happened was that he devoted a third of the book to talking about a Christian village in the heart of ancient Egypt. Conclusion. The novel is boring slow, slow to the maximum extent possible. Missing suspense or what motivates you to complete it. In my humble opinion, there is no climax in the novel. That knot that the characters of the novel should seek to solve to reach the end of the novel. And she deserves the bad reputation that she followed. Perhaps it negatively affected the opinions of the readers in his subsequent novel, Mahal, who, surprisingly, decided in an hour to clearly convert it to three. Youssef Zidan gave me an endless drop and I think I only have to read Guantanamo to close Yusef Zidan&#39;s case. My novelist forever. There is a huge negative point in my opinion:. It is a great glorification of all that is Christian or even related to idolatry beliefs. This is evident in the description of the monastery, the life of the Christians, and its description of the mother of boys and those who believe in him. As the man recklessly recounts in my opinion the story of the Qur&#39;anic Prophet who fights, kills, besieges, leads, marries a young female slave, and has a child. In addition to his hints about the use of Amr bin Al-Aas to treachery and deception in the conquest of Egypt by displacing the Nabateans to preach the conquest of the armies of the Muslims and described Khalid bin Al-Walid and Amr bin Al-Aas after their Islam and during the leadership of the armies of Fatah Al-Sham and Egypt as warlords. In the end. What did Zidane want to convey specifically to the reader from all three lives? I do not know and do not think anyone knows or will know. There is a point that I do not understand and I suspect that it is also a big mess. What do the heroine really want ?????. Did you love Nabati and wanted to live with him from the first moment ???. This did not appear in any real action throughout the events of the novel. Oh God, only the last lines of the last pages of the novel. Did his sister love and wants to engage with her in an abnormal relationship ???. You can not confirm this, because she did not come up with an explicit act, even if you can conclude that she craved it or thought about it in this way by describing what happened between them in the cave and its sadness at the sudden departure, and from a sleepless night naked in the cave under the covers and naked on the rocks, the jinn compounds as she said. The two stars are only for simile and meticulous description of the journey of the Arabs in the desert
Excerpts from the book Pieter Fertter by Johann Goethe. . Good for human beings if they cease to stir memories of old sorrows with their burning imagination instead of enduring their present with patience and reassurance, but only God knows why people mount this. . People of fate or prestige tend to be separated from the general public, as if they fear that they will lose their importance with such contact. As for the loafers and those who tend to be rude, they make it to their level, not for anything but to make the poor increase their sense of the severity and brazenness of their authority. . Those who avoid the public so that they do not lose their respect are as blame as the coward who blames his enemy because he fears defeat. . And if you ask me about the people here, I replied that they, like other people everywhere, the human race is very similar to its level and most of them struggle most of the time to get what they protect, but the small portion of freedom available to them disturbs them so that they strive in various ways to get rid of it and so is the destiny of man. . All professors and scholars agree in the opinion that children do not realize the cause of their desires, but adults also roam the earth as children are unaware of where they come from, and where they go, and the hard motives rarely direct them, as young children walk behind the lure of candy and terrorize the stick, but no one admits this Although it is correct in what I see. . I assure you, my dear friend, that the sight of such a creature calms my troubled soul when my thoughts are in the aggression of its armies, as it moves in a state of mind within the limits of its existence and seeks what meets its needs day by day, and when you see the leaves falling, it does not raise anything in itself except that winter is over the doors. . Angel is, but this saying is nonsense. Every person describes his lover this description. With this, I find it impossible to tell you how complete the merits are or why they are so complete. But, according to you, I say that they captured all my senses, so simplicity is very much associated with a lot. She is very compassionate, and she is very pleasurable, yet she is nevertheless of a vigor and determination to do so. . Dimensions and distances, my friend, are like the future. The mysterious extension goes before our souls, the minds of our minds are no less mysterious than ours, and we sincerely yearn to hand over them to our whole being in order to be filled with complete complete elation that one brilliant feeling overflows with us, but sorry? When we reach our intention and turn what was far away there into what is present here, then everything has changed, and if we are on the way we were in distress, and if our souls are to a thirsty thirst, they are still to the happiness that is not attained. . What pleased me was that my heart would be able to feel the eyes of that innocent simple pleasure that the farmer senses, whose table is filled with food from the products of his cultivation and his upbringing. Little by little. . There is nothing that torments me just as it torments me to see people tormenting each other, especially when I find them in the flower of their ages, or that their joy and happiness are lost in their bright days, in disputes and disputes, and they do not know their mistake until after it is too late for every reform of their condition. . Sharpness originates from an inner feeling of our lack of merit or merit, and of discontent that is always associated with envy or jealousy generated by foolish vanity, as we see happy people who are not the source of their happiness, so we cannot tolerate this scene. . What is the world in our interest without love? What a magic lantern without light? You only need to light the flame inside it to shine on the white wall. The best pictures and shapes, and while love only shows us passing shadows, we nevertheless feel happy when we see them as young children, so innocent ghosts frighten us and fly with us at every airport. . You folks of good understanding are always ready to shout: This is recklessness, madness and coma of awareness, you morals with utter calm and discipline, and so you despise drunken and impulsive, so you pass by the passage of the Levite and thank the Lord like the Pharisee because you are not like them either, but I was drunk until my rush disappeared more than once and it was My passions always hover over recklessness and do not disgrace me. I admit this to you because I learned from my experience that all the extraordinary men who used to do amazing and great deeds were from time immemorial accused in the eyes of the world of being drunk or crazy, and so is the case in private life as well. Noble or generous until you rise The shout here and there is that this person is drunk or crazy, but no shame to you, wise men. . Humans are human beings, my friend. The extent of his ability to think and reason is so great that this ability does not find him dead when the passions and emotions strike him, and he throws himself confined to the narrow limits of nature. . Is it possible for us to say about anything that it really exists as long as everything is going to disappear and as long as time sweeps everything before him quickly by the storm and our passing existence that the overwhelming flood pushes in front of it either is swallowed up by the waves or crashes on the rocks. . We are, according to our natural formation, always inclined to compare ourselves with others and our happiness or our misery. They yearn very much for the things and people staring at us, and for this reason, there is nothing more dangerous than unity or isolation. . What kind of this belongs to those men who occupy their thinking of formalities and ceremonies and spend years devoting their mental and physical efforts to achieving one goal, which is to advance in the professional evening one step and strive for nothing but to occupy the table a place higher than they were in it. . I am a creature that tears my chest in anger whenever I think about the diminished ability of each of us to influence the feelings of the other, so no one can communicate the feelings of love, joy, ecstasy, and joy that I do not possess in my nature, even though my heart may glow with the strongest feelings of affection and pride, but I will not I can make a person who does not share his nature instinctively from the eyes of these hot feelings
Let us first say that when books are discussed, they should be discussed in terms of style and also in terms of ideas. Adiya:. Some stories are excellent, some are good, some are less than good. As for the ideas: they are except for stories that touch beliefs good and sometimes reach excellent. And the last story is long and somewhat boring. As for the Hari, in trying to question beliefs as a story, show me God and the martyr, and the world was speaking to him from someone who is not fit to speak their tongues like the prophets As if by the success of the wise, he sat with himself and stayed on the books of philosophers and began to come out from them allegations inconsistent with reason with religion. Those allegations, which are originally opposed to passion with religion, and never entered the mind at all. At first glance, the reader thinks that he has been anonymous in his beliefs for all these years. Al-Hakim here plays on an important part in denying beliefs and principles, which is closer to emotion than to reason and closer to excitement than to confirmation and verification. Whoever wants to verify the matters of religion, then he only has to learn and enrich his mind and knowledge and then discuss it. But the wise man here plays on the minds of simple people the word you want them and the word that you must
Unfortunately, the book was less than my expectations, I expected to read something more wonderful than that to Gibran Khalil .. I got bored a lot and I read even though the number of pages is not great..but the narration method was traditional and the description and analogies were excessive and exaggerated a lot ... The book revolves around One topic, which is injustice, slavery, and the rule of the feudal lords who dominated life in the past..and it is a topic that other writers have dealt with in a more beautiful way ... Note: I felt that the last story could turn into a play, I think that the dialogue in it is very close to the dialogues That we see in epic plays
Restore and increase in the same words, and we have not reached any other
Very weak. . The cleanliness is very poor. The staff are very very friendly
The food is cold and I hurt my stomach after I ate it if you did not know the food or someone spoke to you about a certain food they have and you will not go
disappointing. . I did not like everything
The hotel is annoying. The location is good especially the rooms overlooking the golf course, the cleanliness. Unfortunately, there was a person above our room for seven days who started playing music loudly from one hour at night and we could not sleep. After complaining, they did not even bother to apologize. It was one of the best hotels in which we constantly reside and from now on the last deal with them.
Weak. Something .... very bad toilet sessions ... there is only one TV .... the service provided needs to be developed
disappointing. . The smell of the bathroom is bad, the lack of parking and the failure to provide all the requirements in the water cycle
A star too much. His senses make him mock the reader and the style is not interesting. Slang and I hate the accent, I can be in books or novels. Linguistic mistakes, God willing, God bless and increase
The book is very boring and unrealistic and does not contain basic ideas and speech for all chapters one and speech for all points one. With my appreciation to Dr. Adel Sadiq, and for you, the book does not contain any information, methods or even a look at things, but perhaps the penultimate chapter contains the dimension of hope
The style of the writer in the Arabic language may improve and remain sweet. The book&#39;s cover is unnaturally exhilarating. I don&#39;t like the style, the ideas in general, and flattening out the complicated things that the degree has. The fascination with the personality of the spirit and its style. Generally good luck for the writer
I finished it in three hours, and I was completely soured on Friday morning, including the depiction of human dirt in the most horrific form. The book is completely different from the style of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, which I know. I admit that he described reality, but it is from the dark, diabolical party who does not accept the human being to admit his presence even in the most horrific imaginations, but he is hidden in appearances that we try to preserve in order to convince ourselves that we are still human. However, I did not like the novel at all because the usage of the words was substandard and with a lot of cruelty, vulgarity, and sometimes provoking disgust. In the end, he describes his vision of a situation in which his country and the people of Mecca know better about its reefs
The first and last time I lived. I did not like anything. I did not like everything
Warning, this version is not suitable for pressure patients, even if you are healthy. Will you get a clot .. Where is the story, events and personalities ?? What is this on any basis? It was called &quot;God&#39;s Novel&quot;, even if my age was not affected. The superstitious love that, in the name of God, upon the hero, freaks loyalty and innocence, brother. However, the majority are dead on it and always get rid of the libraries. Thank God I met her. By God, it is forbidden to have a cover. From this pulpit, I ask the Quodridz to allow us to rate a quarter of a star. The nineties.
Before everything. To be honest, the writer has the ability to manipulate characters and events even if you do not do it completely professionally in this novel. . For now. Firstly. The language is very weak, and that is something that is difficult for me or for any honest reader, as I suppose to be palatable and to go through it. The language is very weak. Secondly. The title attracted me to read the novel, but my expectations were disappointed. I never felt the reality of the novel, nor did I feel the real ISIS weight that we know. As for what she read, the novel is nothing more than a love story that the author wanted to formulate appropriately so she chose to give her an exciting dimension and she linked her to ISIS, and with some tragic events that included the death of key figures. . In short, I found much less than expected
I hesitated a lot to add review to this novel. Where was my first experience with Ibrahim Nasrallah. The story I did not like at all I think the delivery of the idea of futility and power in this disgusting form of audacity and deviated from the basic story by mentioning the details of what has any reason. The title is what I liked the whole novel. The two stars for the ease of the language and the way the characters put the story only
The inner tape sticks out, the wallet expands and becomes useless
I concluded a large part with more difficulty. Malush I have a clear definition. There is no benefit you came up with. It is possible with others, but not with me
I may understand that the writer has a good idea but his style is weak, or that his style is beautiful but he does not have new ideas, either that his style is very poor to the point of crudeness, and his ideas are boring, repetitive and illogical, then this is beyond my possibility. The worse thing is that he won first place in a competition that is not known, and what is the matter of this being the fifth edition of this damned book, and the writer has produced two novels also. And for the closest picture, imagine the movie &quot;Police Police Reckless&quot;, then imagine that you read it in the most horrific manner possible. This is exactly the Vogue novel, where the heroes belch any need all the time. The meaning of belching is not known at all. I was very sad because there is no rating less than one star as it is really a loss. Note: I wrote this review more than a year ago, before the writer of four books five books
Absolutely not a star hotel we arrived in May. The receptionist had no idea how to speak English. The reception area had an unpleasant smell we changed the room several times to get a double bed and the lights were running the shower overflowing with water, with a little cold / hot water the elevator was very old and not working properly the breakfast was very poor with a few options there are no options for the evening meal there is no Hairdryer, TV, iron, as was ads. The only good thing is the view and the distance from the beach. Generally Marmaris is charming, but the hotel was bad
Singa .. a different novel versed style. It really hurts to tell a novel. The extent of a society’s decline ... a narrative that makes you live it, but I do not like this kind. Of the novels, so I lost three stars. Mmm is the kind that carries an issue, however. While reading, you must bear the smell of acne. From that societal fabric. For example, I have read most of the works of novelist Najib al-Kilani. There are novels. Such as the Kingdom of Baalouti and doctor tales. It carries that societal footprint, which may be the reason for the distinction of novels in some. But it does not appeal to me .. Thanks to Ahmed Khaled for such a novel
This book is considered one of the most important religious references in the modern era or until recently. He was taught us in primary school and it is one of the worst things a child can learn. It contains excerpts or thoughts about some of the verses and hadiths that the author regards as the basic determinants of the concept of monotheism. And it shows the strange and complicated religion and its god ... strange and exciting. I certainly do not want this terrifying unification. Interestingly, the book is dead in general. However, you feel that you are reading a book written at the beginning of the first millennium, although Islam appeared in the second half of it
The book is good in terms of his attempt, he did not sneak patches of the biography of most of the Ottoman sultans, then focus on Suleiman the Magnificent, but his style is unfortunately poor and many paragraphs are repeated and he lacks organization and mentioned references
This great man consumed every human atom in his being ... a purely political autobiography, but not without Ali Izzat&#39;s beautiful style, wisdom, and strength of personality.
Frankly, I regretted reading such a book. This novel talks about the life story of the Moroccan writer Mohamed Choukri during the period in which Algeria was under the control of the French and Spanish army, which summarized his biography as I read on the web in three books, the first bread was the first, so I started I read the novel but almost reached the page without finding any distinctive point in my life thanks to me, even a little that he deserves to write, even if only one novel about it He started the novel by showing the beginning of his life with his parents, and by his father’s brutal way of treating him, his mother, and his brother, and about the violence in which Shukri and his family lived because of his father who was expelled from the Spanish army, to become unemployed, which led to the fact that he killed his son The second brother, Mohamed Shoukry, forced his wife and Mohamed to work to provide money for him to buy drugs and so on. When I read the first part of this novel, I thought it would turn into a life story of a person who made himself out of nothing, or that he learned and helped his family despite the difficulty He put it, but I did not find any of that, but I saw a young man who abandoned his family, left school and worked to save money to buy drugs and a For cigarettes, prostitution, etc., to be one of the worst life walks I&#39;ve seen. What I did not like also in the novel is that it is not suitable for Arab readers at all, so the author used obscene words from the highest level of ugliness, and he also used obscene porn in excess of the limit, until you find that porn clips in the novel more than anything else, even the way he described pornographic relationships that It was described very accurately in the novel in many places, it was very disgusting and never appropriate for the Arab reader .. And the last thing that I did not like about the novel is its distortion of the Islamic message by mentioning that he and his friends are Muslims, but at the same time they drink alcohol and smoke cigarettes And hashish, prostitution and sodomy are all points that made I oppose the principle of the novel of the foundation. Through my reading of the opinions of readers in general, there are many of them who praised Muhammad Shukri for writing a difficult life story that it is very difficult for a person to disclose due to what he faced in his childhood, but I honestly see that there is no reasonable Eastern Muslim person who discloses For everything that Shukri disclosed, I do not see her as audacious as much as I see her foolishness and stupidity
A good idea and novel that got off to a strong and interesting start, which the author spoiled with distinction. A publishing house is unable to include the names of the author’s previous novels on the back cover of the novel. Then finally, he promises on the same cover events that revolve around the scenes of state security and terrorist groups. And comments on the Goddreds site thank the author for the novel that delves into the scenes of groups and state security alike to discover in the end that the novel is nothing more than a cheap and bad Arabic movie to the maximum extent possible, there is no police plot, no interesting story about the chase or the scenes of any of the worlds, or even an explanation to see The author is behind the scenes of these alleged groups. Add to all this very loose words from the Egyptian colloquial language amid camel Fushehi and vulgar stereotypes that resemble the stories of the impossible man and the file of the future about officers sacrificing their lives for the sake of the homeland and terrorists wanting the state of the caliphate and they have no objection to any path to this. A fallen Arabic movie that any fallout star might consider in his life. A novel by a young author about a colonel in the State Security Department of Combating the Internet. Well, the idea is impressive, and many of those who published their work in the latest publication frenzy have not touched it. Perhaps if the novel had come out after the January revolution, we would have said it was taking advantage of events. But after years of revolution and after various ideas that were brought up in Egypt recently, you here wish yourself a police novel with at least some good ideas, especially after the high evaluation on the Internet and after the comments that are almost similar. But you will not find anything. Perhaps the speed and heat of events attracted you in the first half of the novel. But let me spoil you before you read it. The second half is very sleazy and disassembled. For a moment, she feels that the author no longer has anything to say or that he is unable to finish the events of the novel, so he decides to write what causes him to come out with minimal losses. Like Ramadan series, which they start filming so late that they start showing before the end of filming some scenes, and if they didn&#39;t, there might be time for modification. I will not get carried away here by saying that the accounts suspended on the novel are mostly fake and originated shortly after the release of the novel and over very short periods, and I will not say that most commentators are inevitably only friends of the writer who compliment him, I have repeatedly said about modern books until it became more like a conspiracy theory that lives in Arab shadows not so long ago, but it is noticeable that the comments did not talk about the pros or cons of the novel, but rather spoke about its magnificence and magnificence, and only in words that seem similar to any auditor or inspector or who is willing to read the various comments on a novel that reaches the limits of the ordinary and not dazzling or good even. It is deducted from the balance of the writer, whether it was he who did or that there were those who did. A novel that no one reads without evaluations or comments, someone comes to read it and comment on it in the future, a thousand times better than a novel with high evaluation and hellish comments from fake accounts that contain only the novel. Which is what will be counted on this generation or in fairness I say: Some of the books of this generation. Finally, the author did not forget to elaborate what might be his novel to cinema. Forbidden relationship between a police officer, a journalist, and some sexual scenes. A former jihadist sheikh who cooperates with security and misleads them. And a miserable demonstration of the lack of state security control or monitoring of newspapers and books, to the point that a journalist friendly to a state security officer publishes secrets against which the organ’s leaders are exasperated. The two stars are just for some quotes and phrases that are good for social media only. And the novel abounds in it
Site is close to services. Everything is good. I lived in a two-room apartment, and one of the bathrooms had a bad smell, and they asked me to change the room, but I did not change it because of my stay, and there is only one day left.
This is the novel concluded. . From time to time, I check the author’s name. Are you really the same writer you wrote to me? Is this the end? Is this a novel? I don&#39;t underestimate its value, but I think that it is better to keep a risk, it remains any other need. Thank God I had read you to me before I read, I never thought I would ever read it. Two distractions between them
When I read many of the novels that I liked, most of them were marked by upward stirring in terms of excitement, suspense, momentum of events and content, but with this narration the exact opposite happened, the beginning was very strong and interesting and promised a lot, but what happened after that was the exact opposite, it became a level The novel is in constant decline with the exception of some parts that were wonderful, but it became pale in my view, because the disgust of what preceded it or what came after it was covered. . On the cover of the novel, a brief summary about it caught my attention. ... where he tells us about Aisha, the beautiful girl who lived through love and suffered from ostracism and deception, and her long journey from the depths of Upper Egypt to the hidden worlds of Cairo to the tombs of the Valley of the Kings in Thebes ................. ........ We see Aisha&#39;s life, her fears, and her experience in discovering herself. This speech is not true at all, it may have been wronged and suffered but to say about it that it was formed with time and discovered itself, then this ??????????? Because her character has not changed, and has not evolved, she is from the beginning of the novel to its end ... a provocative personality. The two main characters in the novel are Aisha and Howard, but very frankly, if a character and Aisha&#39;s story are removed from the narrative text, it will not affect him at all, and being a Pharaonic queen in the view of Howard and bringing him luck can be easily replaced by others, especially since the characters involved in the novel are many, and most important in terms of The strangeness that attacked him upon his arrival to Egypt and took him with him to stay overnight and live his first experiences ....., so with ease, coming from a country, everything is permissible, he does not try permissible for him except in the country of everything is forbidden, and for this I think it is very easy to replace the lucky one very easily. With any other character breaking into the text .... I did not see I would like to mention the chapter on Nag Naga Bani Khalaf, but frankly this chapter is the big mistake in the novel .. .. I apologize for what I will say but this chapter is degenerate, dirty and very disgusting I would have tolerated it if it had a justification or convincing but what happened to him and most importantly in my view Aisha&#39;s reaction from him is not convincing It was never just a paper filler and an increase in porn. My first experience with Muhammad al-Mansi Qandil was an experience that frustrated me. I will try a moon for him on Samarkand for her fame and I hope that you forget me this miserable experience. The novel is very brief, almost beautiful .........
A book that reads in two hours three times is a light book that does not search from it, i.e. the book needs to try to discuss very large issues on the writer’s personality, the language used, the style is very superficial, and his way of directing the advice feels that it is naive and speaks to it to a little boy, but because the book called the truth of his method in changing the language of the dialogue there was something Trying to not feel bored, the book is not recommended to read
disappointing. The hotel is close to restaurants and a pharmacy, and there are no prostitute women in the lobby. Overpriced prices
A hotel that does not live up to stars. I do not remember. Room is not completely clean, dirty carpet and antique dyes. TV is very small, fridge is very small without freezer, it does not cool well, but its advantage is to keep the medium cold only. There is water smuggling in the bathroom. Room service workers only come in contact.
Clich .. She loves the brother who wants to formulate her in his own way, so she ends her relationship with him, in anticipation of his brother, whom she wants to formulate in her way ... and it seems that she was in a relationship with the two together at the same time. The beautiful Buthaina language often interferes with the boredom of the extension of events, but was not the case in this account:. . She grew older and forgot to forget the best of what she wrote, with a big difference
The novel is very popular and has many reviews on book sites, and I reached the long list of candidates nominated for the International Booker Prize for Arabic Fiction. The awards are still not a measure of my quality of work .. I read about them contradictory opinions, many praise the novel very much, and many also blame it so I decided to experiment myself. The truth, in my opinion, is a novel at the top of boredom ... Although the number of its pages is considered small in relation to the novels in general, I complete it with wellness. The novel talks about an Egyptian-English doctor whose purpose is to earn money and social prestige and lives with him the causes of his life change and his goals when he got to know the Kenyan girl Tuya The principles of the novel are very similar to the old movies, clearly the characters are very naive and depicting them .. The writer is charged with pure sincere drawing of integrated characters, but all of them came to describe them flat as if you watched them from his righteousness, not afraid in their minds and show their thinking..the evil speaks strongly that he is evil and the meek does not have any mistake Angel with violin wings Although the novel moved between Egypt, Kenya and England, the description of the place as the characters has no accuracy of depiction and no magic. The description of the literary style is normal and not distinctive, and it contains repetitions of many specific expressions. I was able to expect the events easily and not surprisingly, with any event, and some of the details I liked. One of the advantages is the polite writer style and some pages were fun, especially when the hero got to know the little Kenyan boy. The idea behind it is good, but the stereotypes spoiled her.
Radeel does not like it, because it provides alcoholic drinks in an exaggerated manner, the way of service is exaggerated, and eating is very normal and is not frequent.
I was very disappointed after her Maqarita, because I was very excited about it, because it is a horror episode, of course her name is, but unfortunately, all stories are possible with a little thinking, the last of which is known by what you read, except that it is supposed to be a horror episode, but the one I don’t need in it is a need
Weak. . When arriving at the hotel, the parking service is very weak, as there is only one person. When entering the hotel, there was absolutely no employee for more than five minutes, after which only one employee came and there were about four guests, including me, I was waiting to receive my room except at noon My mother was with me, an elderly woman, and they might be stubborn, some thing where the time for admission is, but what is the solution for when the customer arrives? It has not been changed after two nights to refuse The mother enthuses after opening the bags and arranging clothes in the cupboard, and the hotel did not make an apology for this mistake. The room does not have a slipper. God dear to you, except at the request.
Excellent location. The location of the hotel and the size of the room are great. Weak Wi-Fi and not a varied breakfast buffet
Very weak. . Not a good hotel
Acceptable . Breakfast was good. The positions are limited and the receptionist is uncooperative. Is it reasonable for a person to live without a key for his room?
The location of the hotel with these two specifications is lost by the Tourism Authority. . Reception, transportation, suhoor, annoying the phone to me in the corridors, cleanliness is bad, very very very very poor
Weak. Quiet hotel, cleanliness, reception and service. The street on which the hotel is located stands the hotel parking
disappointing. The place is nice. The frankness is expensive and the ROM is a service
The novel is a long and extremely bored break from the usual social hypocrisy that appeared frequently after the emergence of Nasser. The novel began with a young Brao who was present in its first quarter, then the author forgot his existence, and he began to recount the events of the disjointed novel without any interconnectedness, to suddenly remember in the last quarter that the narrator is still present and seal it and with flimsy events that make you regret the time you lost reading the book and hate The writer, as much as his hatred, is for the People&#39;s Party and for the faded cartoon characters who are supposed to represent the enemies of the people.
Very weak. . The hotel is very old. There is no internet. You have to pay a sum of money. In-room services from a weak coffee and tea. Generally the hotel is disappointing.
Weak. . I did not like the service as there are many resorts other than you and there is no payment system for entering the apartment early as it is empty
I just read it for Hadeel.
Book summary. God does not change what people do until they change what themselves
Weak. Room size. The bathroom has a fridge and a microwave. The presence of singles alongside family apartments? Very unpleasant smell from the kitchen. Dense dust on the mattress. Air conditioning is bad. It made me ask to change the room. Very noticeable, the level of hygiene is low. Previous experiences much better.?
Its Savior is still right away. My fans in it have the part to Rifaat, and Harry is digging for them for the grave, and they came to it by themselves. I am not convinced of it. Basically, they download at will. Secondly, before her, Harry Harry Sap, Dr. Dalmar, after he was beating him. It was felt that the director wanted to. He was in need of him, but the memory of an ant remained. Damn my memory
The time I stayed in this place was a loss of time by all accounts. nothing. Lack of credibility in dealing an unpleasant smell, the closest money to a sheesh cafe, bad furniture, some of which are iron from the Pharaonic era, chairs swing, and the internet service is very poor and in general it does not deserve the amount that was paid and, God willing, I will not return to it again.
Who convinced him that ND deserves publication in the first place?
Weak. . The internet was not operational and I told them to work to fix it, but unfortunately, no one cared about the situation .. As for the reception, the customer was not concerned with the cleanliness very bad as the employment is far-flung .. The restaurant and items were not satisfactory ... The hotel two years ago is ok either Now I don’t recommend it ..
Good, although he talked at length on points, he did not need a detail, and he skipped other points that need elaboration, but he did not give solutions and conclusions as I had hoped
I don&#39;t like it, I want it all for the Pharaohs
My first novel is by Amr El-Gendy
We visited him on Thursday at nine and half the night.
Star Hotel Blanket. And nothing I liked about it is an old, worn out hotel. The bathroom is worn out, the carpet is old, the lack of hygiene is enough for the tenant to grill, the prices are very exaggerated, and the buffet is also not suitable.
Weak. . The room that I received was air-conditioned. Mybredoglest two hours and a soft text took me a second room
A book, I want a stunning book, and unfortunately, I did not see you well, and I read it. A new need. But, in the aggregate, I do not like the way of Mahmoud Mahmoud in that he answers articles or arguments as far as the writer of this, and also salvation, and I feel that the subject is very deficient. I mean, you feel a sense of answering paragraphs of the text
disappointing. the breakfast. Distance from the sanctuary, the buses were delayed
The book is beautiful in its beginning, but the digression of the author is lost. To the point where I sensed that he was showcasing his philosophical talents and introducing several philosophical ideas and trends. Inconsistently and wasting the basic idea. The book contains many deep recurrences and digestions. But in the end, I understood and came up with something in Frederick&#39;s philosophy, especially that he is a fundamentally atheist person, and if I had wished the style had been the same. Best
Sleeping on the street. Quite clean. The reception was poor, the bedroom has a street view and is not isolated, sound
It was more accurate for him to call this childhood, because the book focuses on monitoring all the details of his childhood period. You will not find anything about Abd al-Hamid al-Sahar, the writer, and how his life went after he graduated from the university. He was able to monitor and remember all these situations in his childhood. I do not remember ten times this much about my childhood. I think that the writer&#39;s imagination has the greatest share in these stories .. Do not enter the book in order to benefit from the experience of this writer and how he went on his way until he reached what he reached, you will not find anything from that .. Personal margin: that period in the beginning of the twentieth century in Egypt is One of the most beautiful stages is a description of most of those who wrote about it and lived through it. Its details are always fun.
An inclined balance under an oppressive tower brings us together. On our looks a shadow. A wounded tree bent by tenderness. Bluish toes. Faint numbness and fear. I was lazy. My apple steps recovered the earth. Kateem in the wave of a palm. Crowns on my shoes were littered. Snow pouring heavily into the eyeliner. Cut a bandit sky. In his unknown direction, run. Kick the angels and all between us. :. Regardless, I don&#39;t understand. Her words from the right and the north. it&#39;s OK. When some are sad, unintelligible words are spoken, but you feel sad
The novel is sweet, there is no talk, I simply simplified it and concluded it in less than two days, and after it came down along. Ahmed Murad entered a world that was not new to him, but he maintained the same style, adding very many details, and this was bad
My experience with Al Jabri Hotel. I didn&#39;t like anything at the hotel and wouldn&#39;t stay there again even for a quarter of the price. Sea Hotel in all respects .. The hotel is close to the Haram, but due to transfers, the bus ride takes over half a hour. Taxi fare from the sanctuary to the hotel is average real. I do not recommend the hotel.
Thoughts are too short to be posts, and too long to be tweets. What is the significance of the randomness of this submission?
I finished it in two hours ... a novel like the rest of the Saudi love novels is normal. Abbreviated in one chapter, it is distinguished only by the dumb beloved character. A star of the writer&#39;s literary style, as it was sparkling in his first book ... and a star of the beautiful cover
The prisoner, I really like the novels adapted from realistic stories that are full of details, but I did not like this novel. Many parts made me stop reading it for a while and then complete it as usual for me to make me finish what I started ... The details of her life in the palace are beautiful but she overstated her narration until she became very boring and also distracted from her words in prison, treating them harshly, then kindly, and so on. I see that a portion of the imagination entered the novel, there are parts that I did not believe ... I did not like her way with God and her lack of discipline in words, to make her even deny his existence and then by chance during their escape plan she believes in the Virgin Mary. Even Christians believe in its existence. From the beginning of the story, she is proud of Morocco and she is an authentic Moroccan, but through her presentation it appears that she is influenced by the West and her French culture, so it seemed to me as a novel written by a Western person on the Arab countries and injustice in it ... and there is a part that I did not like nor better to mention ... painful but I did not enjoy it very
Enough with one star left. The star passed away. I can say:
The thing that bothered the story was that it could have been better and better than that.
Praise to Allah, Lord of the Worlds. Those days, Fathi Ghanem, a controversial novel, a long, strange novel, which I did not like when I was reading it, and I was telling myself that it is so important. The novel is about a professor in the College of Arts who is married to a student with him in the college. While practicing the sport of rowing, which is a champion in which this old professor, who is instinctively incompetent, picks her up, he has sealed the stage of virility from time and time ago. For fun at the expense of chastity, may God recover us, the important thing is that he knows Wei Rack of sorrow and a sense of shame and then manages her scheming .. here show a personal story of a young terrorist in a beautiful terrorist novice at the beginning of the ladder of terrorism lured this old wolf Feline under the pretext of a study of the personality terrorist. In fact, he wants to introduce him to his wife, even if they fell together in the sin. He passed her, and the scandal added. Fathi Ghanem added some complications to Omar’s terrorist figure. I don’t know why he chose the name: Omar? The important thing is the novel is complicated, but after reading it, it can be read at a leisurely pace. Adam Zuhani.
A book is light and entertaining and reads in an hour
A dreamy style is beautiful, as usual, with its romance and its depiction of her feelings accurately and lightly at the same time ... but I did not like the personal life of the protagonist&#39;s life because she is very rebellious and very very selfish and followed the principle of the forbidden is desirable and the first thing reached for her purpose is to flourish ... . :
My reading of the book is just a curiosity from me and I said laugh a little change from the daily routine, but when I read it I regretted it because they didn&#39;t laugh at me. I did not benefit from anything because I did not believe in the principles of winking. Because in my view the girl is a princess and the boy is obligated to run after her, and she is not required of her to represent and try to expect the boy in every way. Unfortunately, the book is in great audacity and insulting the girl
I miss Nizar in this court
Bakra Ahmed Murad
This novel is beautiful in its style that moves between the beautiful spinning and the style of surprise that draws the reader, but I see that there is a weakness that may stem from the weakness of its hero I do not know, but I did not feel satisfied when I finished it because I think that a girl with her beauty and the love that he loved him if he believed that he would have made an effort to preserve it more
Perhaps the most prominent thing that spoiled the novel is its promotion as an autobiography of Malik Oufkir and the life of her family from altruism to the King of Morocco Hassan II and his family until prison after her father General Oufkir’s attempt to assassinate him ... In spite of my awareness that the biography and its writing in a narrative framework requires us as readers of thoughtfulness or condoning judgment on it from the historical side at the expense of the narrative side, even that in this it had a share in the failure to disregard its reader in an provocative manner ... and this is an unforgivable matter but an insult to that Unfortunately, the reader ..
A mid-range hotel. The bed was comfortable. One of the reception staff had very bad response and talking to me on the phone.
I can&#39;t tell more than a bad novel
Excerpts from a novel in December that ends all dreams / Atheer Abdullah. =================. Women like obscenity. . Inside every human being has a homeland of his own ... Man does not belong to a patch ... Man belongs to his inner ... A woman is the path of a man to freedom, only a woman is able to free us from our slavery ... even though she alone is also able to enslave us .... I would very much like to think about the significance of the gifts I receive, for every gift has a story ... and with each gift a message .... In the life of every one of us, a thin thread connects it to life .. Once this thread is cut off, we lose the desire to breathe, wake up, think and live. . Some memories when you jump in our memories, and some of the past who suddenly appear in our lives from time to time, make us smile, not happiness or sarcasm, but because something beautiful past, and sometimes bitter, visited us at a time when we did not expect any visits from the distant past .. . When songs cry weep, it means that we are either in the extreme states of pain ... or that we are in the most urgent times .. and both feelings are a matter of grief. . The safest moment for a man is when a woman surrounds his arms, when a woman occupies his chest, when a man hugs a woman he loves, he feels that life embraces him tightly .. embraces him with love. . Humanity is a religion that includes all religions. How damned the Arabs are because something of their lands and history remains in them no matter how they tried to eradicate it .. Arabism is a hereditary disease that cannot be acquitted, a disease that we coexist with wherever we are and wherever we go, there is no ability for us to get rid of it even if we desire, strive, and treat us ... . Music is an incomprehensible state .. Do not understand .. A condition that makes us feel all that we can feel .. Music strips us of everything that is false .. It removes from us falsehood, fraud, and false flashes ... Music is a state of human creation, just like writing. Cuttings are like writing books .. Both of them require you to unite with yourself, to glide from everything except you ... for your soul to be freed from your body and transcend until it evaporates ... and becomes ethereal and nothing but ether .... Men think that they are much smarter than women, although for men the world remains a world that is not understood ... The past, which we insist on being dead, will remain alive as long as we are alive .. The past does not die .. He does not die .. His death is only an illusion, we try to persuade ourselves in it so that others forgive us of our past mistakes, and to be able to live without blame or blame. ... When we mourn in exile, our grief becomes filled so that the voice of grief can be nearly annihilated. In exile, no one is able to embrace our pains nor contain our scattering ...
The book is entitled Women’s Issues, but it was largely speaking of secularists. It is true that the secularists started to liberate the ideas of women and the differences in their affairs were the basis of them, but the book is weak in terms of women&#39;s rights .. For example, the writer criticized the leadership of women as if they were forbidden? He criticized the woman’s work, and if it is more correct to sit at home to serve his family ?? I see that these are mistakes that religion did not command. Unfortunately, my aspirations in the book failed after I was excited about from the first pages.
Weak. . The hotel is old and rooms are small and bad furniture
Very weak. . I asked for a smoke-free room, so they gave me a room with smokers. The room is at the level of one or two stars, and I don’t eat more
Beware of this hotel. The only good man allowed me out late. The site is surrounded by excavations, there are no stances, and above this crew are not cooperating at all. Cleanliness, God is good. It was the worst stay I stayed with my family for a week.
There is nothing wrong . Location only. The bathrooms are very narrow and have a wind
A very simple book, discusses the issue of reading, its importance and the necessity of maintaining it. This book is intended for beginners to read and those who are coming to it for the first time
Weak. . In the reservation it is written that with dinner, and on the day of the reception, they said that it was sahur because in Ramadan, I was surprised that the sahur was made of milk, hummus, beans, cheese, boiled eggs and bread.
Weak. nothing. The first thing that entered the room was its smell, it was never sweet, and the bathtub was in the bathroom. May God bless the reader. It was ruined and clean. I asked them to change it and the same thing as the second room. They gathered the management staff and they gave me a second room. You benefit from them more than once, and they request the second day calls, from the morning, what stops the phone and never annoy you . In short, I mean a hotel that never works, and I was never satisfied with it
Great idea, but building the story and its language. Very weak
God .. and philosophy. This man is tormented by these two things, chases and chaser ... and all his attempts to get them out of his mind bring more thought to them and his mind squeezing them with them ... I do not believe that he denies the existence of God ... I believe that he is very believing in him ... I do not believe that the atheists who insult God, day and night, is not more faithful than us to the existence of God ... Rather, he believed this in someone who does not know that he is an atheist except by asking him directly and personally ... As for philosophy ... despite his cynicism on it and its departments and emperors ... except that it is dissolved in it until the vanishing ... drowned until his head wilts ... and all this is not a philosophy. Rather, it is the product of the concerns that his mind produces from hurricane:. Perhaps God will forgive him. I think so
Noise can not sleep. Adjacent to City Center Mall. Annoyed all the time
One of the most ridiculous books I have read in my life ... after I loved you more than I should. The book is nothing but an attempt to embody a respectable young man above the necessary and calling for the degree of idealism and even the heroine patient and ideal in an exaggerated manner ..... when you try to embody an ideal person like pop ... Please do not resort to make the character justify its mistakes in an attempt to believe How good she is ... And the matter is the same with Malik, who gives you alive. The cause of a wound is deeper and greater than that foolish story told by Mary, who still loves him so far. The story narration and the novel are based on pure colloquial and interspersed with Guillotine lines justified in classical Arabic in an attempt to prove that this book is only a novel. Please, idealistic blash, the increase that was not present in our time with regard to love and relationships ... the book would have been nicer if it was about a failed love story but only realistic ... and the prolonged crying over the spilled milk is a weakness and provocation that is not heroism and frankness like what Malik is trying to get us the idea that no one is dying because of love, because the issue is not worthy of all unjustified depression, and also from an Egyptian youth. I do not recommend reading it ... a waste of time and money
No way. For me, it was nothing more than a relegating Arabic movie. It is more than precious. I searched a lot for a description or classification of this novel, but I could not find in myself a better description of this for her:. Yusef Zidan is a good or literally acceptable language, but the novel needs more than a good language to be successful .. As for the end of the novel, it is neither an open end nor an expected end. Let&#39;s say a cropped ending can be categorized as the worst ending of the second worst novel I have ever read. I am not sorry for reading this novel, so I did not expect Youssef Zidan what would be better than this. I have not yet read Azazel, so my readers have come to a store, then it shocked me. I just feel sorry that my library contains a novel like this: /
And the two stars are in honor of my time, which was lost in my reading only
Mistake. A hotel that needs services and its workers and a very modest breakfast buffet can be less than modest. Reception Fadeh Sita security seated there is no good service
I do not know who convinced the writer that he is a horror writer. Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq may be distinguished by his books that talk about common human situations such as childhood memories. And others and some satirical books. Writing horror is a profession, then it must be satisfied with medicine or plumbing:
Ideas are good in the book, I started reading the book after advice from a friend, and my expectations were not high because of the book&#39;s name at first .. The book was able to communicate his idea, but unfortunately he failed miserably in applying it through his book. The writer criticizes the bad social phenomena, but, ironically, he managed to depict the greatest and worst social phenomenon in my country, which is the skin of the self, its deduction, its comparison with others, and its praise even unjustly in order to reveal the truth, as it continued to use this provocative method from first to last page In this book .. The writer&#39;s style gave me all the negative messages that started from the title, even if it was intended as a story in the book, but it is still provocative and of the type I am better than you and older than you and more than you morals, and you are a pity. Modification: Even the phenomena discussed are trivial and really do not settle
The book is very comical and funny in many parts of it, but its content is contradictory to each other in some parts, as if it were separate stories. Although it was supposed to be interconnected because it is supposed to cut one segmented. Fun, but not at all useful. The speech is so clear, it is not possible to write it again
The fuqaha &#39;of Tuaa Zaman or now will drop their male culture on their interpretation of the Qur’an, and give priority to the Qur’an, as what is their culture dictating to them, what does the writer do? She thinks that the Qur’an is also the same as her libertarian philosophical culture. She says .. the writer in the foreground of the book’s followers makes sure that the book is nothing of success or fabrication, but all that I met in the pages of this book is a miserable attempt from it that it reconciles its culture and its concept of urbanization and freedoms with the Qur’an or Islam Generally, the only fairness in the writer is that his style is very consistent with his name, confusion. Her honey is tasted in place Again, the writer describes the messenger with modesty.
No comment . . There is no privacy in rooms, as it separates a room from a closed door room only
The defect is cleanliness. . I never liked the cleanliness
Very weak. nothing. Everything I did not like is claiming to be a five-star hotel, but when you see it on the ground it gives only one star, and perhaps if it compares it with five-star hotels, it may not exceed the star and on the idea of all the hotels in Medina that are miserable and not at the level of five stars or even a star, but if not the Prophet’s Mosque Sharif When someone in the hotel thought about these hotels, I think that new hotels will be opened on the same lands as the current hotels, which are next to the Holy Prophet’s Mosque and are truly five stars in every sense of the word.
I greet the author on the idea of the novel, an attractive and new idea to us. I felt that it was possible to graduate better and more philosophically and more deeply. Good luck and always for the better:
As the lions choose their pillow, our mind chooses its queens ... the black is worthy of you ... Truly, it is not just a novel, as usual, that Ghanaian thought, and appetite is rarely and strongly fallen in our hearts ........... dreams of Mostaghanemi .. I do not read for you , But I am learning from you .. That was my opinion with the first pages of the novel .. It did not differ in general at the end of it, but it differed in particular ... Let&#39;s see :::. Dreams of a lady with sensation, not events. In this sense, your feelings were overlooked in a way that reduced the logical and the justification of the sensation and sometimes. Lack of it. I repeated more than once the expression of high altitude, whether for the heroes&#39; thinking or describing the degree of the strength of their relationship or their talkative sentences, but unfortunately I did not feel that dizziness resulting from that high altitude in the sense, thought, challenge, or mental intercourse ... except from the hero. Although he is somewhat ill metaphorically, he is truly, according to your description, attractive, not with his money, but with the height of his high-minded thought ... which made me easily find the justification for the heroine’s love for him, but unfortunately I did not find the justification for his love for her .. or his attraction to it .. ........., I only needed and found it, and I only wanted and tasted it. Come and come .. Go and go .. Travel and travel .. Where is the match that you felt that you or he was injecting in the sense, you know the principle of director I want so I did not feel it in all your previous work as much as you felt here. I did not see her absolutely dazzling .. I did not see her attractive except if this man was Ramram..a man in the same manner of his wisdom loves those who refrain .. or who refrain .. but they do not prevent or refrain. I did not feel enough to struggle with herself .. He saw her great despite her childhood and unfortunately he did not succeed in making me see her as he sees her I saw him with her eyes so I believed her, I saw her with his eyes and I did not believe him. The relationship was only a one-sided match he played, one team on the field and the other team neither playing nor a goalkeeper. Whenever he wanted to score a goal he scored, which in the end justified him as insulting him just because she apologized for his money and that she insulted her with her greatest secret. Hala .. Her letters were not impenetrable walls, a dazzling halo, not smart, and her ascension to the steps of the honorable ladder in the end was only due to fate, not by her effort or her will .. She came to her by chance and went up to the director, so I wanted to. Do not skimp on us with a new trilogy, that black presto is worthy of you in its beginning, wait for a halo with another .. or halo with the same hero .. then the match will be after losing the aura of her virginity, not women&#39;s life. Despite all of that, I cannot help but bow to the ability of your pen to express, despite your excessive elaboration, but it permeated me completely ... I learned and I am still learning from your pen ... coexisted with the feeling of your words regardless of the position in which you said or expressed it ... ....... Wait more, explosive explosive feeling:
The waste hotel We stayed at the hotel for one day, and we only found the manager and one of the boys who worked in room service. No one is there if you want any help .. If you touch anything in the room, it will fall .... It is better not to touch anything .... We called the manager to tell him that the water does not reach the room ... What was of them except that They told us they would change the room for us ... so we told them: Well ... but we waited for half an hour ... but no one answered ... then we called them again ..... no answer .... then we tried the tube Once again ... In the end we got the water ... and then they brought us extra money, and even if they were paid online, they carry you additional money as well.
The service is a garbage, may God Almighty. nothing. Everything is rubbish. I would not advise anyone to live there
Do not come to this hotel. I did not like anything. The staff does not come quickly
Spirits converge in the Kingdom of God
Is writing the novel a talisman required of the reader to decipher it, meaning it is an attempt to materialize reality with all its repression, joy and pain. These ridiculous monotonous riddles only, read them with Raja Alam. As if the language is a display of muscles free of any taste and suspense.
The worst place. The worst place to sleep The worst place you can sleep in is to rate it
disappointing. The location of the hotel is very excellent for going outside the Haram area. The morning breakfast is excellent. There is no cleanliness at all. The floor is dirty. As well as the bathroom. The pillows are also dirty and some of them carry stains. The laundry service takes a long time and in urgent cases it is very expensive.
disappointing. Mostly good if the hotel shed some unwanted workers. A manager, coordinator or manager, exactly what his job is, but he is in the Gulf restaurant department. He is an unwanted person in addition to such a stop that corresponds to you, and you eat, why don&#39;t you know ?? I expected that I could come and say something missing from you or the rest of the brothers working in the buffet, but really a little taste and a person misplaced
Useful at first, but totally inadequate
Boring events about being a diary of a free girl or as a Saudi woman, our freedom is limited. And I think freedom has no limits, so why is it called freedom? The lack of modesty and neglect of customs and religion do not consider him as free as the author sees it.
There is no . We booked the hotel because there are buses, and we did not find that we had to rent and the taxi takes you 50 riyals for delivery to the campus. The absence of transportation buses for the campus, even though it is written, and there is no money exchange, even though it is written
Weak. . Receptionist treated him very poorly
When your buddy&#39;s death becomes a ray of hope in a dark world. When your human structure becomes a strange entity, it lacks human qualities. When you turn yourself into the only enemy that allows you to face them. When your memories, dreams and wishes are your own suicide method. When death conspires with your executioner to ensure your ultimate deprivation of liberty. When beasts are punished as speaking beings. When ... and when and when. ... just things that you may believe existed or not. But in the end it will make you think about what stinky world that the narrator lived in
Weak. . I was surprised that the hotel overlooks the Hamra market, not the sea, so the price is overrated for the location
I decided not to waste Susan Aliyuan again. I am bored and hated her:
The story is very beautiful, but I was always bored during reading because of many details
Very weak. . Not worthy of being a hotel with poor services
Not intended for humans. Location only. Everything inside the apartments
Very weak. They took out an amount so far, I ask them to take back a week. Tired, I didn&#39;t like it
I could not complete this book, and it was a bitter experience in fact, this book in my appreciation is mainly intended for the teenagers category or for fans of Ahmed Helmy films in particular. And thank God that he stopped writing those articles that were published in Al-Dustour newspaper before the January revolution.
Despite the existential tendency that engulfs the writer, and despite sexual photography, I thought I was reading a Playboy publication, but it embraces a deep philosophy that a person cannot deny and what is within him of an in-depth philosophical discourse that lies in pleasure, especially in its last sections entitled Edward and the Lord
Dr. Yusef Zidan is a great thinker and has a long history in writing articles .. But writing the novel differs greatly from writing an intellectual article .. First, I dwell on the writer very much in the narration and write unimportant details whose purpose is only to show knowledge and reading capacity which affected Negating the novel and losing its enjoyment .. Secondly, I cannot believe that a great writer like Yusef Zidan writes such a low dialogue that we saw in the novel, and that any teenager who broke into the novels for the first time could write better than him .. Third, the rhythm of events is slow enough to make you She stops reading the novel more than once and even decides not to complete it because the events are unattractive and do not It encourages the reader to follow the eagerness .. bad novel, and each horse stumble
disappointing. I did not like anything. Inattention, indifference, and delay in response
I finished the novel and I am seriously surprised by the glorified writer. Bouteflika. But this is what caught my eye on the novel. Strange
The idea of the novel is sweet, and it is also one of the novels written in a sarcastic way on the political events at the time that the novel tells about it and the way the dialogue is presented is fairly good, but in the end there is no novel, no story, and no meaningful after what the novel is saved. I mean, can we be satisfied with reading the discovery about the novel? It is all strange that he has a very great writer Sarmago, but the novel has a black spot in his works.
Actually as it is said: Zaink Saket. This narration may reflect a part of the naivety of girls and the goodness of their hearts that they are always proud of, and there is no shame in being na غve and angry because of the lack of experiences, but the shame and absurdity are that experiments continue, and let down, and the human being remains the same. It is assumed that a girl like Jumana is spoiled and accustomed to herself and within a peaceful family, that is, there are no contract nor childish problems that invite her to relate to a love that is sad for him to know well in order to put an end to things, and that the love of the other ends if this other exceeds your dignity, otherwise how can you love one and you Do you not love yourself or defend them? For a large part I was merged, but since Aziz&#39;s escape I felt sorry for my lost time in Aziz. He did not mention any justifications for sympathy for him ... except for the family&#39;s permanent denunciator. It is unfortunate to find a man close to forty who cannot resolve one of his decisions. It is unfortunate that he brags in the name of love, and he does not realize that the greatness of love lies in that he altogether changes us and gives us strength that we have not experienced ourselves. Unfortunately, this is the case of many young people in the homelands and that girls are like Jumana. Their numbers are innumerable ... This does not deny the ability of Athir Linguistically, and I believe in converting the novel in two parts into a series that may guarantee extra success, because people love emotional tragedy.
Be kind, be patient, be positive, the path of success begins with a step and you cannot jump directly to the summit, but it must be a step followed by a step to reach ... the words of a consumer.
Very weak. . The presence of groceries is not a suitable hotel, so specialists should be called to discover the hotel and make a quarantine for this hotel. The hotel is qualified to help the sick in illness very, very quickly.
Uncomfortable sleep. The staff is serviced. The smell of rooms
Ashmawy and films of stories and groups are incomprehensible and illogical events in which the scenario Inas Bakr continued to draw a figure for the story of the writer Adel Abul Fotouh trying to present an artwork that could be composed of more than one story and a story to enter the circle of triple films or with different groups and stories where the story of Ashmawi who lives in the middle His simple family, if the alarm bells threaten his life when his elder daughter Dalal Abdel Aziz becomes ill, then her husband Muhammad Wafik is forced to steal a company and during his escape, one of the thieves participating in the theft kills the company guard and accuses Muhammad Wafik of killing him and condemns him to death ... Here we see a group M Thin lines of different stories with which the viewer becomes distracted. There is the story of Ashmawi&#39;s life, what he is exposed to, the axis of his personal life, the harassment of his daughter Hala Fouad inside the university because of the work and job of her father, another axis that crystallizes in the robbery, the gang, and the illness of his daughter, and a third about his uncle&#39;s bad hatred of Ashmawi and his kidnapping of his daughter .. You feel a strong feeling that you are watching the Ali Baba summer cinemas, which were displaying more than one movie in one party, in addition to displaying a set of ambiguous circumstances that have no basis and no reason for their existence, especially Ashmawi&#39;s insistence to execute the death sentence himself in the husband of his daughter Muhammad Wafik and looked forward to doing it as if Y He, all his ambition and hope to do so, forget that writer Enas Bakr, that his daughter’s husband had to steal, rescued Dalal Abdel Aziz, Ashmawi’s daughter from the certain death of her illness, and this is what does not happen and will not happen in any reality, and for any normal normal person looking to kill or execute a death sentence In one of his relatives ... Farid Shawqi ventured into this role and decided to try his expressions and emotions on his personal responsibility and not on technical and objective grounds, and for this his role was incomprehensible and bewildering, and all that is calculated for the film is the movement of the new camera and the director Alaa Mahjoub was able to create difficult angles like angles Ruling on carrying out executions in the first scenes of the film as well I mean to use the emotions of the actress Hala Fouad in a good way to present the character of the daughter who suffers from two things and gets worse due to her father&#39;s job, even though the scenario came in that case is very weak to show Hala&#39;s life and focus her attention on her self only at a time when her sister Dalal suffers from her illness and to sentence him to death on Her husband and this is what made the movie somehow acceptable.
Its level is lower than normal. His thoughts are somewhat repetitive
Weak. There is no. Unpleasant odor in the toilets. The carrier of the bags is not present at the time of our arrival. The reception staff do not have powers to enable them to serve clients.
The writer excelled in describing nature and the surrounding environment, but there were no features of the characters. I did not feel their suffering, I did not suffer with them, and I did not hear their insides. I was eager to explain more about the events accompanying that period in Lebanon, and what happened with Helena and Barbara, two stars due to the writer&#39;s proficiency in describing the details and the starting strength
I will not repeat the visit. nothing. Bad hotel. Check is more than half an hour. Also, checkout took a long time. The decor and furniture are old, the service is slow and the price is expensive.
disappointing. . The bed is uncomfortable and not clean
I see solutions that are preserved against people and morals that insult and do not preserve. They say: Time is corrupt, and they are corrupted, and what time is corrupt
A simple book, it is true, the writer is a Christian, and does not mean that religions differ. It is forbidden to read what was written.
Overall a fairly good novel, poetic language, classy feel. A distinct title was the first attraction of my wish to read. Unfortunately, events were absent from her. The first part of the novel about the heroine, whose name was not mentioned, came in the form of thoughts. It was very boring and distracted me. Nibal&#39;s ideas in this part were not arranged. The last part of Jiafa is the best, but linking it to the first story puts him down. I did not find the spirit of Palestine to work, nor did I find depth in drawing the characters of work. Most pages of the novel revolve around the same astronomy and the same event is very slow. This is my second reading of Nibal after dreams on the waiting list. I love her style, and I will definitely read to her again, and all certainty that the next work will be much better. Good luck, Dear
Thoughts on the page only. Simple and very light style. It takes no more than minutes to read. Weak
Worse. Nothing and reservation was necessary only. Everything is bad .... I do not recommend it
Sweet, uh, but a very exhausting narration. Naguib Mahfouz, the novel worker with an alphabetical index of characters, to try to link the characters to each other. I advise you to answer a paper and a pen. I mean a little bit of paper and a map of the characters works on the paper because it is not written in chronological order.
A new encounter with boredom, monotony, and boredom again. It is not my habit to make a book before I finish it. Either positive or negative. Whether I like it or not. But after thirty pages of boredom in such a heartbreaking way in a book of sixty pages. I did not know what the writer wanted after thirty pages of repetition and boredom. Sorry, I am not interested in knowing the rest of its content no matter what. In my view, this series is still one of the most popular books. And yet, I regret hurry to buy it
Sayings, wisdom and scribble
Laugh at it. nothing. Everything
I do not know I am lost from me, I am not me:. This is my sensuality in the last novel. I hesitated to read the blue elephant and took a week in it for what I had concluded, and I was afraid of its end from what I heard about it. The narration is far from any religious level, and this was annoying me frankly. Even in the case of the discovery that a sheriff is a touched person, he should have a biography that the sheriff is close to our Lord, praying two rak&#39;ahs, reciting Qur&#39;an. And use it for some religious analogies. A bright yellow color that does not please the eyes of the arched vaults Qunis in the belly of the whale. Also, the accurate description of wine, its types, magnificence, drugs and the way it is used. Finally. Is Yahya the same person affected, or is he mentally ill?
The stuffing, the tide, and the lengthening are the worst of it, along with exaggerated and dark scenes that are exaggerated and unnecessary. Why do not you know that there was a large and widespread commotion on it ... a different story, but it is not genius that means
Embellishment, you are not. Good, the location is good, cleanliness, and a little expensive. Book through Bukking is better, because they are more expensive for direct drinkers. There are no laundry facilities, and there is no laundry
Semi-Turkish series
I hope these notes are considered and addressed, thank you. Breakfast is good, but cleanliness is not good. Imagine the mattress was not changed until the last day, although I stayed from Saturday to Thursday. It is required daily to change bed linen, as well as bath towels and clean the room with a vacuum cleaner that has not been completed and for a day until I left the room the room was not vacuumed
When you do not find an explanation for these, you will find it here ... The teachings of a mentally ill patient who is following this path.
The idea is good. A father tells about his life with his two handicapped children with a new and promising idea. But the treatment is very poor, because I personally did not know whether I sympathized with the father or with the two children, and I did not enjoy reading as an act merely to interact with its events. Besides that the language is simple and ordinary.
This book, guys, has a whacked shape. Someone knows the book to translate from. I think that he did not have a root origin and the author originally did not say anything on the net. And the books are very true, and we want to alert them
A sad literary language, which is not classified as a narration with which rules and psychological conflict have arisen, it is a very long message interspersed with some situations to excite the reader .. First of all I know, the writer is influenced by the style of Muhammad Hassan Alwan, especially the novel The Roof of Sufficiency, the same call to his beloved and his longing for him, but with less style and many grammatical errors Or, coincidentally, that the Saudi writers hold the same style. The story of a soliloquy that was repeated and I did not feel anything that motivated me to continue just so as not to darken it ... The writer wanted to add a little disdain to his condition in describing his betrayal in a deeply failed opinion ... rarely what a man is wrong and punishes himself with betrayal, and nostalgia where he described his suffering? .. her struggle ..? The novel cracked a lot in the middle, beginning and end ... Juvenile jumps were not smooth ... Feeling a little as if his letters were created just for writing..Do not write in the depth of his pen. End of the title Slaughtered the novel from its beginning Baby dumb, honestly I have arranged the events before I read it, I hope that he fixes his mistakes the next time he has beautiful words but lacks the feeling, plot, narration, attraction.
I read Hogan, then I read Benjamin, I didn’t know about there and I bought the book and I saw his readership .. A very novel version of his beginning about an angel, her details, her beauty and her text, events that were frustrating and the latest events I felt myself watching Batman and two balls, and I was able to save them, I tried to read them quickly, read a line and pull two lines I could not rid her of her absurdity, with all due respect to the writer.
Badr . nothing. The manner of the receptionist, ie on the same day of arrival, is not acceptable
Normal . nothing. It is strange not to allow friends to enter the room
I expected it to be like a bamboo leg and better, but even the style is different. I could not complete it, and it stood with the text, very boring, because what you liked the story itself basically .. the title of the book deceives.
Unfortunately, there is no less than one star. I think we live in a world that is much worse than the western world. It is impossible for this to be an Islamic society. Why are so many disgusting words. The novel mostly talks about sex. Writer as most of the book now. Their sales rise at the expense of their morals. And their sins also rise. Unfortunately, this novel kills innocence of people. They knew nothing of these disgusting things. Others open eyes and encourage them to engage in endless sins. Why .. really why .. where is morality. God forgives the writer
She left the next day for poor service. The price is reasonable. The room smells so bad. The elevator needs minutes to see the cleanliness of the room. It is very bad. Suspicion is lying and stalling. I didn&#39;t get a room with a view.
Prostitutes prostitutes prostitutes and more prostitutes I was visiting Dubai to hold a meeting with one of the suppliers and my office booked a hotel close to the supplier and everything was going well. Upon entering I found the bar to the right full of daughters who fancy looking for someone interested in them. Upon completing the check-in procedures, the employee told me that it is not allowed to take guests to the room ... I had no intention of bringing anyone to the room. The room was not feeling well and noisy noises came from the street and from the disco. I was told there was a concert that night, I went to a disco / second floor ... I had a guy named Bob and a prostitute in the audience. I managed to stay for one drink, and left after one of them touched my organs. It is impossible for me to go back to this place again.
Bad novel and bad literature, but there is something from the reality of the underground liberals
I picked up from Adonis&#39;s book collection, this title was wrong, so I wasted my time to end it. He did not live up to my tastes, so I am not inclined to this type of writings, which revolve around a woman and the smell of sin present, focused, and transcending its borders to scattering religions and mixing them with the Islamic religion .. It is my own opinion.
This is my first reading experience for Yasser. I did not like the book. I was unable to find the writer’s spirit between his pages. I felt in front of a broken copy of several books, and the writing style was very dull and boring
disappointing. . The absence of an elevator in the parking lots away from the entrance
She repeated herself repeatedly ... and made me desperate for any novel she published after that.
Generally, this is our society..the ultimate cruelty..If a girl is late in marriage, she is told that you are not married in different ways, including praying for the arrival of the permissible son, for example, and if our Lord honored her and got married, she did not give birth to reproach so tirelessly and if she gave birth to the girls, she was told that she did not give birth to the boys and so on .. This was my comment on the Pride Blog .. I applaud her for trying to stand up to these backward phenomena and not to submit to community pressure.
Very weak. I have never liked a very, very bad hotel. Interview and deal. The picture of the room shown is not in reality. The hotel smells musty. The room smells of rotten mold. The area is bad. The lighting you are inside a cave. Note: The wondrous I say the wondrous is that he is rated four stars and does not deserve the star Question: Has this hotel been subjected to
A very boring novel, a strange and repetitive continuation in describing pain, especially at the beginning of the novel, other than the strange analogies such as snow lava, and after that we communicate the idea of the novel&#39;s psychodrama, its events are exposed and non-woven to the extent that you know all the events of the novel step by step to the end of it as soon as you reach its text, but nothing new has been done I agreed with the writer completely that the idea of the psychodrama is not exclusive to the person, but the repetition of the same idea must be in it a renewal, and what was not clear in the novel de Mevich any renewal for a movie. And what was the most famous movie dealing with this idea, on the contrary, I was walking with the film step by step without any new examples like this:. The soldier who died in the war was present in the novel and all the difference was the name of the war and the army that was fighting it. Crazy that meets him and says you are just a game of the author here, use the same sentence without any change. In the end, it is a very loose novel and a failed attempt to copy artwork as it is without any renewal.
I don’t know, I felt bored and tired, so tired of the book .. Days in a book and a small book also ... Displaying his point of view without paying attention to displaying the counter point of view and ridicule is exaggerated from everything ..
Too bad and never recommend it. nothing. Dirty, very poor reception, in short, you don&#39;t live in
A very strange book. The writer chose the woman who plays men to talk about. Originally, it is not a book of a group of ridiculous sentences I did not like: |
Excerpts under the headings .. plain, simple, boring and creative
My first experience with the writer and I will hesitate a lot before repeating it. A beautiful title day that expresses well the events of the leap novel. Simple language for events is an acceptable narration without repetition in more than one situation. The novel may be of a philosophical type in the late search for his lover&#39;s names. Which I felt was that in the end he stopped looking for it because he realized that what he was searching for was the same humanity that his miserable circumstances which he had not robbed of him and which he did not choose and did not agree with and that became part of him and his personality .. the people who live with them and discover in one position that they are the worst enemies have They pay you as a scapegoat to achieve their goal. Power, politics, religion, and their impact on the lives of miserables were present indirectly. If you read novels to enjoy, do not read this novel
A good short novel for a new old Arab story
Too bad I would never recommend it. Only parking is free. Waiting to log in about four o&#39;clock and the staff is not friendly and the service is very poor .. I didn&#39;t like disconnecting the electricity from the room before the text of the hour from the time of the exit and they have no additional time to register to go out to the Guinness
I decided to read it after seeing the author&#39;s name because I enjoyed reading the current Jew’s account. Frankly, I cannot believe that the author of the two versions is the same author. A weak and cliched narration to the end. I don’t know what the writer wants to connect when using his brazen words
Gamal Abdel Nasser was not a god nor was he even a just ruler or just a human being
disappointing. Wi-Fi. The toilet does not have a key to lock
He did not intercede for the distinctive narrative style in which the novel was written for her, to give her an additional star, and he would not intercede for any style or any plot, for any book I read, if it disrupts .. The situation may be different for some, it is a personal opinion in the end .. Ahmed God, I did not waste money when I read it. The time that was wasted on reading it was sufficient, because I had borrowed it from a public library.
The book is misused and sticky Oy
An anecdotal group chanting the rebellion against sterile customs and traditions and introducing them to the person himself. Some people are killed in the name of religion, and some of them are insulted and slandered in the name of customs and traditions, and some are accused of treason for the sake of greedy power. Gibran&#39;s style is sweet in the formulation of words and expression, but most of the things I have read here are cliche and his conception of a certain idea was very expected and somewhat shallow. I don’t know, but I expected to read this very well-known, non-repetitive writer. Two stars are enough for this book
Treat the receptionist and the loud discotheque. Ismail receptionist and baggage handler. The receptionist treated his name as Inam and his style, so he dealt in a bad way and at night the sound of the songs from the disco was so loud that you couldn&#39;t sleep
Unfortunately, I did not pay attention to the type of book before owning it ... I felt bored while reading his admiration for her character ... I did not benefit from the book, but I put part of the blame on me ..
Then change whether the pasta that I love and always order .. or pizza or garlic bread it is possible for a seafood pizza, because what has changed so much is enough, but the pasta is enough and its name is carbonara, it dispersed a lot, so we sent our restaurant from the list:
Weak. . I did not like the way of reception and not allowing us to go to sea at evening
As usual when reading novels, I will stop at a quarter of the novel if events do not attract me, and this is what happened again with this novel .. A monotonous narration of the characters of the story
My reviews are Nojoum Hotel. Breakfast is very very very poor. Bad service for a star hotel
I feel that my heart ache all that happened to me, the cover of the novel, which shows Aljudreds and everything that I think I am her village .... and surprisingly about my reaction to the novel de after reading it, but I do not imagine any other reaction to it if it came back in time to the time of her reading and the place of her village. Her village is in the Marina on the North Coast in August, meaning shortly after its release and shortly before the revolution, and it is possible that my hatred for her is the time and place of her reading. The truth is that from my time, my sisters and I were accustomed to reading in the resort ... Alexandria connected with the accounts of Joseph the Seven and the Gas of the Five Adventurers and the three adventurers Mohsen, Hadia, Mamdouh and Cocktail, and when my father stayed, he rented to us every year a chalet in a village from the northern coast for a week, since he was in A permanent travel case for work that prevents us from buying a private chalet. We were the first to enter the village. We turn to the library. Even if we do not invent, we invoke requests and fills that do not come apart except in Marakia, Marbella or Marina, where the libraries of Al-Ahram, Rosaliaus, and the Republic are in. Our summer in Marina is almost once, and the village was completely different from what it was. It was quiet and its sea descended, unlike most of the villages in the coast, but my father does not like it ... It feels crowded and will remain chaotic. I returned to Marina on the grounds that my husband&#39;s family had a chalet there and we spent part of our vacation from her time ... and hated her. A pretentious city, and the people in it are most pretentious, noisy and ridiculous loud .... young people&#39;s suffocations don&#39;t know their money and often because of free girls ... and some girls travel alone and use the Autostop for walks inside the vast village as well as young people, and this is dangerous, because we sometimes from the crowd we use the desert instead We do not move by air to the village and it does not guarantee a limit even from .... Simple people, all of its concerns are that it is said about it, it was summer in a marina, so you go down to apartments in the outskirts of the village, and people laugh at people, there is a chalet and go to their senses for the same reason .... beaches where violations occur Moral, then closed and bloom again .... a world unpleasant not accepting and wellness convinced my husband Ne Mesh Ayza valgus Tani never there. There, I remained a utopia village, before the revolution, and at the height of boiling, and the people there and not in her mind ... going to spend two sweet days .... And I am not comfortable myself for the same reason, but what I see there is exaggerated. The novel talks about the people who settled in the North Coast, guarded by the Marines, and committed all vices ... why do you generalize ??? It is not possible for anyone who comes here not to be the case ??? I mean, I can die, and if that happens, my situation and my child&#39;s status remain. The virtue of my hatred of the novel and its events increases, and I associate it with time and space, and on every page I say, God is not, and there is no limit .... one day I threw it. She drowned her in a lake in Marina Lakes ... I threw it, and I said, &quot;Gori, you bleak novel ... Gori.&quot; As if I was rid of the negative aspects of the place and saying to the writer who naturally loved and respected him and very, very much, see utopia with your belongings. I drown it in the utopia that you imagine. God, and there is no Valc .... Val Val and God. I don&#39;t know that my hatred has evidence of failure and no success .... but I think, and God knows that there is a need between between, failure that it occupies a place in my heart and success that it has made the desired effect and it cannot be that I or my children can be part of the world for this even in spite of the society that we mix with it and who Really scared. I didn&#39;t like the novel sincerely ... I can&#39;t love it, and you can try even to love it
In principle, I will evaluate the novel on my previous reading of the novels of Nour Abdel Majid. Catters painful narration covered in the course of the usual Alnkdi writer. But I like the style of writing it. The Great Deprivation is the fourth narration of Nour Abdel-Majid, yet with separation, and Solo and women, but. On the subject of great deprivation, the idea of the novel is a unique deprivation of love and beautiful life, but only. But depriving the rest of the novel of something incomplete. Mage in maternity. And Mustafa F, his life, is not on his side, even though he did not commit anything. Decisive in losing his sense of responsibility. The novel in itself is beautiful, but it is not wrong with the writer&#39;s insistence on portraying the heroine in each of her novels, by wearing the same clothes, Chanel. And Spardel and perfumes of luxurious types and hairdo, and this is something in every novel. And the hero with the abundant handsome that the heroine overcomes. The end of the novel is largely satisfactory, open and closed at the same time. She evaluates the year of two stars by comparing all her narrations to their village. Solo remains the coolest of all
He is in his words ..
The information is conveyed in a simple way .. As usual, Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud does not address the topics with careful scrutiny and detail .. I think that he preserved this feature in this kit as well, as I think that he tried to push the Muslim reader to research in this field more if you want to increase, but it is not A book for examined research or detail ..
The novel is long and tedious due to the lack of its events, I read it because it is classified as the first Arab novel, and I really liked some quotes and the writer&#39;s ability to photograph and describe many of the contradictions that pass through the thoughts of the characters, especially Zainab and Hamid .. compared to what I knew about the Egyptian countryside through other novels, serials and old movies that really surprised me Some of the boldness that I found in the novel, but the critics attributed it to the early writer&#39;s influence on European and French literature and the fact that he wrote the novel while he resides in Paris .. The novel is classified within the classics, so I am not impressed by the course of the story and the exaggerated drama and the death of the heroine affected by her love in the end. Some writers make me believe that people in the early twentieth century died either in wars or as a lie to the separation of the beloved.
The worst stay in Fujairah. I did not like anything. The hotel is very depressing and you don&#39;t feel safe and the smell of smoke is everywhere and the photos on the site do not match the reality of the hotel
An Arabic movie ... Muqaddish is a real remedy for people&#39;s perception of terrorism, especially the West, who thinks mentally, not emotionally. The novel dealt Sara with love, but the rest of the people we will convince them. Another Arab movie, a light novel for fun, not to think
Nibal ... I feel her writing musical compositions, but sometimes she loses the melody ... the sound becomes dry, normal, and looks like anything .... most of the texts were previously published on her page ... so she didn&#39;t surprise me the first reading .. ... about Love ... memory ... absence ... nostalgia ... longing .... despair .... wait. Forgetfulness .... And all this you write in a sumptuous sadness ... between the ordinary and the distinguished, she swung with her letter.
The book is nice for the age of the writer Al-Saghoun who has one year:
disappointing. I really like the speed of entry and exit, good reception and internet availability. I did not like the bad hygiene and inconvenience on the street because of the hotel’s ruling. The parking is also very narrow. The distance from the metro and the Emirates Mall is a car. I don’t advise anyone who wants to use the metro to live in the hotel
A private hotel for Filipino and foreign workers. The rooms are clean, the service is good, there are a lot of services and shops near the hotel but especially for workers from East Asia. The location of the hotel is very bad, as the whole neighborhood of workers from East Asia, who used to high-end hotels will not be able to endure, the hotel decorations are ugly and very ugly everything in green lighting and carpets, the Internet is weak in the rooms, the lack of sound insulation, inconvenience from the neighboring rooms and corridors, breakfast buffet Very limited and food is bad, the hotel is very modest I would not recommend it to Gulf people.
The service is absolutely not good. I didn&#39;t like anything except near the place to work. The reception is not good and the people in charge are not qualified, and room service is not good
This time away from Robert Langdon and away from his symbols, Brown emerged from the framework of his previously known hero to multiple heroes who shared the tournament among themselves during the novel. But he nevertheless did not come out of the framework of his previous novels where the end is always at its best, as the issue that the novel revolved around was contained by the main heroes without its disastrous consequences. The writer here has pointed out an important matter, which is the publication of studies and scientific discoveries that do not exist and are not correct, with political motives and goals, and he mentioned them: presidential campaigns, national security motives in addition to economic reasons.
I have never liked it, never, never, I have not completed it until ... I know why these stars are so popular with them ... a novel that is extremely absurd ..
Suspicious and disappointing dirty rooms The first room that we were sent to had an eaten half of it lying in the room, and the service is poor It is clear that the eaten half of it is not a big problem for the staff there and in general the experience is poor and lacks sparkle. Also TV with satellite channels only contains free air channels. When I asked about it, I was told that it is connected to satellite channels but these are the only available channels ... just a joke.
For those who do not know Wajih Sabri&#39;s writing style, it depends on highlighting the other side of the usual position adopted by the Egyptians and its dark repercussions, which they do not usually calculate in a sarcastic style that depends on exaggerating the consequences of the situation with all its possibilities in a chain language in Egyptian colloquial .. but it does not do anything Almost other than this, Foujeeh always repeats himself throughout the book and a page after page that is not new in his style and his handling of problems. We may overlook this matter, but this has prevented what came in the text from the superficial treatment of issues that it deals with on the one hand and ignorance of the scandal on the other hand. What appears clearly in the chapters in which he talks about ISIS is, for example, believed that the limit of spoilage is done by cutting the tips of the thugs from a dispute and then leaving it to return to its mother. Mostly, this is due to the fact that the coverage of the 3G network in his area is so good that he reaches his phone inside the mosque during the Friday sermon .. Why are two stars and not one star? Because I was able to read the book to the end, and I did not feel bored except when I got to from the book, Foggé, despite his triviality, but it made me eager to look forward to some of his good songs that were repeated in the folds of the book.
Weak. . The hotel has a bar and the sound of music is very annoying from the reception, you can hear it in addition to the people who attend that bar and enter through the hotel&#39;s reception, Wilson scratching his clothes, the attitudes are very narrow ... The room is poorly ventilated and the smell of cigarettes fills the room .... I do not recommend Do it for families
The strangest hotel ever. Drinking water that is not available in the restaurant except through one meal. The restroom water is not available until after the second hour after midnight, and below that it needs good luck and the miracle of the buffet is largely good enough .... but the staff based on monitoring Working in the buffet is extremely lack of taste and they lack the simplest rules of hotel service Swimming pool .... Always not clean and it has strange insects The seashore is very very very full of rocks and bump peculiarities that ultimately lead to cuts and deformations of the foot Long-lasting open areas and balconies We will not advise using them This is because the law is verbal Due to lack of hygiene and lack of vehicles to spray pesticides or even electric detonators in my opinion is not worth the hotel description
A book carries several articles and thoughts about events, most of which are realistic and live by the author, and are documented by dates. But what it contains is repeated in a way that lost enthusiasm. It took me a very long time and frankly, I waited for it to end. I lived with him the Lebanese political and social life with him, and in his first chapter, emotional articles in an interesting narrative style, but it does not add to the new reader.
The first or Qat are the distinguished. Mustafa Mahmoud preaches from his grave, as if between us. But after this he was repeating himself.
The dictionary of words is very weak first. Secondly, it will spray on Google the most defective characters in history, and how to link them together. Third, the narrator, Birzel, is very kind to you, as if you were stupid, explaining every need and telling you to imagine such and such and to set you events. Fourthly, there are many films on some of Orphen on Omen, with Essen Kreid on Habashkennat. Fifthly, the evil that did not happen was caused by humans. Sixth, the first page is very boring. Seventhly, many books convinced us of theft, killing and corruption, but I was never satisfied with Joseph&#39;s illogical choices
It seems that I liked the novel less than it deserved. A realistic novel describing the situation as it is scrambling to describe feelings that feels like writing quickly before it is forgotten. Or really a desire to get rid of love, so you write nervously. Writing a diary, events and situations, and you are reading it in need, but the story defines curiosity, so I don&#39;t want to know more about Aziz and Jumana. The novel is suitable for Turkish series, somewhat better than it is presented. Karim and Fatima Lamis and Yahya needs of Keda.
Very weak. . Housekeeping service C breakfast C Wi-Fi is very poor Old furniture poor staff
Muhammad is the master of the universe, the two heavyweights, and the two teams from Arabs and from Ajam. He is the beloved whose intercession awaits every horrific horror. . How beautiful it is to read about the good of all human beings and the messenger of the Messengers, Muhammad, may God bless him and grant him peace, from a wonderful person, Cleo Tolstoy ... ... a man who deserves respect and appreciation ... and I reserve the conversations mentioned by the author
Too bad too too. I did not like anything. I booked about a month ago and upon my arrival I did not find the room ready and stayed at the reception for more than an hour until the room was provided as I requested a room with a view and I did not get that .. Honestly the hotel services are in decline
Worst hotel. . There are insects in the room
I want to get married, and I want to object, even though I spent a lot of time upset with the injustice of the eastern man and his low view of her .. However, I am absolutely certain that the greatest threat to women is the inferior view that the woman promotes for herself ... For the media in general, and television in particular, it is able to support or demolish many ideas in a very short time compared to other means of expression such as writing or radio for example. You can mobilize hundreds of intellectuals and writers to talk about the need for a neutral view of a female who has crossed the thirty-year barrier without marriage, you can enlist all Tok Shows with all their broadcasters to talk about societal hell in which a girl who exceeds this age falls without marriage and how everyone looks at her an inappropriate look Except for a defective merchandise not intended for human trafficking, it hurts those who approach it ... except that everything you build in patience and trying to change in leather will not stand in front of the Ramadan comic series entitled I want to marry, discovering that everything that is trying to build from a real awareness of the need not to look at the woman as An object that cannot live far from the shadow of the tastiest man Not always the best of the shadow of the wall has been torn down, starting from the first minute of the first episode of the series, which is talking about the daughter of a middle-class Ola graduate of the College of Pharmacy, which is trying to cling to a last chance to catch a train marriage which is nearing to leave the station with the arrival age of the twenty-ninth. The series is taken from the blog Ayza Ijooz, which was transferred to a book issued by the author&#39;s house of Sunrise, Ghada Abdel Aal. It is also a pharmaceutical coincidence over the age of twenty-nine, and she wrote in the introduction to her blog saying: I represent one million girls from the age of one to the age who are pressured by society every day to marry and not I know what is the motive behind the trust that causes Ghada to announce herself as the official spokeswoman for a million Egyptian girls. Social, material and psychological conditions differ from her, and how did Ghada make sure that the million girls gave her the right to speak in their name through her blog and then her book, especially the series whose story was written? Since the beginning of the show, I received many opinions that contradict the series, Ayza, I marry girls who crossed the barrier of the two men without marriage, all of whom are suffering from heartburn due to the negative image that the series reflects about them without right, one of them was the boldest and sent to colleague and friend Marwa Rakha an angry message from the series. On a personal level, I know many girls who crossed the thirty-year barrier without marriage and were able to face the backward view of society that they were spoilers, and they were behind them only to search for a groom in any form and set out to the spaciousness of practical life and were able to prove themselves in several areas that the married woman dreams of reaching, and it was one of the The pretender is that Ghada is interested in writing it by highlighting some of these models as a girl who fell under the weight of society, which sees only the girl as a crooked rib that is level only under the banner of a man. I think that Ghada did not expect that the simple blog on Google will reach all this fame, and turn into a famous blog, but the girl who tried how the visual media was able to establish false and degrading pictures of the girl whose marriage was late was able to move away from the trap of providing work My style helps solidify this idea. I write what I write and imagine who responds and says that we should be honest with ourselves, and admit that this is the true idea of society, and that we should monitor our society’s negative phenomena instead of burying our heads in the sand and portraying the situation as ideal. And I say to those who adopt this idea that what is required is not enough to present the negative aspects of our society’s thinking, they must be those who God gave them the talent of expression to address these ideas and not be satisfied with presenting them in a way that helps to increase their entrenchment with many groups of society especially that Ghada had the opportunity to enter every home in Egypt For thirty consecutive days at a date, all members of Egyptian families from all groups meet around the TV screen and their minds have opened up with their eyes and ears, which is an opportunity more than ideal for changing an unfair negative and degrading view of the Egyptian girl who proves day after day that she can challenge the sun&#39;s rays Harm away from the shadow of the man who is not always better than the shadow of the wall, but it seems that the temptation to achieve material benefit and personal fame may be better than attempts to change and the big words written by my likes, and one million girls scream at it except one girl who exceeds the age of thirty and seeks to live in peace in a society He insists on confining them to one image that shows them the image of the spinster girl seeking marriage in an Egyptian mind ... Why did society not put them in this dark, negative image and put them in the same humiliating mold who describes herself as their representative? Some say that the series is just a satirical comic series that relies on intimidating things and depicting them in a way that exceeds their true form, in order to be laughing .. And that the Zaqin people against the series do not understand the true purpose of it, which is just to draw laughter on the lips of the audience. To these I say that laughter has an art, and satire has a way that is more respectful than what was presented in the series. Is it permissible, for example, to ridicule the physical impairments of others? Does Samir Ghanem ridicule the dwarves, obese girls and people with disabilities, causing your appetite for laughter? The mockery of impairments and diseases is a cheap kind of mockery that only provokes the desire for vomiting, in which case it is not permissible to present a work that mocks a social disability called the society’s view of the girl whose marriage is late, and if it is possible to tolerate a satirical Internet blog or a satirical book on This issue, it is not possible to underestimate a TV series that deals with the same issue .. What is presented to the reader is different from what can be presented to the TV viewer. As for those who call for the need not to judge a drama until before its end, I tell them that I want to marry is different from other dramas because its original text is available in an online blog and a book in the markets, which makes predicting all the upcoming events possible.
Fatigue to enter. the room. The reception staff delayed us from morning to midday, especially since I came by road
All who wants to succeed Sufi writes. Costume rules of love forty. Enough. illogical. Not written with the terrible professionalism that people said it. I do not recommend it. If not for my friend, I wouldn&#39;t have read it to the end
Zero. I did not like it and will not return to this hotel. The presence of the bathroom is dirty and the pillow is dirty. There is no clean sofa.
nothing . nothing. Okay, services, and the rest, God does not see you, but its cleanness and the room is small
disappointing. Proximity to the sanctuary. Breakfast is poor and check out is at noon. The room is very small
Weak. The location is close to the important markets and centers. The service was for those who did not live up to the level and quality of the furniture. The curtain shade was hanging, the delay in answering the calls, the level of food was never classy.
Weak. nothing. The rooms do not have a room, and imagine you stayed in a room, don&#39;t have a window, and its number
Drug monster:
The price is very high for a hotel of this standard. The hotel is better, including its Islamic character. The service is weak
I like the novel .. It is very boring, but the method that the writer used to talk about and with our Lord, I do not like you at all .. The heroes don&#39;t like you, nor the way they think, nor the hero and his selfishness, nor the heroine, and the way her philosophy is about things .. One star can put it to her because of the language and some very few expressions
Read the novel to provide a linguistic outcome, saturated with the vocabulary of the language, and the splendor of the statement. Being affected by the novel may bring you misery, depression and even tears. All the characters of the novel died to remain know. The story itself is more traditional and romantic. There is misery that is not normal. I was so affected that I felt that there was no salvation in the world, hope. I also died five minutes: The two stars are great for the splendor of Al-Manfalouti&#39;s style, not more
My Lily Heart is sad. My heart is so sorry. Pink narrated in years. Suddenly, I met him. The money of the moon is wounded. Sahran sweetness soul. With a carefree star shawl. Why did i forget It is scrubbed roses. What is the color of blood? . You know ... when I see you. My heart forgets about his pool. As for Yeeji, he says I love you ... the rich will relax ... the rich will ... this is the most fulfilling of his friend .... when the heart remains loved .... it will be described as the one who injures him ... and tonight is my love that The winter heated up the place. Myself tell you long ago. Do you allow dance dia?
Bad in the sense of the word. The hotel is very bad, nothing good. The room is not that level. The value does not deserve what we saw. Room service is annoying, and the door opened to us. We were sleeping. The room was bad. He did not change the bedspreads or towels, and he did not add shampoo. The hotel lacks privacy and lack of calm.
With respect to the writer, but the book is very weak
The price is very high compared to services and room sizes which were very small and the amount paid was very large. . The food in the seafood restaurant was somewhat good ,,, but the price was very high .. The rooms were small and not quite clean. The prices were very high, the prices of the food like that were very high compared to other restaurants in the same city and the same region.
Initially, this is the novel. I don’t know that I reached the Booker by finishing his way, I mean, when I came, I read it. I expected something that remained like the bamboo leg or the blue elephant, while keeping my needs in between them. But as a comparison with the literary style that delivers it to a great Giza z, it is frankly that it would be better if we didn’t read it. Again, I needed this novel, so I would have a very good article in case I wanted to make a black and white Arabic movie. There was no suspense in it, or at least the least love of events, suddenly Dunno died, suddenly Toya died without introductions without events without any kind of excitement, to the reader&#39;s abandonment. The question interacts again. What is the end of this? They answer his daughter before he travels, and of course he calls her after her mother’s name until she died .. And the worshiper who succeeded works it in months, while the professor is sitting for years, and he doesn’t know. The romantic part of it was in the novel, Maaklash Maaya Khalis, frankly, at all. It means Joe, so that you are a soul. You are my soul, you are my heart, and I will not leave you. The idea of the novel is not bad in that it speaks of ignorance and disease to Africa, customs and beliefs .. But I was not imagining that he would portray it in the reckless manner, this is not the problem, nor is it like what he said, and the end of the wickedness that suddenly decided to nullify the brutal needs, which was more abundant. Discussions of his mother and his lover, de Makanche, have any kind of necessity in the novel, and are gone, kneading and salvation, so as to portray the aristocratic life to the two who live and the sweetheart of his lover in that she avenges him that she cooperates with the villain whom he does not like and says to him, no, you do not hurt him hard. . If you speak in style. The style is largely weak, and it is not a novel style of his connection to Booker. This is the style of a beginner who refuses his words with descriptions and analogues of the increase and is not in its place because he fills a void. The need for violating leprosy is actually transmitted by touch .. How about the people of the tribe, all of whom did not suffer and did not intend to move the eyes to him, if that indicates something that indicates that the writer wrote any details and salvation without what is scientifically validated or at least literally loved by you. I will write about Mardhau on the organ trade. Stay informed on the topic well before what I write so as to keep writing information right to the culture of the reader even as he is not just any words and salvation with the overlooked that he does not discuss the subject of organ trade this is pure but I draw a little picture of children kidnapping them, killing them and burning them and salvation Like that. It is not able to reach the main goal of the novel .. The idea of raising awareness of countries to the garb of Kenya, poverty, ignorance and disease to where they are .. There is no idea of love from the first point of view and its attachment to one that does not know, so as to prove his sentence in your first book, your heart will come to me, stepping before your mind even though there is no pure mind In his relationship with Tuya .. There is no idea that evil did not prevail, even though he triumphed for me in the other .. nor the idea that he would deliver the trivial young man with the deeds of the daughters of his aristocratic mother’s life into his life, which merely turned into something that mixed with the new environment. Sorry for my dizzying style .. But I am real frustrated with the novel .. A weak version .. Jadaaaaaaa
Poor selection of the worst village I went to all my life, the service is very bad despite the high price and a bad pool. The place has no greenery and cleanliness, and the lack of cleanliness even in the bathrooms. The shower is dislocated on the ground. Even the rooms are of a bad level. The refrigerator is idle and the land is flooded with water. No, I would not recommend going. Never for this village
Regulating CNN too. Location and proximity to the target area, close to the main street and breakfast service. Poor organization and coordination of customers and residents of the hotel, and we were exposed to someone entering the room late at night, and they were not able to mistake it, unfortunately, for what happened and through that we did not find clarity and transparency in the matter, and it was in obscurity
Reality . I did not like anything. The response of the crew is absent
Prices are constantly increasing and service is constantly falling
Several years ago I followed Rashad Hassan on Twitter, and I liked his writing style too. I bought the book for this reason and read it about a year ago and did not complete it and today without any thought I took it from the library and re-read it, and I finished it in one session .. First I should pay tribute to the title of the book and the cover, which was an important and decisive factor in my purchase of it, and the quality of paper, calligraphy and page design, then this It indicates his great interest in his first book. Although I had not read Rashad for a very long time, I found myself in some of his texts and liked it. His thoughts are dominated by grief, loneliness, and the desire to die, and I do not like this kind of repetitive dark ideas, his style in some texts is repeated and I saw him a lot in Twitter and other social media programs. Sometimes I felt that he was only writing the words that came to mind, in my view, not being interlinked. In a previous period, I used to like and love these kinds of books and texts, but now you no longer like me, so my complete dislike of this book does not mean that it is bad, so someone might find what I lost in it .. Get yourself forgotten. Heal from the memory disease that caused us to crack in our heads ... Do not wait for others to change with you ... to change their habits, and for you to remember their memories ... to make you feel happy. Rather, wash your memory by forgetting ... and purify it from the sins of life, and the stink of the memory. Forgetfulness does not require effort to forget ... Forgetfulness needs to be forgotten that you have a memory. Your loneliness that you are afraid of ... healing you from people ... some people pollute our beautiful scent ... by mixing with them
Too bad. The distance to the sanctuary is good. The hotel is very dirty
disappointing. . Sewerage problem There is no interest in the topic, its location is far from shopping
Very weak. Signed. The service is very bad
The worst hotel advice you would not get involved in. Location. Everything will be four or three rooms like a two bed sized clinical room. All rooms have an extra bed
I do not know why the stories of the Englishman in my life are linked with most of the people I love, but the story was a very insult to us as a secondary student. We read this thing. I felt that they despise us. Even when I was playing, for example, a sweet cotation, I mark it with a marker, I can&#39;t find it. A story contains nothing but vacuum. The story is based on the words of the teacher, according to their origin. They found one of his English residency ended, they drank tea with jasmine, and they wrote it to them:. And frankly, I see that, really, that means people who were breaking our curricula for great stories and when they were left there. Stupid thinking. Generally speaking, they are their sister-in-law Pederso
Visit the sanctuary. . The furniture is very dirty
It is very boring to internalize the novel in the news, but this is a failed idea. I thought it was better than this
The Ingshit hotel is frankly everything is expensive, and if it is settled, I do not have a problem ... I liked the most thing, Levit. The rest
A small book that addresses some of the physical questions related mainly to science fiction literature, such as the possibility of travel through time, and instantaneous transition ... from the perspective of modern theories of physics, quantum and global relativity, and despite the smallness of the book, it is largely structural, almost free of diagrams and illustrations, as it is He turns to terms and theories without explanation, which makes his reader need a good background on astrophysics and some concepts of physical theories of the twentieth century. Although I am well acquainted with the most important concepts of these theories, the book seemed to me to be complicated and did not add to me anything new.
Very weak. Nothing ever. Dealing is bad from reception staff, there is no net in the rooms in the reception hall only, and very weak in case of contacting the reception from the room or the cleanliness of the rooms or the administration. There are transportation to the sanctuary from the hotel and there is misleading as the reality does not match what was mentioned in the reservation site is not at the level of stars at all and I classify it as a low star hotel and I never recommend it
I do not recommend it. . The reception is very bad and it is clear that there is less experience and professionalism in dealing with the customer
One star for the plot and another star for the case ..
Haha amusing
Very weak. The reception staff except for the period supervisors and assistants at the gates is very nice .. I had maintenance work that started from the morning and after several complaints and I went to the reception desk for more than half an hour my reservation was upgraded to a two-room apartment and the employee told me that the hotel will lose a dirham per day, then it became clear that I am I lost nearly a dirham a day because two of the two-bedroom apartments were more expensive than originally. Significant delays in bringing incomplete services to the rooms. I had to go out to take them after requests within hours.
Very weak. Comfort and comfort only. The location is far from services, the smell is not good, and the restaurant is very expensive
A group of quotes, a group of a book ... motivational, simple and beautiful quotes. A light book for the road or while waiting ..
Unfortunately I went to this hotel a bad behavior young man engaged in reception. Completely rude person. He asked for money from a bribe guest to change his room. His style of speaking was very poor without a smile. And his language abilities are very bad. This person&#39;s name is Karim.
What do I call a void. Among my grave witness. And my birth certificate. Here the clouds whispered in my ear and said why do we expose these wounds. It was different from Susan which I know.
Weak. I like something. The reception is crowded and not overlooked
Weak. Close to the airport. The room is old and the toilets are old and not refurbished, the price is high
A single star says, &quot;Oh my exile ... in view of the effort made by the author ... nothing more, nothing less ... a consolation prize, or what she called&quot; Henw Betsemo ... The conclusion of the scenario that was inside the writer overshadowed the novelist and during which he disappears completely without leaving only a few fingerprints, which is the ability to photograph the circumstances in which the events of the novel become the one that abounds in you, it is the straw that the drowned novelist holds in the bathtub of the scenario ... The sound of disappointment, or a and aaaaa in my head .. I completed it because it is short and because I am from what I attended Egyptian series.
A good attempt from my dream to write and a more beautiful attempt for people who are beginners in writing that they read or people who suffer from dramatic silence
My problem with the novel is the first sentence in it. The dew of happiness in the opinion that it is the most beautiful that was written about happiness or its definition. Therefore, my expectations for the novel and its level have risen sharply. Unfortunately, the method of seeking excuse for the Jews in building a state for them on the remains and lives of the Palestinians is completely sympathetic to them. Imagine my feeling, and I myself am screaming in the author that this is not the truth and that I am not supposed to be sympathetic to my infection and he is killing me, and if I felt sympathy for the love story of Joseph and Sarah besides that the sexual scenes in the novel there is a clear attempt to focus on it and show it as a wonderful, natural and accepting thing, therefore The star Yen Fei in my evaluation of the term Nada happiness only
Weak. . There is no room service and cleaning service is not safe
Weak. . I was not contacted and confirmed with my reservation
Unfortunately their service and reception are very, very, very bad
Services provided by the hotel. . Suitcases holders at the hotel weren&#39;t there when I left the hotel. I was in a room next to the smokers&#39; rooms. The receptionist was not quick to respond.
Review the novel, and I hope that someone who loves her accepts me. You will look positive. As a sweet story ... The breaks are, for me, the best thing about the novel ... and a special album will be made for her. The cover is also a masterpiece ... and it makes it hard for you to read it. The negatives stayed. First, a dramatic plot that is frankly incomplete. Flashback means that the text was frankly blown, so much so that I checked the page number. Also, the strange contrast between the character of the hero and his actions. A man who is committed, bearded, and hoping for beautiful needs means that you will be in the street and the restaurant ... not good, God willing ??? The last scene in the novel, too, can be easily removed. Even if romantic ... this is not justified, especially with the character of the hero. The boom is also too much ... Good, God willing, this is an old Arabic film. And there is a point that he will understand to read the writer&#39;s first group, a need. The story of the girl to the station is completely present in the story collection ... Where is creativity ??. I can be tough, but the chasm is cash. The two stars. Among them is a star for quotes. And the second star, because the writer, despite everything, managed to make me complete the novel. I hope the writer takes my notes into consideration in the next novel. All the best
This book is less good than the previous book. It has some valid advice, but there are advice from the writer&#39;s point of view and it cannot be generalized to all girls.
What deserves to be in Dubai. Dirt and failure of the hotel I stayed in and deserves more than. . Everything is unsuccessful
His village PDF, and there were some pages missing from him, and I do not know how it affects the book. I like some parts of the book, I like it very much. Others are cause for tightness, and I read it and admire you. I liked the way he conveyed the events, as he is just a narrator, and I don&#39;t have any evaluation of the group to which I belong. But leaving it to her was very realistic for me because he belonged to them at the time of his mind was immature enough to make him accept the idea of belonging to them. Exposed to any political aspects, he merely recounted his history with them somewhat fairly or sensitively to convey it honestly. I admire you that when he left them, he began to move away from every need that he learned, even the simple and obvious needs, such as prayer, and he justified that he must be convinced of everything he needs to do? . Some of the pages I skipped in particular, the pages of the second part, and my opinion seemed very tied to my village, but I think that it will differentiate in my assessment to what I will do, but it will reduce it to me.
disappointing. Location only. There is no parking
Two stars because of the idea .. Almost like this, the rest of the novel changed Mordec&#39;s sermons on the questions asked by the author in the introduction to the book, not even near the response.
I don&#39;t like depression. I do not believe in its existence in this way
Here and only here, the power is in the hands of elves, demons and apostates. Here and here only to a greater power than Satan. An absurd and exaggerated end in the power of jinn and demons
I can’t complete it .. I can one day put it back
disappointing. . I waited an hour to check in. The reception was only one employee, the bedspreads were changed after my order, because the breakfast was not very clean
A group whose symbolic title ... The author exaggerated projections and coding ... His style is acceptable but condensation is lacking ... and intensification is originally the focus and basis of short stories so that you feel and live in them ..... It is considered one of the literature of the revolution..because It has a large number of stories that deal with the issue of the January Revolution and its introductions .... It has a few stories that I liked ... but it is not the degree to which I am allowed to re-read it again or I repeat the reading experience by Hassan Kamal ...
Disappointing
Traznet. It is located in the center of Dubai and all services are alternative. It has become one of the worst hotels in terms of quilts, pillows, toilets and towels, not three years ago, at this poor level
Miserable trip. Not good. The reception is poor, the building is old and smells throughout the building
I ate it on / // the service is bad even though the restaurant is empty. The preparation was very late, eating, and there was no taste. I and my mother suffered from me. Belly on the same night a bad experience and will not be repeated
It is not that you read it as if you were watching a movie full of clichés. The only narration that replaced the portraits of the actors in my imagination while reading them, as if I was the director who chose the suitable actor for each character Of course, Hassan Hosni even with imagination exists, as well as Al-Kadwani, and for sure who read Aref, the character that is suitable for him
You feel that Ahmed Khaled Tawfik&#39;s style is present. The novel is interesting to read and does not leave a written police movie, but it is not a novel by Naguib Mahfouz. For example, it is a novel to enjoy.
At first, I was a nucleus who performed the novel with only one star. When I got into the events, I was a bit moved, especially some of the characters. The two stars are: one for the author because of his name. And the other for the same reason that attracted me in the first. And I discovered that King Farouk is really personal. Of my words with old people in my family and countries of confidence, of course:. Which three did they lack, why did you stay big? The first one: What is this filling? Take into account that in people bleeding, that means girls, and they read, and that means no one else. The second: the open ends separated me very much. There were many personalities who wanted to know what happened to her. Next: It is assumed that the author maintains neutrality. It does not show his personal position, and of course this is the opposite of what I met in the novel. You hate King Farouk Away and sheel is so rigid:. Uh, he is a girl’s character, but I was getting the message out without showing what you hate. And I hope in your novels that you will avoid these problems, especially the topic of stuffing. God bless and help. Peace be upon you and the mercy of God :
A novel that was included under the science fiction series .. H and NJ is a genie story that I fined in a human that inhabited his home and continued with it during the game Alweja .. For me, I found it very good. Many of its events were similar to a novel or a movie Twilight .. It is not my favorite type, I think if I was younger than my age For ten years or more, I liked it ... The step of the writer Ibrahim Abbas was smart, as he addressed topics of concern to the new generation of young people and worked as an advertisement for his book through popular social websites ... congratulating him for this success and for successful and purposeful writings always
We expected the best. Calm and sea view. The lack of entertainment services, the absence of multiple restaurants, the Internet with high fees, the lack of a grocery store, the private pool, and the privacy of the room brushes is very old
Unfortunately. Unfortunately, I did not like something, and there was a slight disdain for the staff. The deal is improper, as if they were pushing their pockets, especially the employee. Unfortunately Rami does not respect clients. He dismissed me because he was dealing with a woman who was behind me in line
A light novel that tells the story of a married woman who afflicts her. Suddenly insomnia .. For days, there will be no sleep. As a result, she begins to change her routine lifestyle. . She is surprised that her family does not notice that she never sleeps. She decides to change her life by doing new things .. And during this time, she discovers the extent of her husband’s ugliness, and that her child has inherited this ugliness, and she despises him. The end of the novel is open and unknown, is it real or just a hallucination? The idea of the novel is that the majority of us indulge in the routine of life so that we are unable to notice the changes that occur to those we love or things because of our repetition of the same pattern. It is a call to change the system of life, get out of the ordinary and try to enjoy the simplest things.
One of the worst books I have read. Poor imagination. And superficial style. And colloquially mixed with classical ridiculous. I regret buying it. I do not advise anyone to waste their time reading it
What I expected is a need .. and what I have found is another sincere need. The problem is that I used to take on a certain idea from people who read and liked the book, and I of course do not appreciate their blame because it is really funny. But I don&#39;t know, Mistahlech, all the reputation that he had .. The chasm and the reputation are so huge that I did not like reading a good soldier, I started with him, but I felt at the end that it was an unfortunate choice from me. This is the first book I read by Hassan Al-Jundi .. but it will not be the last because of the idea that I took from the writer, you don&#39;t like that because I am confident that the stories of Farghal Al-Maskawat are not the best and I will remain neutral in the idea that I will be about him. O Lord, my trust in the rest of the books is not the same as Farghaly. In general, my evaluation of the book is summarized in the following .. comic .. light .. somewhat fabricated .. short more than necessary and this need was not in favor of the book .. in some parts it is known and inferred and this led to boredom .. but as a whole I did not mind that I read it and I considered that wasting enough time that I laughed a little and separated
I do not have any relationship between this Arabic movie and the mental illness, or in particular the case of the writer, the writer really did
disappointing. Nothing. Unobstructed beach nuisance rooms, small bathroom door broken
disappointing. The location is convenient in the city center, close to BurJuman Center and the metro station, the room size is good, the way to make use of the space and the kitchen are usefully arranged. General cleanliness is bad. Housekeeping service is unsuccessful. TV channels are not clear and very few. Kitchen tools are lacking. The view is bad and supervises construction and noise. We felt that the pioneers of the next room were staying with us, as their daily conversations are clearly audible, and even during the night, ants and insects are available extensively inside the kitchen cupboard, between cooking equipment and in the fridge, in addition to having a woodworm devouring one of the wood doors. The bathroom needs professionalism that is not present in the room service crew as they come only to raise a lintel to exchange towels and prove that there is no washing machine, except after we have personally requested it.
If I knew that the book sales would be donated to the police martyrs, Maconch originally bought it. Donate to the martyrs and casualties of the revolution, sure they have the right to return
This is certainly not the only thing. Emotion. Who did the light
disappointing. Location. At a party in the hotel until an hour, I think that I will repeat residence
disappointing. . Poor hygiene
Their excessive eagerness to pay. The location is just nothing. I was surprised by the receptionist’s request to pay an insurance capacity of fifty riyals. God bless you, not having comfortable chairs to watch TV in the apartment. Unfortunately, their level did not improve and they got worse than before.
Finally, I finished one of the most ridiculous novels I have ever read. Where are the events? Where are the people? Where is the aim of the novel? What did the writer want to say ??. The novel does not contain any important events ... it revolves around people with sexual calamities, no more than that, the writer touched on the timidness of a war carried out by Russia in order to gain his novel an important political dimension, but he failed so miserably as he did not explain the dimensions of this war or its circumstances. The proper name for this novel is a novel that will not be brazen.
It is not overwhelming to be five stars. there is nothing. The location is bad ... no hotel parking. The rooms are small, the cleanliness is very poor and the prices are expensive and not worth five stars in my evaluation of three stars and many yet
disappointing. Services are close. The foul smell in the bathrooms and the cleanliness of the room is very poor, adding to the inconvenience at night
I heard most of her events before I read it and I expect this affected my evaluation of her
I am unable to complete it frankly: unnatural boredom. I started it one day, and from that day, and I try to come to myself to complete it, but I am not able, Jalal Amer, his quotes are very beautiful, but articles and some are also not difficult. However, it is the time of Mubarak’s rule. It is true. I thought about the size of the tragedy that we were in. If I confirm that it is better, then in a very pleasant article I would describe it, what would happen if the brothers had reached the verdict and who said it is what is actually happening now: Adequacy of a page from this book, and thank you:
Bad smell. . The hotel smells so bad. Life in the hotel is uncomfortable for Arabs, especially families
The hotel is well below standard. . When we asked the hotel to clean the room, they refused to clean until after going out and we were annoyed. Also for the uncomfortable bed the kitchen is empty of utensils, spoons and dishes. And the water on the floor was very weak in the bathrooms
I read a large number of Abdel Wahab Mutawa&#39;s books .. I used to take them as a book between long books or novels. Or even at the time when it remained locked from the village .. I was suitable and enjoyable. I started to like this less ... it could be because the books are the same style. Articles he talks about about his life, his friends, or certain experiences in life. I liked this book as an article, and the rest felt that it was repeated, and I kept the words that were mentioned in it before what I read. The articles I liked. Thyme pain. Good morning, sorrow. My six friends. The aim of the article can sometimes be repeated by returning it, but the beginning and the way to reach it remain wonderful. I will take Rest Tuiyeiyeil, a remnant of Abdel Wahab Mutawa&#39;s books. And then? I keep making it two dimensions
The events of al-Beshmuri revolve in the ninth century AD and tell the story of Bdair, the Egyptian young Bashmouri from the lands of the Nile Delta who works in a church in Fustat and his long journey full of events, starting with the Peshmura lands, Bayt Al-Maqdis, Antioch, and even the capital of the caliphate of Baghdad. The Peshmerga Copts against the Caliph al-Ma`mun, to which some Muslims joined in protesting the Caliph’s injustice and increasing taxes and abscesses .. The novel shed light on an important historical period that was characterized by extreme accuracy and that it was blamed on the unreasonability of situations and unconvincing coincidences. I moved the narrator from one position to another and from one city to another during his long journey .. The most serious and troublesome defect is the exaggerated review throughout the novel of terms, food and medical prescriptions, mentioning its components and amounts and the way to prepare them in the most accurate details in a description that takes many pages, as well as types of agricultural crops And the birds that were reviewed in whole pages and all of this can be deleted without any influence on the novel, this description was valid in my opinion for a study or research or a scientific or historical book that studies this period and is not in a literary novel which led to the narration of the novel in many places and perhaps if I omit this one The Yadat, we have a much stronger and more literary work in our hands .. A final note is that the reader must notice the clear similarity in the novel with the story of Azazel by Yusef Zidan, which was issued more than ten years after this novel, especially if he reads them soon, then the two protagonists suffer almost the same The constant feeling of confusion and suspicion, and similar circumstances pass through them, transferring them from one state to another and from one city to another ... the similarity is really great, even if, in my opinion, Azazel is more arbitrary and enjoyable.
Acceptable . nothing. The shower curtain is dirty, and hot water that comes out very little
It is written in the bokings that the hotel has wifi, but it was not. . Few buses
The writing style is very poor .... The writer is as if he was talking to children in my primary school, not greater than this ...
I have a tremendous idea and it can be easily converted into a book like Zap Tharwat did. What do you think of taking a recording device with you while hanging out with friends in cafes and recording all the hot debates and discussions and then unloading them later on paper, or you collect all your updates on Facebook and Twitter And dumped her similarly? And who knows, it might turn into a new book that sells hundreds of copies like my love.
disappointing. I liked the reception and the reception staff screen. The hero May don&#39;t put tea, a sacrifice, and sugar, there is no air conditioning. The chef came down to us. He doesn’t know how to cook eggs and burn them.
Weak. Proximity to the Dubai Mall. The smell of the hotel and the apartment is not acceptable to you. We provide blankets and the bathrooms are poor. There are no bidets, I mean expensive and took my word
A light book in a very simple style. The closest thing to a episode of a radio or television program for a young preacher revolves around the idea of opening your heart to Ramadan. Take advantage of the Ramadan opportunity not to count after Ramadan as you were before it, but how specifically does God know? Unfortunately, this type of program does not appeal to me at all. Filming Ramadan as a season of downloads. The taste in the hook is a tightly trap. In my opinion, it is not appropriate to describe one of the greatest months for a Muslim. The writer may have tried to simplify the concepts, but its surface to the point of being vulgar ... Simply the book did not add anything new to what I already knew about Ramadan or about prayer and did not Take advantage of it ... one star is enough
I regret reading it literally. I don’t see it rise to be a narration, just a scribble, its language is very poor. There is no love or literary style. I felt like I was finished reading it. I say to myself, I wish I did not read it. I felt that there was energy of anger and brought it out so badly.
As a good start, but not the first time, I find someone similar to me in my writing
Fact. The book is very boring. It can be made
disappointing. The location of the hotel. Not suitable for families
The amount of spelling errors and this is the second edition ... The literary language is very weak in the novel ... It reminded me of the daughters of Riyadh .. I don&#39;t know, because all of them tell about the daughters and stories of their emotional life ... ..And this is what we are unfortunately used to ... the end as a good idea and it is the death of two heroines, but the way he gathered his authority to an adult and a sword would not have taken care of my point of view ..
I was shocked ... No comment
Somewhat boring and purely Dramatic
A legendary saga of adversities saturated with the fat that causes pain in the stomach ... the reading of this book after body memory
Poor level. . The smell of the hotel is to enter you as if you are inside a restaurant in the market where the smell of eating is very disturbing, the reception staff do not have sufficient experience in dealing with guests, the smile is like imposing only two reception to enter and exit to the degree that I waited over a minute to talk to me to make one check
My Muqerish is not the first cam on the page
In fact, it is a bad industry that does not correspond to the size of its mentioned capacity, as it only charges the device one and a half times.
It was a very bad experience the toilet did not work and I could not shower because the shower did not work either. . There are rooms designated for reservation through this site that are not of a standard like other rooms, and the rent was included in the offer here, while the good rooms were rented for real. My stay for one night was very poor. The maintenance work in the place started at the morning and the voices of the workers are loud. Which prompted me to fill it in manually, the shower did not work either and it seems that it has been damaged for a long time. The food served in the restaurant is very bad, I do not recommend eating it, especially breakfast, and the menu is few and not of good quality. Other apartments near it are much cheaper and of the same quality E. A bad experience that I hope no one will repeat
Whoever reads this short story of Mnif will be surprised, especially if he took several stages with his style, and I do not deny that I was also surprised by the decline in the value of content and language, but after a quick note I thought that each writer had a beginning that was scratching without meaning, and Munif here was in its beginnings Attiyah, pass this romantic story in a way that is dominated by the method of self-pity and insults, to clarify a clear idea which is the idea of virgin love, perhaps he did not reach another good way to convey the meaning, perhaps he decided to leave the story with its mistakes and leaps to witness the loss of the owner’s heart, so he was It is worth considering this book as a long text of a short-term relationship without prejudice Accept, and of course Munif here tried as much as possible to employ the poetic language, so we find it a lot in describing his convulsions as well as the features of his idol and so on. But the important question here is: Does this short book deserve to be read ??. No ... because it indicates a staggering emotional hierarchy that leads the reader to fidget boredom, in addition to that there is no literary or epistemic value that can be inferred from the lengthy monologue of the main character. Nevertheless: Do not blame the man as this was his beginning, and his subsequent books mediate for him so that he does not leave the respect of his readers. ,.
disappointing. The location of the hotel. The high prices, bearing in mind that online reservation is a price and upon arrival at the hotel a double price and taxes were not present when paying
What about her mother, what did she read, my brother, about her mother, what she read. Come on, to read our death, we are paralyzed? It is supposed to maintain control over the needs that ZD. Come on, bitterness of people is a game in your hands. Needs are more dangerous for the body than drugs. I pressed up and raised the sugar
The question is why? Why did the author choose this year? What is the purpose? It is clear that he meant the Egyptians&#39; revolt against the English occupation that took place in a year. But why does a writer now write about a revolution? What does he want to tell us? Does he mean to direct us anything about the January revolution? Do you mean the futility of revolutions ??. Especially with the bad end of the novel .... My head was cracked with questions..and the end and I don&#39;t know what the end is. The English and Saad Zaghloul forgets the issue. The revolution pardoned time ... the third successive story that Ahmed Murad read, and frankly, I was very disappointed. Not to mention the boredom that struck me a lot until the wheel of events began to spin
It is clear that you recently saw the Zodiac film, but the film was a hero in a man who was not a journalist. I liked an unfinished story. The philosophy is philosophical and critical of society and the situation in Egypt. More interesting story. All expressions and terms think of nature beyond the stars like Lucifer. Okay, okay
We treat the staff very poor .... the quality of the food is average
Saudi Arabia . Nothing bad, I liked the hotel. The staff was very bad. I came early and did not give me a bedroom, although it was available until after the time stipulated in the contract. This has caused me inconvenience.
Weak. . The cleanliness of the rooms is one of the worst I have seen. Even if I reached them, I will return to the hotel after six or seven hours.
Nice book, I liked its simplicity and fun way to clarify mistakes.
disappointing. . The toilet hygiene is very poor, and the shower towels have an unpleasant smell
With all due respect to the writer .. But I am reading with a sense of sleepiness that is not normal from the words that I read
Attending a meeting I went there to attend a meeting where we took a conference room on the fourth floor, and the room is between two buildings and this gives the impression at the beginning that it is not a meeting room but a balcony, it was very very narrow, and the facilities were very poor, and the coffee break was not great, and the Danish pastries It was delicious, the restaurant was empty and they gave us a special lunch, the salad was not good with no dressing at all, the food food was between bad and medium, and the sweet was very bad. Compared to other Meridian, this hotel is very old, at least in terms of design, meeting room and restaurant
This book is not a title that pulls and buys you. A loss in which paper strength
A big waste of time and money, just book nonsense. I regret it because I bought it.
disappointing. Cleanliness and breakfast only .... Difficulty in reaching it. The view is not available. Requesting one bed. Give me three single beds.
Book summary == Shiites by night ==. A bad, directed, and first-rate political book .... It is a mistake to judge a doctrine that is more than a thousand years old from a book that is both page and written all from the author&#39;s point of view.
An unsuccessful choice for the last book in which I conclude the year’s challenge .. I tried to search for genius in this novel, but I did not find it, because I did not search well? Or is my concept of genius finding no place for sex and obscenity? . Getting to know Sudanese society more may be the only advantage of this book.
.... In the time of speed, the. . The author finished writing this novel in mid-May. The printing took place the following month in June. Then it was printed again two months later in September. It was reprinted a third also two months later in November. However, there are still typographical errors in the third edition. Muhammad Hassan Alwan in his well-known novel, The Roof of Sufficiency, which was just printed in this year. His novel reaches the tenth edition, nearly eleven years after the first edition. So hope God bless you. . A novel within six months, to be printed three times. If it was a curriculum and a deal was struck between the publishing house and the university, I would not think it would reach the third edition in six months. .......... Floating on the roof. The novel is floating in the sea of crashing words. There is no depth in the vocabulary and no weight in the structures and sentences. Nothing but a shallow love story in plain language. There is no elevation in meanings, no shamefulness in buddies, and no elevation of statement. There is nothing that can fall under the classification of literature. Oh God, the writer&#39;s intention is that this work be a novel, and I do not know if the intention is considered here. The intention is the heart in any case and we have nothing but the apparent. ......... Writing and publishing. Not everyone wrote necessarily. And not everything that is written in love necessarily spreads. In writing there is a moral sense and there is verbal mastery. Verbal mastery must blend with the moral sense in order for literature to be found. Being in control of words and constructs does not necessarily mean that you have mastered the knowledge of meanings, rhetoric, and adorable. Being eloquent in your pronunciation does not mean that you are eloquent in your meanings. Not every eloquent eloquent eloquent Jacob.
I did not expect the end nor the cause of the crime. I felt frustrated
disappointing. . Take my extra Saudi riyal, I was amazed, I am a checkpoint through you, and the increase is the first time you become with me
Well, I have very many questions about it now, and of course I will not be able to say all of them ... At first, this is exactly what is it? Of course it is not a book, even if it is a book that remains certain for us. I don&#39;t read, or we can call it answers, but I almost appreciated that I had coffee cups. And Zab Tharwat, I admit it as coffee cups, and he described it also as sweet, bitter and wonderful. This time, Zap puts it and asks ... The important thing is when you come to think of my sweetheart, what is it? Where are you from? Or what does it mean? ...... Your sweetheart is the essential complement to the existence of a love relationship by receiving her feelings of love sent from you to her and sending her to feelings of the same kind of heart to your heart. I complete my questions ... are the answers, which are not supposed to be a special need of their owner, well, we have sinned, what do we read? As for the answer to his daughter, is he sure that he will have a girl in the future? If he were a boy, he would cut off the answer, and wouldn&#39;t he write another answer and call him darling? ... an attempt that means that our imagination remains wide, but certainly not wider than the writer. As for the answer to Egypt, did you sell it to Egypt? Nor Egypt, how it was originally read? The most important question is why have the cups or cups printed this many times ??? ... Egyptians or readers in general can love this type of coffee ... but I am sure this type is not like it, and I am sure that many others do not like it .... At the end of every answer there was empty pages, I really do not know God, thank the writer for it, how? .... I do not know it would have happened, if it was not available. Everyone who reads the answers knows its importance. May the slightest trivialities of the reader be read to every reader. Please, writer, I wish you would not enter us again in your private life ... we have sinned, what? . . Colloquial review, costume, .... I mean cups
What do you want? . Although I was eager to read this book .. But I was very disappointed when I did..the second reason that I got bored..but the first and most important was that it contained many abuses in my opinion at least ... I do not think that I will read it again
A group of articles and in-depth analyzes of everything that happened and happens on the Arab, Islamic and international scene .. It also includes an outlook for what will happen in the future and an expression of the writer&#39;s vision of what is meant by Islam and its people and what is being told of them as intrigues and traps while they sleep.
It is Islam as it should be.
I hope from Ramada Company, good supervision, to maintain the reputation of its name. . The site is flooded with rain water. The entrance to the hotel must be treated. The minibar is not chic on. It is possible because it is free, even though there is no value inside the fridge that does not exceed SR. Third, there is a carton for a shaving machine but it is empty. There is a cardboard for a comb that is also empty. This is considered cheating for clients. Or the hotel contains forbidden labor. Very bad late and used by the labor force to transfer hygiene equipment, blankets, etc. And the worst I spent two nights was in a workshop of sounds, inconvenience and maintenance of my room number and I will not repeat my visit to the hotel again
disappointing. The bed is very bad. price
The novel is curious in a strange way, the end of which is ridiculous ...
Disappointing ... naive .. I could not complete it ... With all due respect to the person of its author ... So it is a literary banality
I think she is more romantic than I can handle.
Although the beginning was a fun job, Ghazani was bored before I got to the middle.
Weak. Somewhat location. The hotel is very bad, like nightclubs, annoying disco, reception, and staff do not find dialogue, but raise the voice and insult the inmate. The manager is bad-tempered, does not rise to the level of a fight with two inmates in front of me. On the second day, I fight with the police. He recorded this communication in my name, and the inmate comes to you and records his communication
Very weak. I didn&#39;t like it, nothing in the hotel, even though the evaluation did not give me nor a star as bad as I expected. I did not like everything
A small book, Oy, reads in the fast, that breaks boredom ... A realistic, satirical style, as usual, by Dr. Ahmed ... Murphy&#39;s laws. We met almost all of us ... You dressed up .. Tomorrow is worse:
By God, it is a hotel that does not fit the beloved Emirates name. . A hotel with no cleanliness, no system, bathrooms at a very low level, unpleasant odors and shower invalid, and rooms are at the level of singles rooms, laborers, it is forbidden to call a hotel, I do not recommend visiting the hotel
I thought at the beginning that it would be a fun, fictional, philosophical fictional story and that I would conclude it in one or two sessions ... but I reluctantly read it for three days, so that it ended, I do not know how to classify this book, is it a novel, a self-talk or a message. The method in which I wrote is very unhappy, very complicated, and very boring, there are many passages that I never understood anything ... I do not know the ugly idea that he wants to communicate, it is all philosophical, poetic and mystical words, and as I said the method is boring and unhappy, I hope that there is another book that discussed the same topic In an easy, fun and understandable way.
The state of ebb and flow is endlessly between Jumana and Aziz
The most expatriates feel about their oppressed country that even their narrators take them away from them
This is not a novel, it&#39;s a movie script. The novel is a different world
disappointing. . Not to operate the internet in the rooms
The most beautiful thing when we do not lose the ability to dream and hope..to always remain with us what we dream about..to always remain the bows of dreams in the water hunting for us what we wish
A hotel not worth living in. Quilt is not clean. Attention to hygiene
My stay in the same place will not be repeated by an unconscious administration. A bit modern furniture ... but the service is very poor. Lack of interest in the customers of Bukking site and the suspension of entry procedures for more than a minute and more
uncomfortable . . I requested adjacent rooms and did not get them and when I asked they said that there is no g. On the third day I discovered that it was there and when I requested it they asked to pay a price difference.
The author would have preferred to make the booklet title how to choose the President of the Republic in my mood. The book shares ten conditions in the President of the Republic, the conditions are general and stretchy and may apply to the Field Marshal or even to Mubarak in his early days. But the author elaborates these conditions to bring us to the candidate he wants, and excludes the candidate who does not want him .. The author says in his first terms that the president be ascetic in the presidency .. And here I am putting exclamation marks on the number of pages of the book, so how can he be ascetic in the presidency as he presents himself We have .. In another place, the author says that the president is nothing but a servant of the people, and after him a few pages marvel at those who accept that a woman is the president of the republic, and he says: If we allow the woman to be president, she will be above her husband and above all men, and this is contrary to logic and reason .. The president is the servant of the people, so how can he be above all men?
I have a feeling that almost reaches the degree of certainty that the unknown translator has modified or added many paragraphs and sentences from him, and God knows best, but it is only a feeling. The whole book may be just a lie ... but in general it is Muhammad bin Abdul Wahhab, who does not need distortion is his words in his books and his actions, but a crime enough to condemn him and disavow him, and from what he did without the need to invent wonderful stories
The hotel is of a poor standard. . The hotel is not clean For an area of the place, the service, tea and coffee, is only available once and for a number and the apartment has people, even star hotels provide tea along.
disappointing. Close location to the women&#39;s chapel. The staff is totally uncooperative. The rooms are not clean. The bedding is very old
Do not express the laptop core i.e. it is deficient in terms of rams, as well as the battery is not hexagonal, knowing that the difference between it is the same type, but the RAM is four gigabytes and the battery is not more than a pound
Two stars for the writer&#39;s style and her good selection of expressions about Abdel Aziz&#39;s feelings. The novel is like the modern movie stations that display minutes of the movie followed by half an hour of advertisements where the viewer forgets the events ... a new love story that has nothing to do with it. Jumana is a frivolous, personalityless, and stolen person. I do not know how this contradiction came, so she is supposed to be a strong personality. She is studying abroad and relies on herself in exile. How can she be lenient with a person like Abdel Aziz who does not know what he wants in his life Abdel Aziz is a lost and despicable person without magnanimity or manhood. I don’t know how Jumana forgave him more than three times and continues to love him after all the harm he caused. It is an offensive novel for girls that glorifies only the weak-hearted girls
It never suits family. There is no. The hotel is old and has been renovated. There was a smell of carpet that is not suitable for families. There is a disco in the lobby.
Kundera, who stopped writing for several years, wanted to return but missed the compass. The only thing that was good at it was the name of the novel.
disappointing. . Close to the airport and inconvenience to fly
I like Nouei Azzi Azazel and Nabati, it is possible because I lived the time of the novel. But I liked the confusion between all places or shops in the novel. As for the hero, think of me as Khalid bin Toubal in a passing bed that drinks whiskey, but with halal meat. He is also a heavy drinker, and he prays time, but he does not feel guilty that he may have an illegitimate child. It is the dualism of the Arabs
This novel I learned from more than a year ago, which was made me keep reading curiosity, not enjoying. Melliana of syllables and pronouncement is not necessary, and the main characteristic of my time was that reading to acquire sins was not much. You did not seek from them greatly sincere and much. He has no voice and no role in an infected world. M the other is a weak personality .. the idea i liked the frankness and narration, but the end is bad. Despite the rumors, the idea will not be stolen. If he had come back, the time would not have wasted my time in the other
Needs more room cleaning. . Room cleanliness
Comic novel ..
The novel is one of the light novels that you can finish quickly, but I did not get the feeling that it is a novel. It seemed to me as if it was a short story that was prolonged using poetic verses and expressions of famous personalities .. The writer did not delve into showing the dimensions of the characters of the novel, although the number of the characters of the novel is almost Only two personalities are limited to me, in addition to some minor personalities that have had little impact .. Also, the name of the novel suggests that it tells what does not occur, but I found the name appropriate in its situation .. The only thing that made me complete it until the end of it is knowing what It is not the intended destination of the address .. why I find in it the suspense I had hoped for, not the romance the author intended.
Dear Muhammad Sadiq ... The idea of the novel is great and exciting for you to imagine that I started looking for my reasons for life already and even ask my friends about their reasons and I will never be satisfied with usual ephemeral reasons that only convince me of an acceptable reason for everyone and most importantly that it is acceptable to its owner really It springs from that dark tunnel inside it, where it hides its spiritual needs and secret mental belongings .. But I have some reservations ... Addressing the idea in my opinion was not appropriate to its level at all. Perhaps I deliberately resorted to modernity and kept pace with the times by searching for real reasons For life on one of the most popular and widely used social media But this is precisely what I did not like in the novel How is that? By what logic do I share the most important research in my life with people colored in white and blue speaking with square mouths and expressing their admiration with one hand holding the thumb and this is according to your description of the pioneers of this site. In my conception to search for the causes of life, I will set out in the vast land of God with my body, spirit and mind to challenge the principles of mankind regarding the reasons for continuity. What supports it. I am here talking about a different presentation of your idea, of course, this is not the ideal and most appropriate style, but it is just an example of what I aspired to enrich your idea and narrate it to the depth not to exude its surface and the shallowness of its expression and for the truth I say that your style has exhausted me and I feel bored in many parts of the novel . Would you believe me if I told you that the human face bears dozens of expressions and looks that I regrettably regained in a few of them? . My reading was entertaining that I guess what expression you will say, and I facilitated the most important task, due to the lack of my choices. They are either enthusiasm, astonishment, or sarcasm with a side smile or tenderness. Did you know that these expressions haunt you since Taha Al-Ghareeb? . I repeat, my dear, that the idea is great, and I add that the sequence of events is very good, but for the love of God, how could you create personalities with this superficiality? How was your idea of this level of idiosyncrasy expressed? And what prevented you from mentioning your nine reasons for life in a clearer way than that without expressing them in postal breaks is the least that I liked in the novel and almost surpassed most of them already. I think you have good ideas at all, but you lack the ability to mold them in a proper way to show their correct dimensions so that they do not come out flat like the letter paper.
Like usually religious books. Books quoted. Transfer by transfer. Unhelpful, repetitive, and info. Available in all other religious books
Two stars, and I will be karma, I also thank her.
A lost time is counted, how are you ... I used to intend to write you a long, broad review with every stroke in which there is a problem and every drop in plot and every weakness in the language ... Then I decided not to spend a second time, enough that was lost in reading the herd ... by the way, Dan Brown if I can see you
The policy of the restaurant is strange if they open a branch, they collect the best cooks and workers and put them in it until it becomes famous. If a second branch is opened, they transport the distinguished crew to it.
A husband’s letters to his wife expressing his suffering and fears towards the murderer thief Alzheimer’s .. The last chapter is very touching, its effect reaches the depths of the human soul .. I did not like the details of puberty and the first time and white wine
Weak. . The air conditioner was hot and how often he called them to see a solution with the air conditioner and no one came and the lobby entrance at night happened and no embarrassment is not suitable for conservative families at all
Worse than bad junk. I did not like anything at all. Breakfast was very poor. One reception employee. Dirty floor brushes. The TV. A full day. Not working. The service was slow. The reception staff were very poor.
It has been years for me to avoid reading the book, and I want to read it. Frankly, what I read all means not worth wasting your time at all ... the whole idea of the book is illogical. The character of Mars may be a man or a woman and the flower character may also be a man or a woman .. I mean, I personally most of my attributes or all are Martian and this does not mean that I am abstract or deny femininity .. here the author confirms that every woman is by nature not interested in work and achievement and science and technology, Magazines and psychology books are read, and that every man is inherently accomplished, a professional who reads science and follows technology news, and does not like communication and abhors change nonsense .. In reality the circulation is not correct nor is it monopoly as well ... Of course, men can find their characteristics more floral .. Generally The book is trivial, and sex characters are not exclusive.
Very weak. Greatness, I highly recommend it.
In fact, the book did not add to me that add-on that mentioned, but it is possible that I would suggest the reason for this being that I did not read it in time. I find that Salman Al-Awda used this book to respond to some of the statements that were said about him, especially in the period after his release from prison, I do not say that he stated, but I felt that there are meanings behind these lines, what I really enjoyed in the book is that it contained many and many evidences Quranic, hadiths, and poetic verses, and perhaps these quotes were the only reason I completed the book. In order not to underestimate its right, I find that the book was written in a very beautiful and discreet language, and perhaps if I read it at another time, I would be completely impressed.
Not suitable for families. . The hotel needs replacement of the entire crew and is not suitable for families due to the presence of three clubs in the hotel, especially the Indian receptionist does not improve dealing with guests
Unfortunately, the hotel was not dealt with at the required level. The shape of the hotel is excellent and the hotel facilities are good. The services are not good. The internet is weak. I asked the hotel that it provides me two connected rooms, because of the presence of young children with me, but unfortunately he did not save, although I contacted them more than once before arrival, and also the rooms have a musty smell. And the service is very poor
Unfortunately repentance and repentance then book at this hotel. The buffet was shown something easy to admire, except for nothing. Car parking is not included By God, I regret that I paid it to this hotel. You advice. Do not bring this hotel closer, and you are free to incite and nothing, but my opinion is that I am free from them. Who has senior s Not about him
Characters shall superficially skew spelling errors ugly broken language Expressions and ideas almost translated literal translation
I am. I don&#39;t like the style of Mustafa Mahmoud, never. Oowy decoration. But a book is not a hero. Above the very one
Never befitting Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq
A sticky novel in the full sense of the word .. Whoever reads it knows that I used the term sticky because it is the preferred term for the writer of the novel. A few pages do not pass but read viscous or viscous or one of their derivatives .. I got to from the novel and stopped reading. I wanted to complete it for two reasons first because I do not like to start reading a book or finish it and secondly because I did not want to write in cash about a book that I did not reach for its conclusion. But I could not darken myself more with the chaos that dominates the pages of this novel.
Very unsuccessful experience. Bad. The service is very bad, the bathrooms have no drainage, the first thing that arrives at the hotel is to serve yourself a shell, your bags, and the important thing is the restaurant.
Not even worthy of its star. The most beautiful site. Very old and worn out
I do not deny that the book contains a number of good texts, but in general the book is full of repetitions and poetic images vulgar ... and although it is one of the few books that contain long prose texts compared to its similar books ... but I found the short texts much better ... there is a fact It should be understood by whoever wishes to publish this type of book. Having written some good texts does not mean that they deserve to be collected in a book, perhaps it is better for them to remain as posts or tweets on social media.
Not very sweet
And God is forbidden, the One God writes about the need for uniforms. A lot of obsession and fools, and they do not breathe a bit of blood, so they can splash and fill the world with the necessity of creativity. A little demons and a few cannibals, and a few necromancers, and a few diseases that medical references did not talk about, except for a few and a few pounds. And he comes, uncle Sheikh Al-Tayyeb Abu Ayyoun Al-Akhdar, who saves the good young man who killed his mother, and all of them, but his heart is full of goodness and love, Glory be to God. And the writers are agitated when we criticize them or talk about a monster about their work ............. Medicine, so you do not respect the minds of the first readers before you write this obsession so that we respect you and respect your writings
nothing . nothing. The rooms are not clean
The first half of the book was nice and fun, but when I got to the other half the pages became very heavy and boring. I liked the high honor a lot, and I did not like the frequent inference of the writer with the scholars of Sufism.
It could be better than it was. Bad handling at all levels.
One likes to be in a different state. Albert Cohen. It was in the blink of an eye that I looked at without seeing me, and that was glory, spring, sun, and a warm sea. Albert Cohen
The writer&#39;s imagination shrouded a lot. .
The initial numbers from Fantasia and metaphysics are strong evidence that geniuses in literature were not born like this, but just like everyone is graded from bad to better for the best .. Ahmed Allah I started reading the numbers after fifty and then I read the initial numbers where the smell of a beginner style smells his way to the maturity that Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq has become distinguished now:
disappointing. Bus buses are available regularly. The site is far from the sanctuary and from the services. There is no laundry nearby. Furniture is very old and worn out. Rooms have an unpleasant and very strong smell.
Bad and I will not reside in it. nothing. Everything is bad, book a specific room, give me a lower level room, and promise me to change it tomorrow and give me the same room with the difference in the role change only. They offer something and give you a second thing. The crew is bad and uncooperative. Entrance to the hotel from all sides is on the parking lot. Main entrance
Nabil Farouk eliminated salvation and remained repetitive and boring. Doc, I went to you. Respect yourself, your history, and your hero in the writing
Bad and old hotel. I did not like Shi Sawa, his proximity to the Haram. The decor is very old and damaged, the hygiene is low and the parking fee is SAR per hour
Bad Conrad Dubai. nothing. The reception is bad and worse than that, the Egyptian crew in the management and air conditioning are bad, the room smells, and the lobby is absolutely not recommended, and the loss of five stars
Weak. Availability of positions. On three stars, this classification injustice to the visitor. I ask the Tourism Authority to review the hotels and reclassify them so that they do not participate in the same injustice
Enjoy the rest and leave it to us. Integration of services, hygiene and reception screen. nothing
Actually, I didn&#39;t like it. The first time I read Anais&#39;s book and I find it fun. Possible after the page and a little started to be interesting a little. As for I am talking about Al-Akkad, Taha Hussein and Al-Hakim. But the book is full of events that have nothing to do with the ink loss. For example, I will benefit. As for me, I know a dialogue that took place between him and his aunt for fifty years, and she says, I will choose a bride for you and many more. This is, however, that his views of people are known from his truth evidence that he publishes it in a special book if he is criticized, and in this ridiculous way. It was a challenge for me to compel myself to complete the book for its end, as if someone is forced to swallow food that he does not like and will not digest. I need to predict:. But the truth is also said. I am still fascinated by amiable similes. And the dialogue at the end of the book is a masterpiece
disappointing. . The site is far from services
Literary style and linguistics do not have any merit, but there is a serious defect in the profanity of vulgar words. Note that there is no literary work in this coffee that is not enough that you hate the novel and the person who wrote the story and the topic is new in terms of discussing the elders of satellite channels, a topic that was exciting at first before I come to Hatta with his leverage, a girl who steals flashes, empty words, etc., the end is ridiculous, the writer&#39;s analogies and his words on religion are crudely, so it makes you despise Ibrahim Issa more than what is despicable from the other. I want to take revenge on what I work before, and this is evident through a description Mubarak&#39;s money he frankly cheap offbeat style all people Petkrh Gamal Mubarak because he is thief and greedy and contributed to the loss of the country but it Mottagolsh thumping you like that baby costume do not know the right Eachd decided he insulted who wronged him and the salvation
Very weak. . A delay in the procedures for entering the hotel despite my presence at the evening
Unfortunately, a very bad book .. It does not belong to the satirical literature in any form regardless of the ridiculous comic way of describing the wife .. The writer is an angel with two wings. You can not dedicate the book to the end
Exaggerated boldness, I do not see a justification for many of the used verbs, and I do not see a great literary value for the novel, perhaps it is a real tragedy, for a person to pass through all these inhuman conditions when he is not twenty years old is not normal, and perhaps frankness is necessary because the novel is a biography My own personality belongs to the writer, but there is no justification for this volume of audacity. I lost the enthusiasm for reading it in many places and sections ... My thanks are nothing but a child who lived early years in his life in ignorance, ignorance and violence, moving between the role of prostitution and the like, and he did not learn to read and write before the twentieth His life, and if it were not a biography and a narration of real events, it would be criticism Much bigger it ..
The hotel needs to be reassessed by its officials. . Room service is poor and the level of luxury for rooms is not appropriate for a star hotel
disappointing. Its price. Crowded and out of the campus
The main reason I read Hogan’s story is because the story’s popularity and readers ’appeal to it. I was shocked when I read her story, which is more like fiction and superhero stories. Unfortunately, the story is not interesting and not interesting.
The idea is sweet and sweet in its vernacular, the writer&#39;s love for happiness and his desire to convey it to all people. The style is very weak .. In its vernacular, it has a sweeter taste for reading. Actually, I read you on Facebook, but the post is a little long
Miserable translation
Less deep and intense than the insane .. He did not add anything new to the previous works
I did not like it .. the height of misery and despair and your feeling that the world is not good
Of course, I will see her again one day, and I will see the needs of her before that
Very weak. There are no clear features of the story, no beginning and no end. Also, the language is ok but very fast. What really provoked me was writing words and spelling or writing errors. Only one star can appreciate that the sane writer has not tried to imitate anyone.
The style is great, but the story is not. I like the most: Diar, Irwa.
Boring writings, repetitive, repetitive .. It can only be a textbook Msjat for mobile
Very weak. I didn&#39;t like anything. Bad treatment of employees
Too bad and disappointing. nothing. Unfortunately, everything is bad
Mismanagement every time I book .. I was always the best in the unification house, but this time I was surprised by the misfortune of everything that happened to me from getting to the exit .. Imagine that the receptionist asked you to sit in the room until the afternoon and if we did not contact you you can extend the night Additional .. Actually no one called, but the surprise when I returned from evening prayer asked to leave the room .. The reason is that the employee made a mistake and we regret that we did not contact you. Even if you go out, we will take your things out of the room until you return and receive them .. Any mismanagement in what is happening in the Tawhid House.
A novel that is not worth reading, and the language is poor and I do not know how to nominate a poker prize
Less than normal .. He did not add anything new ... He did not give or read, perhaps it is worth recalling:
I was drawn to the first pages and aroused my curiosity and interest. In the middle, I felt the inconsistency of the events and causes. And the end did not reflect the sequence of events. I expected more details and events, but this story deserved my disappointment.
The book contains some of the beautiful texts, but the bulk and the majority of it are boring and are normal words
Weak. not good. In general the room is not good
Stories on the miserly, each story with commentary and advice. The book is beautiful, but its Arabic is very old and you need a brief dictionary to understand some of the terms
I will not go back to him again. Nothing and many stars on it. The room does not have a telephone, toilets services are not available, soap, shampoo, toothbrush. No guest rooms. A box of healthy water.
The story is unfortunately very superficial, few events because I salute the way of narration and rhetoric in writing and advancement in the language of opposites because the content is very weak and the style is very sophisticated
Earth gods or earth masters. Gibran pronounced shortly before his departure. It reached the height of wild imagination. ... I did not understand the significance of many parts of the book. In addition, the translation is very, very poor. Although Gibran is one of my favorite writers, I don&#39;t like the Earth Gods
Very weak. Nothing in it. Everything, the staff, the reception, the restaurant, the location, the hygiene, the family, the room, the bathrooms, the smell, the hallways and the bedspreads
You fool ... I thought praying alone was enough to get you into heaven? The best thing about prayer is that it incites to do good and forbids indecency and evil. It is good for you to leave your bed to help the anxious..and give to the needy .. and the consolation of the sad and the sad ...
I had an idea that I read all the books of Nizar Qabbani in the order in which they were issued, but what I read so far did not like me. Perhaps there is one or more beautiful poems in each book, but in general, this book is not an exception. I did not find anything very special. This office is characterized by being less sexual than the previous bureaus, and I noticed that there is a lot of mention of the Syrian countryside, which gave me the impression that the poet was understanding, perhaps after a trip to the northern Syrian countryside. The most beautiful house in this office in my opinion is. What? Tired of the run? Start. Nothing tired in your eyes
Fabricated .... purely foresight ... the story of Al-Shater Hasan and Al-Ghoula ... it has a story of curse ... unfortunately one star is too much for him
I am completing the frankly novel, and I arrived at the page. My little evaluation of the novel is flawless, the writer&#39;s style is not sweet, or its idea. The problem is mine. I do not like this style of narrators. The novel is part of the writer&#39;s biography with historical information in the dialogues that the writer carried out with his heroes in the novel. And part of the history of Ibn Sina. The writer is a lover of history. This is a need that is respected, of course. He also loves historical places very much .. He explains the place to you in the novel and describes it so that you also know this sense of this place..but who does not like historical places and cannot imagine that a female slave of Ibn Sina has passed from this place .. With the novel. But I love to read history, but it is not intermittent in parts of a novel. Read either a book with clear and explicit historical information. Or even a novel, but a need, for example, such as Turkestan nights. Come on, if anyone loves the date in a way the writer would like it very much. But someone like Mashnash ... a costume worker, for example, one who loves politics, the ball too, or a specific movie, or any need and a rule that says poetry to its owner about this need. Her natural, if she does not like the need to speak to her, they are bored. And I was frankly bored because of that. But the writer respects the effort in the novel and the pursuit of history with all this effort. Because who does not know his history will not understand the present
Mold. . The smell of hallways and rooms is unpleasant
At first glance, when you take a peek at the face of the book, it will come to your mind that it is just a translation of people in history, but the book is completely different from what came to your mind. On the other hand, the writer mentions a political figure who influenced the history of the world regardless of their beliefs or actions .. Finally, I suggest that the writer change the title of the book in future editions to politicians who changed the course of history because the current title does not refer to the entire content, I do not forget to draw attention to The writer&#39;s style is really fun.
I wish I hadn&#39;t read it. Despite its excitement, but it had a very negative impact
The beginning is somewhat good, although it contains some repetition of meanings. In the middle, I missed the fun and attention while talking about the role of the new generation of writers .. Then he talked about his personal experience in dealing with different generations. The fun came back in the last chapter but was followed by the shock of the end that left it open and without any slight comment. ... a book faction of the other
A lesson on making use of life&#39;s goals. To live life in the form of a short, well-written, weak-spoken novel with no suspense. It felt classical classification. If my classification is correct. For this reason her hair may have weak juveniles without suspense
A yellow novel whose content resembles the newspapers of the yellow scandals, was written after the daughters of Riyadh in the hope of fame, but unfortunately, it is a very humble attempt to imitate a successful experiment with naive naivety. I do not recommend it.
I will not repeat the experiment in it. Unfortunately, nothing. There is no urgent laundry service. The receptionist is not helpful in the health conditions of visitors
Damn, how did this novel win the prize of the Arabic poker novel ???
The star of the method and the way to tell the events that make you can not stop reading, but it is very stinky and polluted with a lot of ideas and very bad shots I wish I had not read it. I do not recommend reading it
Weak. There is inconvenience and the cleaning services are not good. The parking, lobby area and general hotel hygiene
Weak. Only the revolving restaurant. The difficulty of having a position when attending after nine o&#39;clock, poor reception, and the discrepancy between reception and cleaning staff is not good. Adding to an unpleasant smell. On the whole, the amount paid is much greater than the services provided.
The price is high for the service. The site is excellent and the internet service. There are no kitchen attachments such as a kettle, a knife, a spoon, a dish, a bathroom, and a very poor furniture
Weak. . Insurance is a large amount for the room and its price
disappointing. . The lighting inside the rooms is very tired
Too bad. Unfortunately Zain ugliness treatment. The way the receptionist handled my lies, because I told him that the salary of the salary was too bad for the back of the salary, unfortunately.
One day, you are right
Acceptable . Close to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. The furniture is old, small, room, whirlpool, poor WiFi, poor service
The spoils of this civilization are called fraud, intelligence, dissolution, freedom, vice, art, and exploitation aid. From this sentence my journey started with the book, and then I wanted to stop, but I do not know I did not complete, although I felt very bored and read the book on intermittent days without even that spirit that accompanies me every time I read something. Perhaps because we are bored with these preaching phrases, perhaps for another reason. I have contradictory positions with me, sometimes I find myself having violated the author to a great degree, especially some of his views on women and once very well in his talk about the experiences of life, disease, patience, pain, truth, falsehood, reading and many extracts. The book is beautiful if you understand it or take it as a companion to you at times when you find nothing to occupy your free space. May God have mercy on his author
Weak. nothing. Internet, room service
It has to be a bad writer constantly. This is because it satisfies the taste of younger generations that have not yet developed. These generations have exactly the needs of others. There is always a majority of underdeveloped brains of poor taste. These minds demand young people with violence. Satisfied and satisfying her needs and caused the existence of a poor book dedicated to her. Nietzsche. How many artificial championships this nation abounds in.
The worst hotels in Jeddah. Nothing at all. Everything is Si
Too bad. Unfortunately, it is not worth the commotion. It makes no sense to make sense until you feel romantic. This was something that would cripple, and had it not been for the money that had been paid in the novel, it wouldn&#39;t have been complete. The idea is that she is from a conservative country and her people are blood protected and she is wandering between the countries to help him want this is something religiously, socially and morally unacceptable. I mean, what is the problem if all these situations were with its times? I mean, for example, it is her love, but I can marry her because of family interests and because she risks her doing all this. It will not be logical, but at least halal. And to give everyone his right. In some sentences, there is no candor. Crafting style is a masterpiece. The summary, I will not read it again. Sorry dreams
Some novels are a waste of time and a measure of robe. When I say it is the highest measure of robe I give it to you, but out of respect for the general rules I will keep my rules and give you one star, the one I read. In communicating the depth of the issue to us, and assuming its good intentions, one star is sufficient for his diligence unless I understand him.
He started magnificently almost more than two years ago, but he has two years or more, and he sits tortured in the customers. How? Its branches began spreading, and in turn, he gradually increased the prices until the bean arrived with a real shower that provided soup, water, chili, and tahini, etc. Now he made the water with money, the soup with money, he canceled the tahini and the rest of the role on the chute could be cleared in advance. As for its branches, they are many. As for the employees, they treat them very badly, especially the Mieh branch. The requests are late and many times the coldness of the Mandi comes in very bad and I remember the time we asked for Mandi and we found colors in it because it is cooked well and we told the worker to change the request and replace it with me. This was in the Nakas branch of Khalid bin Lloyd, and the worker refused the change in the beginning and then their supervisor asked. The supervisor came eating from the chicken and said it tastes good, and this is blood and something else that is normal, and then he says it is normal, but he says it to you. In general, I have many experiences with them, and I decided to boycott them for the following reasons: Bad food is very high. Nothing with meals is provided, except for money. There is a significant delay in ordering. I mean calculation and preparation, indifference by employees and abuse in almost all branches. Supervisors ’lack of interest in frequent complaints by customers. I don’t know whether this overcrowding is from them or from customers in order to be honest I think it is from customers. But this does not absolve them from controlling people in their restaurant. The toilets remind me of the highway stations, unfortunately
Can we say that Nabil Farouk has gone bankrupt ???. why not. Nabil Farouk Ali had a monthly appointment with his readers with three books at once and perhaps more. Now, the man only finds what he publishes, compiling his stories in a cocktail series to publish in one book. When I saw her in a bookstore for a moment, I imagined it to be a whole new novel. Then I discovered that it is two complete volumes, and after research and investigation before purchase, I found it nothing more than a collection that the author says he is trying to date the reality of corruption, and Magri revealed in the stage of openness. But did the man really do ???. I do not think so, and the reader of a cocktail series will find that the style of Nabil Farouk is the same style, whether it is writing police literature, science fiction, romance, or even short stories, there is no difference at all. And discovering after the passage of age that what is meant by youth novels is novels, but he wanted to escape from being classified as a writer for children or young adults, so he invented the term writer for youth. Why do I write this long introduction ????. The reason I did not read the book originally. I only could read one story from the second book. Why do I write permission or what do I write originally and I did not read ??. In other words. Can I say that I am prejudiced against a man ????. Honestly, the answer is yes. In spite of that his books and writings were one of the most important reasons that. It made me eager to read, and although I until recently and despite not enjoying the impossible man, I was just appreciative of him for the good memories, but I discovered that he was one of those who falsified the awareness of an entire generation, including whom I was educating on his books and that a character like Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq For example, she was writing deeply and wisely, perhaps much more than spying nonsense and intelligence. Spy literature has a special taste that differs from the ideas of Tawfiq, but to mix that literature with these poisoned ideas is this that I can never forgive him for. As for his recent political stances related to the events of the Egyptian revolution, the man contradicted all his writings on the oppression of the security services and on human freedom, which is a prelude to their tragedy until we saw him finally bless the military coup even though as we have seen him a good reader knows very well what a military coup means in a country like Egypt. This is the penultimate attempt to read Nabil Farouk. I have a novel of epilepsy in my pocket, which one of my most trusted opinion insists is different from the rest of his books. In order to complete my plan for books to be read on
The truth is that I was in conflict with the novel, knowing its idea, I forced myself to complete it, and I say the next lines will be the strongest and most beautiful, and it is only a prelude. But the more I penetrate the novel, I find it weak to weak. The digressive digression was very fatal, making you want to close the book at any moment, but be patient and complete. Even his attempt to recount Aziz’s suffering in the prison was devoid of any spirit, and the evidence is that you are surprised how you do not feel any sympathy for Aziz and what he is suffering in the prison, and if you do not feel this sympathy, then it means that there is an unacceptable flaw in the novel. The story, despite its important idea, was poor and boring, and the narrator did not succeed in exploiting such important intellectual ideas that made the reader attractive to the novel and did not consider leaving the book before its completion. So: If the element of suspense and excitement is neglected in any narration, it is better to set it aside before completing it. But I grew up and slept, but I didn&#39;t. This was my first experience reading a Poker Candidate&#39;s novels and I think it will be the last if their choices don&#39;t improve
disappointing. Location only. The value of the offer on the site is Arafa b, and when paying real, the value of the taxes of other hotels
Although I am a fan of quotes, the short sentences within me have many meanings. However, I never liked the book. Frankly, I got to the page and stopped. Some sentences are as good as possible, but ideas are repeated, steeped in sticky romance, are some scattered thoughts ... some sentences of belief, like the part of the part of the Friday sermon, are reserved for me as well ..
A very miserable story, a tragedy in the full sense of the word
Very weak. The staff except for the period supervisors were nice .. mishandling the supervisors despite the presence of maintenance work over me. When there was tension between me and one of them, I was asked to complain to the tourist police. Slow to bring services, I arrived for hours and had to go to myself to bring them. Long waiting at the car service. Insects in the bathtub as in the picture.
Unsuccessful choice. The location of the hotel is close to the sanctuary only. Honestly, I only like breakfast
The first experience with the writer was raised. The novel contained some infringements on religion, including in some dialogues. If you know you, I hate religions, and you abhor their differences. Oh, these religions are what make us different from each other. The novel did not talk about a specific topic, so the novel began with an exaggerated description about the beloved and about her love that reaches the level of sanctification and slavery, then he returned to talk about his beloved who left him in his homeland, then on writing, music, and hated his homeland, and that he hated his homeland, which the writer described as a reprehensible male society. In summary, I felt that the writer wanted to fill a void, even though the novel was small, reaching only a page
It reminded me of the beginning of my adolescent intellectual stage, where I was somewhat embracing ideas and way of thinking similar to what was mentioned in this book ... In general, just denying novels is not a solution to the problem as the author portrayed here.
She missed me a little in the end. I mean, Shoye speaks for herself, and Shouia talks to her aunt and her daughter, and in the end she appeared to talk to the psychiatrist
Ok ... I used to change it more than that ... simply because I had a passionate new novel of Murad ... Imagine I had two years and I find a novel including the story of our master Moses with some additions and the rest of which is the story of the priest who liked one and expressions of love begin And grams occupy large areas of the flag. There is no doubt that Murad’s novelist’s style is very loving, but I was stronger than him. This dialogue on the side of the dog was one of the worst parts. I need a little research so I can arrange the confusion that happened in my brain
The writer forgot in this book and the book before him that the girls sold it, she added the famous phrase &quot;Talaat Zakaria&quot; in the movie &quot;Sayed El Atefi&quot;.
The hotel needs to renovate the furniture because of its consumption, as well as many shortcomings, especially bathroom tools. Its proximity to the campus only. Lack of a sports club, lack of a lounge on the ground floor, and a coffee shop
I wanted you to tell me I love you the way I look, so I said it the way you look. Similar to us .. What does it mean to philosophize the world if, whenever we open a door to questions, we close all doors of happiness. How many turns when one is absent? We only remember from him exceptions that we rejected him when he was alive. We do not have craving for it, but we are sad because we do not have answers to our intractable questions. Is there anyone but music who gives us the lust for a dream and to go away in our longing? . Writing first must give us an opportunity to dream, otherwise it will be nothing but a bunch of words that have nothing to do with it. Holding a pen and writing a wound on the paper means that you have a great deal of isolation and audacity. Write to me, I want to hear your inner voice
Poor services. I did not like anything. The hotel is only a star level. The bathroom of extermination and shampoo for the star and beauty hotel. There is no water to serve coffee as mentioned in the reservation brochure. I did not like anything. The hotel is only a star level. The bathroom is extermination and the shampoo of the Star and Beauty Hotel. There is no water to serve the coffee as mentioned in the reservation brochure.
I will not return to this hotel, second, God willing. Location. Cleanliness and room services are very bad and unhelpful
Linguistically brilliant, a writer versed in his tools transports you with his words into that bloody era full of conspiracies and heinous crimes against members of the same family for the sake of a fleeting throne and false authority. I do not know whether the historical facts are accurate or not, but according to the events of the book, all parties deserve their harsh fate, as a result of the oppression and cruelty committed by their hands. The love story came in a picture that probably did not suit the current era with its excessive viscosity, so you did not underestimate it. A book worth reading, and if you should see more other sources to form an objective picture, and if most of the books were already unanimously agreed on how bad the succession of the Secretary.
The idea of the novel is very sweet..but the extravagance and vulgarity is very good..the writer cares. With the thrill element, ignore the realism element. You deserve two stars and a text from
Normal . The customer service dealt with the guest was wonderful and beautiful. Dealing with workers in the hygiene department is unacceptable, as on Wednesday, corresponding to the date of / / I called several times to request toilet paper for personal use and after hours passed they brought one box of tissue
Why does a man try to prove his manhood in this way when he is ninety years old, in which a person must forget these relationships that may lead him to his sure death Garcia admired the novel of the sleeping beauties and wrote this novel because he saw a Japanese girl who was sleeping next to him in the plane and remembered the version he loves so it came He has the idea and tried to formulate it in another way .. I do not see any point in the attempts of a man seeking to spend his birthday with a virgin girl, and the night ends while he is contemplating it. I did not feel the launch as I read the lines of his novel
The first thing is the taste of ice cream, sweet, it has sweet flavors like tofu and strawberries, the second thing is cups and biscuits, the right of ice cream and its flavor.
Weak. . Cleanliness
Very weak. . Never befitting a Muslim family, never
The idea, of course, was repeated in many Arab films. All events are very expected. It is fun only in the style of Muhammad Al-Mansi Qandil, who is fun and who loves his style. A story for people who want a change in reading, not more. The Mansi Qandil style remains able to attract you to read even if the story is a duplicate
Quite different pictures from the truth. Only the location of the hotel. The apartments are in one room only, in the lower floors, as if I entered a store. I asked that they be in the upper floors and accept my request. And to whom I arrived, they said there is no one-room apartment except in the first and second floors, and last time, God willing, I reserved only the nights I sat for only two hours.
Beautiful, elegant. Its location is suitable for work near Ghurair.
The story of love between Khaled and a deficient or amputated life and the motives for a life of marriage are not mentioned, neither explicit nor hinted, and her last phone call to him is not understood. Dreams of Mostaghanemy were busy with verbal refinements, flowery sentences and poetic language, and forgot to give the reader a good illustration of the heroine of work on the tongue of Khaled or through her actions. Arab and African countries in the colonial and postcolonial era, they were somewhat proficient in realistic photography and failed in symbolic photography.
A science fiction novel in the Arabic language that is suitable for teenagers and enriches the Arabic library if it was written in a better way. It is very clear that it is the first experience of the author, which relied on the new and different idea and the use of repeated and abusive phrases to the point that the reader feels that he wrote the main draft of the novel and then began describing the words and their synonyms to link to the novel Its large page size. The novel relies on irrational events and excitement to get rid of the multiple dilemmas in which the author put himself, giving the feeling that it is written in a cut and paste method. I never liked it nor recommend it ..
Weak. . The bed cannot accommodate a person and his wife
Tulip is bad because of the employees. . Poor hygiene and reception staff are very, very bad
The book is in great prejudice against women greatly and is clear in all articles
A nice book that I concluded in a couple of hours on it. I know it, but I was reading a little. I liked his method of providing advice easily, but I never liked the feeling that I received. He understood every need in the world, I hope my feeling will be wrong. A point of my disagreement is that it is very difficult, with whom he is in the part where he talks about the problem of Hind in that she wants to work and achieve herself and that he and her husband reject the principle of this. Seriously, I mean, I don&#39;t understand you? I mean, I am born, learn, grow older, marry, succeed, raise, grow older, know, and die .. and keep my name like this with self-realization. Of course, his sensitivity came back in the partial and even his justifications were not convinced. In part, he also says that the one who is trying to do every thing, he will not know .. I am pleased to see that this challenge is that you work between your marital life and your work and your being. If you can achieve this, you will still have achieved a part of yourself, if not all of it. The cover is very cool. Attract me .... And at the end of the comment, I love very much. I thank my friend, Sarah, that she prevented me from buying what I saw in the library once, and she said to me: Wait for what you read first, you may not like it. And from here, I like to say it you had a far-sighted .. Because I will not think that I will ever have in my library a need I feel that even if there is an attack on the woman. But the book is delicious .. a comic break between rigid books:
Very weak. I would not advise anyone to live in it. nothing
Boring to the point that I am not satisfied
Weak. . I didn&#39;t like anything at the hotel, and I didn&#39;t expect hotels in Jeddah to be of this standard
As usual, I like to browse the books I have, so I opened it in order to browse it and did not get out of it until two hours later and I had devoured it completely ... The world of the Pharaohs fascinated me from my childhood, and I would love to read their history of their families and their kings and the modern archaeological discoveries of their world ... The author tries to explain the curse of the pharaohs that The archaeologists and researchers have died in various mysterious ways. And he tries to find a scientific answer to this curse, he talks about the high level of knowledge that the Pharaohs reached and closed themselves to them, and he tries to return the curse to gases emitted from graves or radiation that cause gradual damage to nerves ... In the middle of the book the author comes out of the topic and elaborates on To talk about other topics in a surprising way ... and does not return to complete the topic that he started .. To this point, I detract from the number of stars
disappointing. I booked four separate beds and did not find the reason for the season to excuse me. Four beds are separate, I did not find my request, and the reason is season, knowing that the hotel details are not complete in Biknak, nor on your official website.
disappointing. Free zero. Cleanliness and the first day was a very annoying day. John was sleeping. There were workers who did not calm down from the crackle, and I had a headache.
Have pity on those people who abandon their religion and then be surprised by the disappointments. If he left Laila in order to seek the pleasure of his father, God will reward him with good from her
The location is great and the hotel is terrible. The site is adorable. The hotel is terrible and there is no Wi-Fi or cleanliness
The second book is written by Muhammad Sadiq, which I read after Hebta .. And again I was sidelined by a writer whose style is good, but the same plot is in the same style of Hebta in that the novel is the object of a novel .. And in the two versions the idea of the hero is similar to the one who must be unfair in his love or be shocked in it .. O deception, death and Parting .. This is often the reason for his sales if his books work on the point of separation and the ideal love that is impossible is present in real life. Some people decide that they are escaping from the dehydration of reality to narrate sums in their love stories to suit their imaginations. In the end, the style of writing it is good but it is the same theme
Very weak. nothing. The smell of the furniture is very dirty .... even with air fresheners the smell remains very dirty .... bathroom plumbing needs urgent change ... an experience that will not be repeated
Fouda&#39;s opinions are generally worthy of reflection. The best essay in the book is that it talks about the terrifying circle between the rulings of military and religion. The writer is a hardworking person who reads and works his mind. His views on the Palestinian issue miss the most important factor, which is the view of the Palestinians themselves
Many of them are already on the star: /. I did not get any benefit from it .. I consider the time I spent reading it was a lost time .. The only benefit was that I decided not to read novels of Muhammad al-Mansi Qandil again .. This is not the first novel that I denied it.
A very bad novel .. very fragile .. very boring .. very silly .. not worth its price .. It even cannot be classified as a satirical literature because the irony is in pushing the fairy to read such nonsense .. Unfortunately it is not even possible to write an objective review About this book, which has nothing to do with either the novel, not even the fun comedy or irony ... With all my appreciation to Ibrahim Issa
It is the second novel I read to Abdo, free from after his novel. It aims at sparks ... if I am allowed to compare them .. so far between the two versions. So, a very simple novel, and I did not expect it from a creator who had previously written with the same pen. Her love is easy..You can know her end before reaching her ... for honesty .. a novel in which she is smart .. as the author put some ideas hidden, some dialogues stopped me and after reading her for more than once I realized that she was hiding behind her the opinions of the writer&#39;s desire not to disclose it Directly, and this was the best of the novel ... Greetings
No sleep in Krakow A word of warning is only for anyone intending to stay in a hostel in Green, Krakow, Poland. The hostel has a room, some in front of the building and some in an annex at the back. Beware of rooms in the facility they call student rooms. Unfortunately, it was not suitable for human habitation, especially in the summer. While it was very cheap in relation to the price of Krakow USD per person per night The rooms do not meet the very basic requirements that the room must meet to allow you to sleep without suffocation. One of the rooms had a window covered with one inch thick glass, which means that although you can open the windows, there is a glass panel behind the window that does not allow any air to enter and if you want to breathe or cool the room, you should sleep leaving the door leading to the room wide open and it is wide open It is not something you wish to do in facilities inhabited by multiple people. The other rooms have windows overlooking the encircled courtyard, which looks like a drawer that provides access to a mini market where air-conditioning units are installed in the patio. These operate at full capacity from the evening until the morning, producing a noise level of many decibels that exceed the comfort level of the human ear. Any sleep with this amount of noise is impossible even with the windows closed. When booking make sure that no rooms are assigned to you in the appendix, you will pay USD a night of torture.
It does not deserve more than one star only for Yusuf Zidan&#39;s literary ability only .. Otherwise its content is foolish jealous ... psychological sexual struggles for a Christian pastor .... I think it is one of the books on which a specific age must be placed on those who want to read it ... with my respect to all. But it is not a book that deserves to be quoted.
A novel to say the least that it is disappointing..It is flawed by the lack of events and the many details in a tedious way..and also the writer&#39;s insistence to insert the meanings of the words in describing the sentences in an interchangeable way on the text..The author deludes you with events and ideas that will not be mentioned ... the Nabati personality is not a personality It is important for his name to be called the novel .. It is only a symbol of the fold that did not appear to him a clear role. I think the only feature of the novel is the linguistic richness of Yusef Zidan, as well as his introduction of historical events in the period of the beginnings of Islam and their approach in a different perspective from the viewpoint of Christians and Jews at this time ..
Since the book was published in general, I try to give the author every excuse in the amount of drama that he pumps for life in his book ... to make the presidents of two states such as Egypt and Syria who held the reins of rule and the country is full of good things where the Italians and Greece worked as tailors and hairdressers in Egypt Syria, and in particular Aleppo, was exporting textile and textile machines to Italy .. After the two presidents assumed the rule of the country in numbers, that country gradually transformed into a cage. All of the political analyzes mentioned in the book contradict what was mentioned in the game of nations and the documents that were leaked in the book What Uncle Sam wants .. Do we believe Uncle Patrick or do we believe the numbers and secret documents published in the two books mentioned above? Or, at the very least, we ask our people and we review ourselves so that we do not lose logic. I am not with the deification of personalities, and this book actually reminds me of another book I read about the Prime Minister of Turkey, Erdogan. It was a book that mocks the mind of the Arab reader, especially to the extent that I am, and certainly if there was a Turkish version of the book, you will not address the Turkish mind with the same methodology .. the method that Arabs love Deify the leader
The experience of the restaurant outside Saudi Arabia Kuwait / Malaysia was amazing, but in this branch it was normal
Poor and idiot .. And does not need to describe more than that
disappointing. . nothing
Unfortunately, her village has implemented the government and general secondary provisions, so I will never live with her
Nothing but the site. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. I did not enjoy my stay in the hotel in all respects except because it is close to the sanctuary the hotel services are poor and weak. I booked a room with a large bed and was surprised that it was with two separate beds. Upon my request to change the bed, I was surprised that workers entered the room without permission or the door ways to the elevators.
We wish the most beautiful to upgrade the hotel to earn a reputation and confidence. I did not find what I liked about the hotel. The lack of credibility and the provision of the required housing in full according to the reservation from Al-Bukankeq
disappointing. . Poor water courses where they were overflowing with water and no drainage.
very bad . nothing. Small room, bad bed mattress, unacceptable hotel, weak WiFi
It has sweet words and beautiful responses, and at the end I liked it, but it was boring, and I ran a lot, so the reading is for my sincerity
It never works. All insects and not very clean.
Good, nothing more. I felt bored in some parts of the book, and pleasure in other parts .. What irked me was the excessive praise and exaggeration in describing the book from some, to the point that it led me to believe that I am on a date with a rare literary masterpiece that no reader should miss .. worth reading in any case. And I came out with some great quotes.
A beautiful novel with which I did not feel bored and made me want to change what I do not like in my life, yet I did not like to portray it as a breakdown of morals as a normal thing.
After almost every ten pages, I was thinking about leaving the novel forever, and even leaving its author ... I remember a sentence that Dr. Alaa Al-Aswany said in one of his seminars when he said that anyone can write a novel if he attends a workshop to write the novel, but who will be a writer Really, he writes a true novel, this is the question ... Dr. did not understand. The magic of Al-Muji that her knowledge of ancient civilizations and psychology, and her knowledge of novel writing techniques, will not intercede for her to write a readable novel. That there is no relationship between the characters of the novel or any overlap in their fate, except that they are friends who meet in someone’s apartment, smoke and listen to music and complain about their concerns ... trying to add this magical atmosphere to the novel by making the goddess Hathor the narrator came unsuccessful and fabricated, and the novel in Its entirety reminded me of Turkish series E, and even some modern Egyptian series in which writing a workshop, where there is no beginning and no end, but rather a group of interlocking stories, sometimes separate, closes a story and opens another, and perhaps this is what the writer indicated to him at the end of the novel on the lips of Hathor, there is no vision owned by the writer, but are thousands of stories that you have to choose any of them, and complete the series ... The language is disturbing, you feel that you are reading a work translated into Arabic, and there are also linguistic errors in bulk, it is quite clear that they are not typographical errors, and the house She did not bother to pass the novel on to a proofreader dealing with these crimes The hideous linguist ... Also, the author did not cost herself a few hours to re-listen to the songs she had put into the novel to verify the correctness of the words, so the lyrics of the songs came almost all incorrect. The novel is bad, and does not promise that the writer has nothing to offer other than wasting time, this is a separation between me and her
The service is poor. Location. Service and
Somewhat appropriate. Reception location positions. TV screen, the pool is small, room service, one of the poorly disturbed workers in the building next door, which is under construction
A very failed hotel. nothing. I lived in more than one hotel during my trip and it was the worst in all the buffet. It is very unsuccessful and there is no diversity in eating. The water is not hot and not suitable for showering. I woke up twice asleep because of the hot air conditioner. There is a staff member named Shadi who is very provocative. Two hours to enter the room, the fridge was empty and there is nothing in it. Finally, when registering Al-Kharrouj, I caused an abnormal inconvenience to the degree that the worker opened the room, and I slept in a hotel that failed in the sense of the word and there is better than it
Weak. . Lack of tact in dealing with the residents, disturbing them during the nap, and asking them to leave without consideration and flexibility
The truth is that I read the novel for a while .. I needed to go back to the book in order to remember the events ..: I fully remember that I liked the style of literary books and was amazed at how somewhat I wasted it in a narrative that is not clear-cut between society and politics and the new intrusive sexual deviation on our society in truth and on many accounts. .. Unfortunately, there is nothing wrong with reading it, so you will find it unless I can reach its significance: .... From the novel:. In the scales of time, lack of progress is considered a caliphate, because time is not static, but it is moving forward, so how is it when people are not satisfied with no progress and begin to retreat? In the sixties and seventies of the twentieth century, life was easier than our days, people were more open despite the political restrictions ........................, .. parents are more keen on Their children, the evenings of people at home are simpler and more joyful ...
This novel is not appropriate for those who wrote body memory and the chaos of the senses.
A collection of philosophical, scientific and religious articles ... useful
The novel is somewhat good. We all fear love. Despite the naivety of the heroine in love .. The hero in this novel is provocative to the extreme.
Wretched people in this world are many, and miserable people like me cannot erase anything from their misery. And their misfortune is nothing less than to pour into their hands these abrasions, perhaps they will cry over them. Condolences and comfort. And if there is to be happiness in this life, it is her happiness to live in it, believing that there is no happiness
Its most beautiful cover
Exaggerated price, narrow, gruesome looting. I am used to unexpected payment. I am used to the small rooms. I am used to paying for facilities in this case air conditioning is not working. I am used to being awake by the noise. All of this will not deter me from staying in again if I really have to. The reason I cannot recommend this hotel to anyone is the fact that they took an extra £ because my partner polluted the sheets with a small amount of blood during her menstrual cycle. Most hotels can legally take an additional price for any damages resulting from negligence. Is being a woman during her period considered neglect? And I think this sets a very dangerous precedent and sexism as it means that women should fear the additional financial fees, simply because of her physiology. I mean, think about all the things people do in bed in the hotel and they are not accidents, but they cause stains, and they don&#39;t pay extra for it? I wonder why? We paid practically to clean the bed mattress. So why don&#39;t they use a sheet like most other hotels do? I have to say that this is negligence. This experience and dealing with employees who can only say we have got your money now and you can do nothing about this left a very bitter taste in my mouth.
I read it more than a year ago, but I did not like it, and I did not complete it then. The writer got lost in the details
Always remember that we are learning the alphabet in order to say something different from what others say .. in order to say a more beautiful sentence, a better word, in order to reach a more complete meaning .. we are learning the alphabet not to repeat what others have said.
To be honest, I did not complete it for several reasons:. Because the events were not arranged, I sometimes got lost and had to go back a few pages. Because of the feeling of disgust at Nizar’s description and condition, and my feeling that the writer is sympathetic to the situation
A hotel I will not live in the future. . I booked six people and the amount was paid in advance to them and upon arrival there were two rooms with three beds, we were not given at least additional mattresses to sleep on and I swear to God I will not live with him again no matter the reasons on the day of the exit annoyed by calling from twelve o&#39;clock to exit Especially the Saudi youth, unfortunately, was the duty
disappointing. Its proximity to the sanctuary. Not clean and the furniture is old
It is said that this book in which Mustafa Mahmoud declares his atheism ... I do not deny the breadth of his culture as is evident in all his texts ... But his thought is certainly not the same as that.
disappointing. . The room phone is not working, and the fridge is like that
Very superficial book. Not worth reading
Very weak. . The bathrooms had no bidet, an old design and they gave us a smokers&#39; room, and we didn&#39;t smoke
Tired and felt sorry for your services. It was a bad experience for me, they gave me a place for my car when I entered the parking lot, I was surprised that it was closed and I could not go out and did not go out except with difficulty, no worker or reception assisted, the staff and workers are frowning, the elevators are crowded, the restaurant clean is low and I recommend not to try it .. A hotel not worth four Stars .
The only narration in my life that I have not completed reading there are no events but rather repeated and boring words in which Al-Qossabi was prolonged in the truth.
I liked how historical events were included in the story and how it affected its hero, but mostly the story is boring
A teenage female narrator about emo and calls is very poor even in language
Too bad and her style is weak. She feels a weak Turkish series, and his narration is very weak
Historical events brought me back to high school. I don’t know anything else. Ahmed Kira love stories Arab films reserved. Another novel is substandard
The writings of Anis Mansour are all similar to each other. This is even in some incidents. They are transmitted from his second book, Souls and Ghosts. The idea is that in the first book he says that the reality happened through ghosts and beyond nature .. With hidden power. This changed Al-Fashr to Payne in other facts, and it is surprising that the name of this writer is this and takes all of this volume and wrote it as quotes from foreign books .. And he repeats the quotes de violin in his books
Ahmad Murad, although a lot of people who read and read carefully and do not like Ahmed Murad and his style, and I was telling every story in which there is a need for him in person or more. I felt bored and jawed in events, and I was going to stop it, but I said, I am loyal to the other. I was the star of the novel, but it stared two stars, so the events started to rush a bit, and I appeared cool by the idea of the characters and its complex composition, which I love. This type was presented by Abdelkader. Why, but the idea that every hero has a sad ending, oh kill, oh kill, live alone, this is very hard. The idea of asking him to Saad Zaghloul and his agreement to hold the authority of this is not known. We remain alert to us that all who remain revolutionary beige in the other and covet a position ..... in the mistakes of not scratching the mind of it in the narration, but the qeshta passed the honorable passage, do yourself
What the shit? . She is the six in your life that has no job but it is a cow that seduces men. I did not understand any meaning of the village frankly but shit
I feel that this novel is incomplete. A review of historical events. And figures I could not imagine being on the ground
Sultanate of Oman . I love the price. I did not like the proximity to the port and the inconvenience of smells
Stay less than ambition. I liked the pool, its location and size, near the tourist places. Disliked the presence of women swimming without modesty. The water is very hot and the furniture is dirty
Means :
Very weak. . Clean room and Kufi heater
Without evaluation. Location. Cleanliness is not good
A meaningless story with my respect to the writer .. As if someone saw a dream and told it to us ..
Weak. . Away from the Grand Mosque in Mecca. The bus delivers passengers far from the campus and takes a great distance. The value is very high.
The site is not on the map. . The reception crew was extremely cold. I booked three beds and two children beds. I was surprised that the largest room is three beds and a very narrow room.
Farce. There is no. The equipment and furniture are a man in the grave and a man in the world
Nice novel .. but I did not find it loaded with new ideas after that
disappointing. The car park is very bad due to the height of the entrance.
Suri Ahmed, but I think you complete a better representation
A strange change for the first time I see it in the writings of Naguib Mahfouz ... Finally we find an abnormal man .. Naguib Naguib Mahfouz is extremely savvy in the field of talking about the forbidden sexual relations between all humans and all human beings and here he shines again in a different way and talks about anomalies. Naguib Mahfouz can tell .. this is a fact .. .. in my view he is the most literal storyteller in exploiting his words .. he can attract you strongly throughout the events .. but in the end you do not find any goal or higher value that you can come up with ... in this The novel, for example, is a set of distorted patterns ... between prostitutes, pimps, homosexuals and grave diggers, and even the only believer in the novel we find Naguib Mahfouz hinting that his faith was only because of the loss of all his children, he has nothing of his command except to convince himself with faith
A book is a compilation of all articles about ordinary people fasting. Among these people are the sheikh, the dancer, the employee, the worker, the teacher, and the soldier. He talks about the lower classes of society, and about the details of their ordinary lives. It is a light entertainment for the average reader.
The beginning of the novel was very encouraging in the book Darwish and the story of Rami, but after that the novel began to remain amusing and boring in some parts, for example, a story of Salma, the last story in the novel, its sensibility is boring, although I was expected a lot from it .. Was the novel succeeded in presenting and rounding the image of immigrants to me? ?? Somewhat .. The length of the novel and the words of Naguib Surour from Diwan. It is necessary for Berne Guayaa ... Before I remember? I said: I will never miss to go back. There you craving, longing for you, if only you knew. What torment, what is the distance, what is exile, then you took on the day of departure .. increased to your bitter alienation two handful of dirt. Egypt, my beloved country. O bird nest threw the wind into a strange nest. O port .. come .. I come even in my wasted body thousands of wounds. And as I went with the wind ... one day .. I return with the wind. I was waiting for another story about Darwish&#39;s story. I used to see that a wonderful novelist could emerge from it, but I was disappointed. I don&#39;t know why I was comparing the novel Jwaya in Chicago to the same circumstances. The technique in which the novel was written is the favorite technique for me, whether in films or novels ... We have a comeback with Ezzeddine Shoukry:
I regret choosing the hotel. The hotel depends on its name and popularity only, and compared to other hotel companies, it is significantly underdeveloped. Furniture, decor is very old, communication facilities and express services are weak
It is true that you are a seafood restaurant, but what is the shameful smell of the putty and putrefied water, as if someone is dead in it. Thank God for the blessing, a good restaurant, but the smell played a big role in the bad
A high price compared to what he offers .. I asked him for a kebab once, a small bowl of two small kebabs, a chicken unit and a second meat, and the price is real for what ??? I will never buy from him anymore ..
The names of her twin brother. They are the paradoxes. Death and life. Night and day. the sky and the earth. When darkness attracted another dark decorated in the form of school. I took it off the names of her deck to show what she really is. It reminded me of the idea of light one and darkness multiple and formed. Not the best of what Buthaina Al-Essa wrote
I enjoyed the narration and its narration, but because it is a historical narrative that is subject to Christianity, I cannot judge it from this side except after research and confirmation of the correctness of events
Weak. A very, very, very small room was reserved and requested to be changed and rejected. The room is very small
The book as an idea in the first chapter is excellent, but the rest of the story ... events lead to an unexpected end on the one hand that the end is expected to exceed the necessary to the extent that you do not imagine that this really is the end of this book .. I got the book with a gift coupon so I did not feel a loss Or his negligence in giving him two stars: and these two stars of the idea that was born in the first chapter and died before the end of the same chapter.
Very weak. . I booked through Albukengulm I did not receive the suite except after hours. The administration is very poor in the deadlines.
Too bad a different, naive person named a tree focuses on the manager of his factory, so the monument is erected, it has no value to remember.
Monster her village need Khairi Shalaby
A very superficial novel, and I was reading it, as I was reading it. I felt that I was reading a reading lesson for the fifth grade of primary school, and the author’s language and the good style in the narration did not intercede for her.
After a long struggle with the psyche and the conscience, I had to regret that I stop reading the story of this novel and its attributes without completing it ... Unfortunately, I do not like to stop reading the text in the text and consider that a text book is read .. As a semi-finished love relationship. Unfortunately, I am not tolerable .. The novel is full of details of torture Hanna and his tragedy in prison between a prison and a castle and a cave and a corral .. Hanna and I are transferred with death from boredom and I am not interested in frankness The writer’s language is very good and is familiar in the Arabic language .. .. And the reader gets lost from you:. But I do not want to remain unjust on the writer, but I do not understand the novel that took the poker. With any case, the novel is for Leah, it deserves stars because of historical information and language ... but not so, I am very generous, the writer:
The worst book I have read for Al-Makhznji, and if it were not for stories, but I liked it, I was doing it with one star
The two stars are for the writer only, and I think he did not deserve the Saudi award except for his name as well .. The plot is somewhat acceptable, but I am still surprised by the inclusion of the device in the text. This intercalation did not serve the text as much as it scattered the topic .. the other intercalation is the insertion of a sexual story and not a love story in the folds of the novel in a way that I think is not appropriate for the writer Mohamed Al-Rattian. Rattian doesn&#39;t need to market his merchandise with sexual stories as the novice writers do ... dear Mohamed Rattian, you can write better than this.
Weak. Its proximity to the sanctuary. The room is very small. Cleanliness is poor. I requested that the room be cleaned within three days, and it was cleaned only once
The enthusiasm popped up inside me as soon as I read the book’s title .. I expected many details of the doctor’s life .. the life that I work hard to get .. I expected to be filled with enthusiasm and provide expertise .. and learned a lesson .. that I do not expect anything based on the title only . From the start I wanted to close the book and send it to the trash, but the saying of Akkad was dancing in my mind .. Akkad says there is no book to read and I am not benefiting from anything new, so even the trivial book I benefit from reading it, that I learned something new is what is the banality? And how the book writes buggers ? And what are they thinking? . So I decided to give her many opportunities .. But she flattened away and a lot .. I do not hide that in my childhood I wished to be a boy .. To be a brother and friend to my older brother. But I have never thought of what you mentioned .. My mind has not accepted what you say .. Maybe different societies have a big role, but I believe that the spiritual connection with God is the most important factor .. the knowledge of man with his Creator and his confidence in wisdom behind his presence on this earth and his belief in the missionary role that He holds it on his shoulders ... away from him the obsessions that lead him to think that he is the weakest link in this universe and that there is no point in his existence. I do not recommend my friends to read this book
I do not recommend staying in this hotel. The only thing was the reception staff treated it was pretty good. To the honesty, the apartments deserve more than this evaluation, but I got a position because of him. I regretted that I made reservations for them. The apartments are very poor. I had read in the comments of one of the previous inmates a complaint about the subject of insurance before the housing, and they unjustly fined him. I did not expect that to be true, but because of that I refused to pay the insurance provider, and despite my great care, as well as the children, to use cautious use, the receptionist insisted that I pay a riyal because I broke a bad laundry diffuser whose value does not exceed one riyal based on the employee’s own statement .. While it was a very very simple indentation, and it was never broken, and once it was used, it did not bear the weight of children&#39;s clothes even, and I informed them of this for the trust and I did not think that this requires paying a fine and I have proof of all of that from pictures, invoices and the like..Therefore, I believe that the apartments are imposed These fines are because they know that equipment is poor and may also be sucking T entered her; for a multitude of fine, this deal irresponsible and senseless even that alienate all Alenzla.moqa acceptable despite after several tourist places.
It gives a very negative idea about Saudi Arabia.
Perhaps Voltaire’s book was useful when he wrote it in the century, but human minds have reached a far greater range of tolerance that Voltaire aspired to achieve. For example, he did not see that depriving those who violate the ruler of his religion from accessing some jobs or imposing excess taxes on them is not inconsistent with the concept of permissibility with him. The book is full of many facts about persecution and religious fanaticism in ancient times. One of the shortcomings of the book is that the author elaborates on the facts, as if you are reading a newspaper or a history book and does not try to infer his idea a lot. I used to hear an old saying that I may disagree with you, but I am ready to die in defense of your opinion, which is attributed to Voltaire, as I knew recently, and I used to look at Voltaire with admiration at the time, but I certainly did when I read his book. One of the things that we benefited from reading this book is that the facts mentioned in the book in the century are our reality and our condition in a year in the Arab countries
The worst hotel I&#39;ve stayed in. . The rooms are very poor, small and cramped, the furniture is bad, and the restaurant is bad
disappointing. . Hygiene pitched
Very bad . . The value is very high due to the level of apartments, the cleanliness of the rooms is almost non-existent, the beds are covered by them, and there is not enough drinking water available.
The hotel is very very dirty and dirty. I didn&#39;t like anything. Cleanliness is very poor. Parking is not bad. Wi-Fi is bad. Reception is poor. The room shown on the pokings is not really the same.
Weak. The system of the rooms with the staircase is uncomfortable and the light is full. No time for breakfast, stair and sound insulation
Focusing on homosexual phenomena that undoubtedly grow in society. It is the usual, very negative point, and the exaggeration of describing some sexual scenes makes you feel that you are in front of a porn movie. The character of Walid Sultan is not the personalities of the real police officers, so they are not that smart and they do not have that
It did not and will not end. I just read it out of curiosity. Because of her candidacy for the Booker, and angered some friends that she did not win the prize. Monotony of detail. You didn&#39;t pull me after reading a page
The service is very, very weak and the photos are the opposite of reality. Room size. The corridor is always dark because the lighting system does not work. Pictures as the location reflects reality. There is no washing machine and no iron for clothes. The room smells like a bed for children who are less than a year old.
It takes too much time to fill the tire more than the time the tire changes
. . The staff were good. The owner of the hotel requests insurance, and the luggage of the hotel is old, and the cleanliness is not good because there are no good quality cleaners
The first novel I read ... and, as usual, the Saudi female novelists .... Keieeeeeeeeibat ..... By the way ... I dedicate anyone who wants to read or watch any Gulf business this passage:. : //. . / = ...
A poetic novel is undoubtedly a good narration for those who love this type of narration .. On the personal side: Mazagatli.
Upset stomach, feeling nauseous and wanting to vomit
I tried to be more companion to the novel, especially since it is a first work, but I could not start, starting with the name of the novel, which suggests that I will read a novel inspired by an Alexandrian atmosphere, but I was surprised that the author himself often talks about Alexandria again, where medical students walk along the wall of the Alexandria library and where in the side streets You left your car in it next to the wall of the library with its consent, and where people travel America from Burj Al Arab Airport, what we have, of course, as one of Alexandria, I felt that I was laughing at me, but we will speak of this and we can enter into the most important thing, except that it is the language used in the novel, of course the writer&#39;s effort is clear In the use of Al-Fusha in all the dialogue, but when we write Al-Fusha remains to be avoided The blood of camel and expressive expressions with his consent, I mean, don&#39;t use the method of Anis Abeed laboratories, and let the character say that instead of that which is used at the beginning of the sentence ... or I say closed from so-and-so, it remains a formal expression that is not a literal translation of the vernacular. Finally, he tied the knot of the novel in the last chapter that hurt her very much because he lost a great opportunity to present the hero&#39;s feelings and the struggle inside him during the events of the novel. Observing the last dimension also, what does not survive, all the characters of the novel have the same qualities ... they are all sensitive and they conceal their air? No one has no blood? No one does not know how to hide his feelings? This subject added a glimpse of depression to the novel, which could have been mitigated by a slight change in the character of the heroes
Agree with the idea. Disagree with the offering. God have mercy on Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud
Dislike . . The hostel does not appreciate the residents, and there are no clear excuses for the inhabitant, knowing that I booked on the internet, and when I arrive late at night, the receptionist tells me, you have no reservation, I have a letter confirming my reservation.
disappointing. Location and parking. The price is expensive and the service is bad. The kitchen is bad
I do not recommend it forever. Almost nothing. I did not like anything
A book followed by Muhammad Sadiq. A few hours one day, Muhammad Sadiq. And the topic is one of them ... the emotional problems ... the young man who lives with no difference with anything in this world. Who is the character of Taha in the dust of diamonds, who lives in the blue elephant and a in Hepta and Taha al-Ghareeb in Taha al-Ghareeb, and you have a lot of real estate. The topic is one in petals novels ... romance. Here, there is a little permissible ... I think that if I had started for Muhammad Sadiq, I would have liked my life time, I wouldn&#39;t have bought a novel like I did with Ahmad Murad ... . A book not recommended to read to anyone, because it is not very sweet ... but it does not benefit from it
disappointing. I only liked the calm. Congestion to elevators and slow access procedures. Furniture is a bit old, the smell in the room is an experience that will not be repeated
Legal shit
The story of Bohr, I don’t know, does the writer deserve those curses that I cursed for his novel and for him personally, or deserves more than that .. I was shocked by the regret that dominates the novel and underestimating the minds of the readers. And it is inappropriate to present it as an innocent and magical novel, but rather as a narration for a teenager .. Despite the innocence that lies in the character of the heroine who is mutually exclusive in love .. The injustice that befell the hero and the amount of misery controlling the characters .. What really amazed me is it worthy of good and on that The unfair end ??
There is a difference between Surrealism and any Hubble in the mountain, a difference between breaking taboos or departing from the traditional or even serving the text and degeneration and insignificance and vulgarity, this narration of his regret and the most ridiculous of what I have read, I have never regretted such remorse before I read a book, Ahmed God It was not a paper copy, it might have been ignited. I never advise you to read it, I have warned you.
A resource without management. New luggage. The service of connecting the built-in sound and the rooms in the campus is not present. The cleanliness of the bathroom chair is not clean from the inside. There is an independent reception to deliver the room upon departure
The staff at the front desk had a very rude and rude behavior, my father traveled to Macau and his phone was switched off. I called the front desk to make sure that he safely arrived at the hotel and checked in. The person who answered the phone did not have taste, and did not receive a salutation which may be acceptable. But what really irked me was that when I asked him, all I found was someone shouting on the phone, I spelled to him my father&#39;s family name, and his reaction was like what? Do not tell me in English, give me the name in Chinese loudly rude .. I was shocked, I would have to tell him please lower your voice, I am not deaf. Of course I did not tell him that, but the whole conversation with this man was a disaster. How can someone like him work in the hospitality industry, and Holiday Inn is an international hotel with a well-known name. I don&#39;t know how to train their employees. When my family travels to Macao, wherever we go, people are very kind .. Frankly it was wrong to choose the Holiday Inn, I should not have trusted him and let my dad stay there.
God just succeeds. What I liked about something. every thing is bad
A book came out despite all the apparent obfuscation of Juhayman&#39;s story .. Finally, I found information about it ... although it was not on the scale of the expectation .. Unfortunately, the book&#39;s language is very simple to the point of superficiality .. There are many gaps .. and contradictions about the writer&#39;s opinion of Juhayman ... in The beginning of the book was my impression on Juhayman that he is an educated young man who reads books voraciously. I was surprised by the writer’s insistence in the end that he was almost illiterate .. There is a complete disregard for the role of the state in the matter, its role is hidden from the beginnings of Juhayman until the incident of the Haram .. which passed quickly. .. There were moments in the book that I felt that there were paragraphs intentionally cut off, a feeling that I was forced to write to clear himself or acquit the state perhaps ... a star is enough for him, the second star of the attachments that if read alone would suffice.
I was surprised that the group won an award. She was more amazed at her choice in the family library
The biography of Ibrahim Naji is poetry if it is correct to name it in the manner and style of Ghazi Al-Qossabi
Not worth buying
General level. The location of the hotel is the most important thing in my initial choice of the hotel as it mediates all vital facilities in the emirate and its proximity to the trade center in addition to easy access to it. The hotel has very poor services and additional fees that are not mentioned during the reservation are taken by you in addition to that they do not have other vital services such as parking because there are no parking spaces nearby the hotel as they do not have a luggage carrying service
disappointing. I liked the proximity to the mosque only .. the reception is poor. Not entering on time. Failure to equip the rooms before arrival, when we attended the hotel, we waited for about an hour and a half until we received a room only, and after three or four hours we received the other room. Bags did not come to the rooms until after I got off and received them myself. The main room does not have towels in the bathroom. They were in a hurry to check out of the hotel, knowing that we were late to check in. When checking out and receiving the exit bill, no one came to carry the bags. The number of employees at the reception is small compared to the number of people coming to the hotel. For your information / I had booked in this hotel four nights and when I saw the reception I called on and then changed from four nights to only one night and I was reluctant. I heard such a person complaining about the hotel while I was at the reception. Peace, mercy and blessings of God
Very weak. . I don&#39;t like the service, the cleanliness of the place, the sleep, the bathrooms are not equipped, there is no maintenance, there are no TV channels that are striking and they smell foul
This is the right restaurant to be called El Gink Food Restaurant, not Burger King. All the evidence is that it is a gingko, starting from the saturated oils that enter the body and never get out. Sometimes the paper wrapping the burger is cut off from the more oil in which it is possible to fry eggs. Meat is a second thing. I don’t know what meat you get. You open the bread and see it. You get white points distributed, you don’t want it, and this is noticeable every time I try it, especially the whopper. This you feel something that you feel you eat paper. The chicken is a joke, especially the whopper. It brings you white as if it was not boiled, and the chopper became grilled and needle? Of course, the restaurant is one of the fastest restaurants in order processing, it takes only a minute, and this is a negative, positive, talented thing because the meat is fried or grilled in the factory in America, then it freezes and when the customer comes, he is presented to him after heating it with the microwave. Also, why is the only restaurant that takes two riyals to add cheese? On the head of a feather, its prices are fictional, and the service and meals are meaning of the word. Goodbye and put him on the black list.
Very weak. The room for two people was reserved for real and the same room was taken by a guest in front of Real, and this is an immoral act. The price is high at the hotel level, as a friend of mine rented the same room for SR for the same number of days. Thank you
Very weak. The site is excellent. Cleanliness is bad, furniture is old and worn out, bad services, bad internet
Inconvenience by the staff to call and knock on the door. . I told the receptionist to clean the room.
Very bad . . One of the beds was broken and the wheels were broken. The decorations are dirty, and the bedding is yellow. The curtains were torn. The site is annoying. In general, bad in my opinion. . . . .
Bad hotel. nothing. Cleanliness, location, car park, nothing worth staying in this hotel
The first book on. so bad :/. One star sufficiency out of respect for the time spent writing nonsense
I read the novel after seeing a few episodes of the wonderful series ... I was very touched by the characters of the actors .. I could see the characters moving between the cards. .. I see laughter and tears .. the experience of reading after watching the artwork .. an experience that I will not repeat again.
disappointing. . The bathrooms are not clean
A beautiful and simplified book that deals with well-known public and social morals that many people are unaware of. It has benefited me a lot because I need to review some of the etiquette that I use during my day with an Islamic dye and add with the worldly religion
Treated very tired. Reception is very unsuccessful and does not deserve to go down there, and with exaggerated images of it, in the truth of everything but. The receptionist and the Filipino employee are at reception during the daylight
I did not merge with it .. I did not benefit from it ..
. Displaying the four characters as different people .. And then discovering that they are one person who loved me in every character and brought me closer to them more and made me see among them common needs I did not see her first and I imagine the person’s development and I feel it in every development .. Other than that I am concentrated in the great framework of stories and my understanding in The other is his response, what is Hebita, I mean ... a Greek and what a Greek is supposed to do with what a response it is that I should not suffer my brain to perform complex mental operations and answer from the beginning of the book to the end of it to understand a need in love I mean ....
I regret that I booked at Citymax Hotel on my vacation. . Lobby, breakfast, room size, bed, toilet space,
Fun, but curious to have poker
The novel in general is what I liked, but it contains sweet phrases
I am surprised by the noise that the Bureau treated. The office is very poor. Style and words. Two hours I did not know him with a sweet poem that never touched my heart. Not surprised, nor a poem, I liked it. I felt the writer to put the words of some side with a rhyme and salvation, and even the rhyme could not be tuned with him .... If it was a speech that had thoughts instead of a word of poetry, it was possible to link the words to each other and come up with something ... I did it two stars. The first is for Adam&#39;s cream, which makes this hard cover. And the second one, because of his poem, was a hope that I used a song and heard, just like that
The first thing that attracted me to the novel was not one of its villages, but its villages, but I naturally liked the adventure and the initiative. The simplicity of the Arabs attracted me. The love stories in which a little teenager has no maturity in the events of Moselnic, sincere feelings of the heroine of the novel towards anyone, as if her beauty is the focus of the universe, and this is exaggerated by some. Narration of quick events, times and slow times, which is good for me with boredom. I hope the next story will be better and have valuable messages and feelings communicated to the reader
A book I read in half an hour in the resort and does not deserve more than this can be converted into pulp bags easily
Pictures and description of this room Never have this hotel. nothing. The delay in reception and there is no work. I helped the employee in registering the data. The cleanliness is somewhat bad. The interior pictures of the hotel on the site belong to another hotel. The description on the business suite is unreal.
The language of the novel is poor and her style is totally artistic .. Salwa&#39;s character is provocative ... The open end without a solution to Salwa’s condition did not like me .. Some of the events were her catastrophic catastrophe on the novel and I don’t know what is the desired benefit from it, such as the incident of the invasion of Kuwait and the names it entered into the Muslim Brotherhood Without any addition to the novel, the Kuwaiti parties, and many others ... Likewise, all of Salwa&#39;s relatives became spies who knew Yara&#39;s movements and their travels.? . Also, close to Salwa, who gave birth to her baby on the same day with Yara .. What is this absurdity? . All this is with the palm and pursuit of Salwa for Yara everywhere on a man she essentially did not like .. So why would she pursue her and would like it to be a true copy of her .. also if she really loved him she would have changed herself for him .. in fact I hate this ignorant kind of women The flounder in his life .. He is interested in correcting the opinion of many, even in contradiction with his desires and aspirations ... and he cannot seize the opportunities to make his successes. The novel is provocative, and Rania Al-Saad did not like our heroine Salwa, and most probably she hates a real personality that resembles Salwa, except when she stripped her so much.
The rest of her. What is left for you. What is left to me. Calculation of the remains. Calculating death. Calculate the loss. What remains for me in the whole world: a path of black sand is between two losses a tunnel blocked by both ends. All postponed, all postponed, then clapped the door, took off his shoes, and sat as if the house was his home, and if I had a tree and a inch of land, I would have executed him, but she did not say anything and left me to go without a single call. . Why do they kill you? Another trifle. It is okay to complete his life trivial. He dies trivial. Ghassan’s style was very strange in the novel. It is a possible interwoven style in which two people can speak in one sentence
Oh, the book is forbidden to me other than the habit of Omar Taher
I do not know that she has this insolence to underestimate our intelligence and literary tastes every time we repeat the same phrases and read the same structures with a simple change of the title of the book?
Sea Hotel stay only fit Indians right. The only advantage in a hotel is that it is close to the Raqqa metro only. There was no cleanliness at all, and the hotel furniture is old
The book is the best interpretation of the phrase “the right words intended to be null and void of servitude to human beings and bloodshed and distortion of the concept of homeland and freedom in the name of religion and the elimination of what he called Sayed Qutb of pre-Islamic society
There are very long paragraphs related to the security and political conditions in that era, but it may raise the reader’s suffocation from prolonged prolongation .. It is nothing but excessive stuffing that has nothing to do with what the events of the novel indicate:
. Close to the metro and restaurants. Too bad when we arrived, we waited for more than half an hour to prepare the room without hospitality, and when we asked for water for the medicine, we sent the employee to the restaurant to buy water
My opinion is that it will be disputed by many people. The novel I did not read because it is revolting to me. The dialogue is not good, and the terms are cliche, and no one says the youth, they speak. Because, in my opinion, I write literature that remains my duty, I give the reader good language and acceptable ideas that do not violate morals. One star because the narration style at the beginning of the novel was somewhat sweet and different from the rest of the novel. Other than that, I do not see language, message or style of dialogue
Weak. I like it. Price is equal to service and location
The third part and the end of the biography of Hassan bin Abu Dab .. the thief .. the adulterer .. the trader of antiquities and all that you can attach to someone with bad qualities that you find in the biography of the hero here .. the whole novel cannot be believed by a mind .. a quantity of paradoxes and toys On the chord of chance it is not possible to see him even in the worst films of Indian drama .. The writer wanted it a black comedy that explains the story of the rise of the Tramp from the bottom to the top of society to prove in the end that the corrupt and the very corrupt are the ones who reach the highest peaks in this afflicted country but he did not respect the mind The reader .. many contradictions presented by the novel and contrived and fabricated events, which certainly lose any credibility .. In it also spoil the pleasure of reading .. In the end, the story is events that are narrated, so what is needed to describe every new place the hero enters, and what are the most places in the novel with all this digression that sometimes takes several pages .. Then the description and re-description of eating, hashish and opium frequently and With nothing new throughout the pages of the novel .. The third part is definitely the worst .. You can skip several pages without missing any of the main events and they are very few here .. A novel in general is a good idea, but it was written in a literary form that is very expensive to transform the character of the hero from a character Realistic can be believed to be a fantasy character that has nothing to do with reality
Not a good hotel. .
Despite some nice thoughts .. The writer made an effort to make the simulations but they were not deep .. If the novel ended when Hattan was weak and caught up with Diala better, then we do not ask a Sahrawi man something else. :
A very bad Claridge hotel named furnished apartments. There is nothing I liked about Claridge Hotel. Reception, cleaning, smelling services, breakfast, internet ... etc
Beautiful despite his depression:. Although I decided that this period is the least, I will not read any sad need:. But I weakened in front of some quotes from him and decided to read it:. Beautiful but optimistic:
One of the things that most provokes me in any novel is the use of colloquial language in a prosaic way .. Why do I say a window while it is possible to say a window? When I decided to read this novel, I was drawn to the high evaluations that I received, but upon reading it I did not find that the flag deserves this high evaluation .. According to the introduction, this novel is the first production of the writer according to the policy of the publisher publishing for who deserves, but after reading the advice I advise the writer to choose her writings more If you want to continue ... regarding the drama, it may be good, but the treatment is weak. In addition, I did not like to add good qualities to a thief, in addition to that I did not find a dramatic justification for what he did or not because he was there.
The value for services is incompatible. I did not like anything. Unpleasant smell disturbing the corridors, restoration and tight parking
disappointing. . Delayed entry after reception for apartments, parking places for a sum of money
The site map on the site is incorrect Please pay attention I stayed here on January of the year thinking that the hotel is located in the Dubai Marina area according to what was published on the site. In fact, it is located next to Al Karama, behind an area that cannot be compared to other places. Dubai has many, many other options with a better location and amenities that make you acknowledge that you are wasting your money here. The staff cooperated with us in our promotion to better rooms after asking us to cancel the reservation due to lack of hygiene, rot in one of our rooms, moldy spots on the bus and because of an error related to the hotel’s location when booking. We were upgraded to one-bedroom suites, which were nice, although still lacking in cleanliness and other minor things that needed maintenance. The shower was installed in my room in the same way that I write now. And hotels in the bottom row if you compare them here in terms of price, then there are rooms available closer to the metro line and other main attractions and I advise you to these rooms instead of these even if you will incur additional expenses of approximately one dollar or the like. You will save that money again by avoiding you to take a taxi from here to get the safety you want. But if here is the last available place, there is nothing wrong with it anyway. The mattress looked clean and slept well. Taxi transportation is also available here.
What a boring pigeon.
Ordinary book, neither sweet nor a monster, its village to live the taxi driver experience in dealing with all kinds of people, but it did not affect me as required. /
. Narrowed by language and scarred by the soul
The classical discipline of my dream does not exceed the classical written by a middle school student, and the style is not attractive, but the vernacular is light in shade and I liked it ... my dream is creative in acting, and I expect that if he wrote a comic script it would remain fine .. but the classical writing is not appropriate for him
disappointing . Cleanliness. The inconvenience is very high throughout the night from the top floor. Unfortunately, we did not find a final response from the hotel staff, as we could not sleep at all. The adaptation was not good as the quality of the conditioners is poor.
The story of the novel is fading, I felt that I was reading an Arabic movie
Explicit representation of a group of people who take advantage of your demands to take dearly from you, such as the law of the jungle, which has no mercy and no survival of the fittest, because all who assume positions are morally corrupt except from the womb of my Lord. On the other hand, there are the Puritan who speak in the name of religion, who delude you that life with religion is torment and that everything that touches the world is forbidden.
A strange novel. Ideas crowded with smoothness. She wanted to do everything and she failed. I have never liked to justify betrayal. Repeated because of her inconsistency with her husband and his betrayal of her. A very weak novel, not worth it
Introduction by Abdo Jabir .. My first poetic readings by Naguib Sorour, and I have previously read about him a biographical novel, Sorour by Talal Faisal .. The Wise Men of Feathers: They are the wise men of poets, writers, artists, and painters who go to Cafe Rish .. Frankly, my poetic tastes are not strong.
Good style, but I don&#39;t like fictional and political stories
Very weak. The hotel rooms are just exterior rooms, similar to the rest rooms, overpriced once.
It does not rise to the point of a hotel, not a star hotel ...... Proximity to the Noble Sanctuary only ...... the reception is very bad and uncooperative..The hotel does not care about general hygiene and cleanliness of rooms You can notice the low level of hygiene as soon as you enter the room ... In the city of the Messenger of God, room services are very poor and bad treatment ....
Very weak. . Disturbed sleep, lack of hygiene, parking is very poor and tight
disappointing. Location. The cleanliness of the bedspreads is very negative. The bedspread used to receive the employee was not what was required when requesting maintenance services for the air conditioner. The response was not made until after four hours.
disappointing. . The reservation included dinner at the restaurant and unfortunately the restaurant is poor
Let me say the truth .. When I listened to the Pascalia, I felt upset .. and stomach ache also ... I am not one who sings music .. But to be thrown into the oud in my funeral crying, this is really much .. As if you mix salt with sugar ... A madman will not want to taste This powder .. As for its palatability, it is a distant thing ... I have never loved the Basicala and I will not do ... But the novel is not of that in anything .. It has a slight shadow..realistic humor..and a youthful spirit..I loved it..and I knew a lot about Tariq Al-Hayy and Al-Jami&#39;a ... worth reading ..
A poor standard hotel in exchange for accommodation. nothing. The hotel is very expensive and poor-level. The price is higher than the price on Booking.com dot com. There is no window in the room to breathe. Breakfast is very weak.
A well-deserved time. I reached forty need page and lost my ability to complete it frankly. The people who say that it is one of the best bureaus that I have revealed are very frankly disagreed with them .. I wish they could read hymns to Ahmed Al-Najjar. Amr Hassan his wife needs better on his page on Facebook .. but the office is very bad, frankly
Unrealistic pictures. Treat employees. No parking, the place is not clean, there is a bad smell
A beautiful night to rest before the flight and near the airport. Very comfortable and delicious. Thank you, the receptionist, the Egyptian brother, gave me an upgrade to a very luxurious room. There was a marriage for Indians in the last floor and a bit of inconvenience
Two stars for his literary attempt and some of the clips I liked. But the whole story is poor. And the end disturbed me very much
Very poor service, terrible experience what was supposed to be a relaxing and romantic weekend that turned into an uncomfortable and horrific experience. For two consecutive nights Friday and Saturday, we couldn&#39;t sleep because the bedroom was facing the place where the weddings took place, where the loud music buzzing our ears until early morning. The bedroom was not clean, and the staff was not very friendly. There is no mindset that focuses on customer service. Very high price due to the quality level and the treatment method you receive. The check-in process took a very long time, with no clear instructions and no service. The staff was totally confused about breakfast service. The food arrived a minute later, while the drinks never arrived. And after getting the water right before I got dehydrated, the waiter was so tasteful to tell us that we waited for only a few minutes and apparently didn&#39;t realize that the wait was for a while. Exactly an hour. The people in Lebanon are very friendly and hospitable, and it was clear that it was a disappointment to experience this weekend at a beach resort ...
I think it is important for a person to know what others think about him sometimes to realize his weaknesses, but there is nothing new in the book. Bribes, old habits, oppression. We are all aware of its existence ... its focus on the Bedouins and some of the book is very boring, and the language is weak.
. . Between failure and success, Karim Kassem Amr Abed Ahmed Hatem, this trio, which started with the films &quot;spare time and magic&quot; to separate, then Karim Kassem presented a disastrous movie, which is in natural colors, while Amr Abed failed to leave a mark in the Mickey family, while we wait for the screening of the Ahmed Hatem movie to glimpse to decide Amr Abed and Karim Kassem, to return to work together, but without Ahmed Hatem, so that the new side is Mohamed Salam The film discusses the superficiality of the issue of education. The story is beautiful, but full of mistakes. For example, where did students learn about the subject of the fictitious university and how did they accept the topic that there were no doctors for ten days, other than the very weak end of the film, a silly and incomprehensible end intended to show that the university was under the administration of students Much better than being run by higher education. Dialogue: Poor and boring in the majority of the film. Directing: Akram Farid. Graphic: Normal, but selection of foreign songs was successful. Acting: Karim Qassem: Medium, but certainly better than a farce in natural colors. Amr Abed: Surface dull, ridiculous, repetitive, dim performance. Mohamed Sallam: A better performance than a trio of youth, high comedy performance, wit and overwhelming presence. Lotfi Labib: The role may be repeated, but it was beautifully presented. King of Koura: the summit of ridiculousness, luxury, and heavy blood. Alessi Wehbe: Unlike the king of Qura, she performed a smooth and enjoyable performance, and she really convinced me that she was scandalous. Farid Al-Noqrashi: The film bomb is a great performance and a distinct appearance. The movie in general was acceptable, but it was full of unnecessary stuffing for some characters, such as the very marginal Tamer Adel, who is not important to the dramatic context, but to fill the time the same thing applies to the grandmother of Amr Abed. . . A failed and shallow attempt to tackle a huge problem like education.
Happiness is a journey, not a destination
disappointing. nothing. The bathroom smells bad
First of all, the name I felt from it is that the novel will remain a mystery and be resolved in the end ... something like this, another need that I had imagined that it would talk about love and not know the impression, this is precious to us .. it is permissible from the title and the cover. The idea is very sweet, and I liked it, he wanted to deliver a certain value, and that love is not perfect, nor the one that distorts it, idealistic .. Life is full of boredom, disgust, ditches, and every need, and it is assumed that this is expected even if I lived a love story and did not address your expectations, in a reaction that I love. Because no matter how close you are ... it is not you, and you are not, and therefore you will not behave as you yourself do, and it will not enter your mind to know the way you are, that you treat you in every situation. And often, what does not mean that your expectations are violated or remain less than them ... We should appreciate this, and if we are realistic, we do not think that is final or we do not think at all in these situations. By meeting yourself, you took a certain position, even if you are mentally convinced that the situation is wrong. I said that the idea is like a funny idea. Rather, like the implementation of what made it difficult for him for this reason for several reasons ... First of all: going out of the story every bit, because the lecturer did not comment on it, but he did not object to it. The story is a little disturbing sometimes. I was hoping that it would be for a specific goal every time, its words were not deep, but they did not reach any need. The second of them: there is a part in the text asking people to not criticize our religion, I think because they do not know its circumstances and do not hear from it. I imagined that it would speak on the tongue of our religion and give us its point of view, and therefore convey an important meaning .. but this unfortunately we did not and do not know why. Logically, he was still there. The third of them: The end from the beginning of his association with the four characters with each other boiled, or so And she needed a lot of work about this ... I lost in the text and in it a character occurred from me and the character&#39;s symbol was cooled by letters. This had a role in this disorganization. The fourth of them remained: the conclusion. Very monster:. Arrived at the end of it ?? And the attendees got to eh ??. I myself, in the end, did not reach a need other than stories to tell them, they got up at the end of one hero. Rather, take advantage of his story Mevich. It is assumed that from the beginning of the lecture, there was a prelude to the objectives that were supposed to reach its end and focus on it in the end in a clearer way .. Rather, the lecture started without what I understand about what or what is its goal? Neither the attendees are going, they attend it and pay for money as long as they are not students or an official lecture. In the end, the lecture said to them, without highlighting any goal. I would have liked replacing the many breaks that were in the text from my point of view, which did not serve the goal sincerely .. They all had their end to the end and made a complete analysis of the characters and focused on the points that he wanted to bring to attend or to us in a more correct sense. Or there was a final discussion about benefiting from the attendance, and through it an emphasis was placed on what he wanted to deliver .. what is not sincere:. Of course, it is the amputation of the end so pure ... this is something very provocative. Connect the four to each other and then come out. The owner of the story is real and will come with him every time without saying what you know. How? He does not see his goal either from publishing his story nor any goal to retaliate that he changed his ending on paper. Say hello to your husband, Ismail Bey, at the end and salvation:. . Minus a lot of luxuries .. Or, in the case of novels, there can remain essentials because they build one to create an impact and a good impression.
This is how a person always is. Asceticism as granted, and weep for what was lost
One of the worst needs of her village in the recent period in general. Dr. / Ahmed Khaled deceived the bitter pen de and got away from under his hands the strong link between the characters and events, so the novel appeared very flimsy and very boring, and all the characters are a big part of its details, not the story, with anything. Change the porn that is very clear on all pages of the novel, which is strange to Dr. Ahmed Khaled. I don’t want to say that this viewer is sold because the novel sells, but I can say that it is an experiment for Dr. Ahmed. I hope it will be repeated again.
A bad book for every word. Meaning, I was waiting for something at the level of the trilogy, but unfortunately, I was disappointed in Yasmina Khadra ..
disappointing. I did not like anything. Air conditioning is bad, room smell, no parking
Poor in the dramatic context, plots, mixing vernacular and eloquent in one sentence. I felt that there is a Syrian Hubble, but this is a feeling and detail. The date in the first real is the one that I took advantage of. You say that you are the only prey that I liked
not clean . The site is very close to the campus. Cleanliness I would find bed bugs Bugs in the bed I requested to clean the room and did not change the bed mattress and covers
An anthology of poetry, poetry and mystery. The stories are disturbed by some needs for me, such as the lack of correlation between the parts of the story itself, and many of them are similarities I did not understand very .. But this does not prevent that the language used is beautiful, and that the writer herself is a reader and critic of books, I enjoy reading her criticism, I am waiting to read another book for her.
Bad and the writer&#39;s goal is clear
Only the brilliant name and the retracted service. Only bed and towels. Level of service, there is no Club Club, it does not receive guests in the rooms. Breakfast is a value-for-security reception
Although many stories touched an invisible part of my heart, it did not affect me. The expected effect of love took my eyes on his name, and I found it as mere notes for a young man who grew up in an Islamic upbringing but he refused to be extinguished. Like many others, these notes did not add anything new to me, but they are beautiful in language and simple, which may be useful for others who do not know anything about all of this ...
And I wrote a magic that does not resemble his magic except the words of God in the Torah ..... He died a martyr who died on the religion of the lover .... One book was enough for me to decide that it is impossible to read again to Nizar Qabbani at all
First, Taha Abdel Rahman resorted to criticizing Arab jurists, scholars, and intellectuals, not directly or directly, but through it through their dependency on Western rationality in relation to the relationship of religion to morality. Its intention is not to criticize Western rationality as much as it is a criticism of the Arab mentality either because of its fascination or its dependence on Western rationality. Secondly, criticizing the Arab concept of Western rationality and focusing on it made it overlooked positive aspects in it by criticizing the abstract mind, the Arab reverence for the abstract mind, and its omission from the successive reform processes and the work of the practical mind besides the abstract, which also stripped it of it, and what took it on the Arab concept of abstract rationality. Third, his attempt to carve more relevant and more significant terms from current terms, convinced of the limitations of terms that the book circulates for significance and their sufficiency in literal translation of terms, which is a point counted for the book. Fourth, developing a mental curriculum that does not interact with any curriculum around it, although it is the same approach based on the criticism of a mental curriculum for a neighboring civilization, and this is a relationship of interaction and cannot be disconnected from it, even if we wanted ... and its method does not specify cognitive or mental means and put the mind on an ethical basis and moral purposes Don does not explain how to take up the mind to know. Fifth, his mental approach cannot be despite his lack of judgment on him because he is out of application and because his tools are not clear and he lacks scientific methodology despite his claim to his scientific assumption that he will not go through any crises but rather puts the expected criticism of the curriculum before it comes into effect and responds to its critics and assumes that any criticism will be directed The mechanism is based on an ideological principle, not a scientific principle that investigates scientific evaluation of the curriculum
It is not heroic, mostly superficial, deep in simple particles, not believing that this is Hala Sarhan, sure if she herself has read this book, she will marvel at herself now, and she says where is Hala in time. Sincere about many things, which I like in the book, I mean, I saw and dealt with such anomalous in America, and I have shown, uh, it is a disgrace to them..and I am proud of its Egyptianness, customs, and Islamism .. sincerely at times and manufactured in other times. Cultured, this is Payne one of the things that interests her the most, her love for Broadway theaters. Her blood is light, and she knows that she tells situations that attract attention, even if it is not effective, like her story about dogs. But the book contains a card that you could have written in a week, a lot of confusion, and a position from here on a position from there, so that I do not know how long I have been there and what type of graduate studies do you do? But all this was expected from the title of the vulgar book
I worked hard to read this book. It contains some interesting and important information about the city of Cairo, but the book is full of grammatical, linguistic and water errors that deny the reader the pleasure of enjoying it. You may find a full page is one sentence, without points or paragraphs. Also, the book is a compilation of what was said about Cairo from here and there with little effort in extracting what is directly related to what he is talking about. Repetition in it makes the reader get bored quickly from reading a narration that is not related to any rules of scientific research .. Another matter that the book loses its accent: There are no illustrations that help in understanding things or place, not even a map of Cairo, only a long and inconsistent narration .. This book could have been To be an important reference or a huge encyclopedia about Cairo. The aforementioned takes him to levels he does not deserve ... God&#39;s mercy, may God bless him
All are heavy oils and dough
Da Vinci Code in Arabic:
I heard a lot about the film how it is unfairness of the novel as Anna only depicted a woman who had betrayed her husband. Now that I have read the novel, I wonder, and what is the story other than that? The most confusing of me is how he managed to write nothing in this number of pages, he could list it on a page whose mandate he did not write in the first place, the narration is few events and perhaps dialogues, and it is almost dominated by self-talk and review by vocabulary. He started with the story of a man who betrayed his wife and is nothing but an brother of Anna and then her betrayal of her husband and it seems is something that applies in the family .. Her brother justified his betrayals with the vain of his youth and her justification that she deserves better than what she got and the worst of everything how events were going on and depicting her bad condition and her injustice and where there is no stability in The betrayal did not congratulate the love and continued in her way like any queen of drama and any queen whose life ended in her suicide and that was a good end, as I could not possibly read another line of this glow. A very bad novel and a waste of time, and I would never recommend reading it.
I hope that my friend and two brothers, Mahmoud Khawaja, do not criticize the novel ... which I liked: The idea of the novel can be consumed, but it is sweet. I liked his insistence that he transferred terror to the police atmosphere, a little .. Negi, bug to me, my fans: Language and style betrayed him in some parts, or in most of the novel. I admire that it remains in two styles in the novel, the style of notes, and then we moved to the style of the narrator, and it appeared to me as a childish story to some extent .. The end is not realistic, I want a final clarification of the cold revenge, but the cold revenge will not be so. The most important thing is that you are always away from horror and write a detective novel, this time around. I hope you are unhappy with me, but you requested an opinion with transparency:
I will not live with them again .... Location. The inconvenience you hear the voices of your neighbors, the hygiene is not at the required level, and their Egyptian workers are beggar ...
Overall very bad, it was a very bad experience. We were greeted by someone working at the bar who seemed uninterested in having upstairs rooms. Drunk and noisy people roam the top floor at night. The room was not cleaned one day. Stay away.
Hairly. feeling. A word stuck to faces. The word make you live with it. All sensations. Possible. It is not possible. Joy. Upset. You laugh. Tithe. Be amazed. Be amazed. And more needs more. All this is left. Mesnich. From Goa. Not surprised. Or it could be. Al-Mohsen.
The only nice thing about the novel is its language. Some excerpts I liked: Your voice is spring .. As soon as you speak until the balance of the universe is disturbed, the winter melts in the arms of the summer .. The summer freezes in the arms of the winter .. The autumn dies between them and nothing remains but the spring .. The sun rises in the middle of the night and the darkness is dead by killing .. The flowers open to the ground Icy turns white into shades of green. . I love you but in another word .. a deeper word .. truest .. broader is larger and more comprehensive .. a word that the tongues did not consume .. I love you with a word that the hypocrite and the liar did not utter .. a word that a lover did not utter before .. Romeo’s emotions are stronger than the love of Antara .. I love you with a word that has not yet been created .. I love you in letters that are not spoken by tongues .. in letters that have fallen out of all languages .. I love you in letters that do not write and do not read and do not speak .. I love you with a secret word waiting for those who discover it and decode it .. I love you with letters that travel through Breaths and fingertips ... I love you with words uttered by my shivers at our first meeting .... In the details of what you hate .. Search until you find what you love .. Then stop searching immediately so that you do not find what you hate in its details. . It is difficult to comprehend forgetfulness with the presence of those small magic boxes locked inside us .. those boxes that contain all our memories .. sweet and bitter .. old and modern..whatever seemed to us to forget them remain buried in our depths keeping the smallest details .. in the heart of that tight box closed .. What we do not have its keys in our hands .. Rather, its keys are flying around us everywhere without us feeling it ... The key may be a song that we hear by chance .. Opening the box of memories .. Do not take us to the past but bring the past with its details where we are .. The key may be fragrant besieging us In a place .. It reminds us of the people of the perfume and the time of their existence .. Our scents invade us, their voices surround us, and then soon m We found them coming before us, walking the shortest path from the different cities of the past to the capital of the present ... If the keys were in our hands, we did not have anything .. We keep the closed memory boxes inside us .. We open them whenever we want anything .. We bring from them what we want and we keep what we want to forget inside .. . How can we forget and the keys work on their own .. The boxes open whenever you want .. Extract from them by chance What you want from memories .. We watch and cannot control our emotions .. We long .. Weep .. We laugh .. We regret .. We do not have to change anything .. . Everything we think we forgot is settling in our depths ... in that box that once opened until all the laws of nature are changed .. the past is born in the present and resurrects the dead ... our bodies sweat in the cold of the winter ... and the shivering of the cold in the heat of summer ..
The summit of hysteria ... something similar to the Greek tragedies in the absence of logic and the absence of heroes
Location and calm. Calm and location. The price is very high, the cleanliness is very bad, the absence of a bidet in the bathroom, the lack of a quick response, I asked them to ride me a bidet in the bathroom and four calls by force. After six hours, they answered.
I think I made a mistake when I read it before I read that I loved you too much when I found readers here that it is a repetition of the latter, but in any case I liked writing that raised authority over what you write and what you want to communicate to us, but some events were somewhat worn out on the one hand The possibility of its occurrence or even the exaggerated reactions it entails, and I need to say how weak and naive you are, Juman, and how much you are a villain and a lame dear.
Mold I went on a family visit The place is very poor The service is terrible The reception staff with the hotel manager Do not know anything about customer service Eating is not valid for human use All swimming pools are not clean and non-human Filters do not work Most of the time The air conditioning in the rooms Every day I ask maintenance for him I do not recommend anyone to me Go to it
The novel is of a medium level, it does not rise to the level of its predecessors, Vertigo and the dust of diamonds, where it is predominantly concerned with the style and lack of interest in the content, and misses the suspicion of the message .. The writer presented a work that works as a scenario for a bourgeois film addressing the upper middle class, as it meant elegance in photography in a manner that exceeds what is required , By mentioning the types of drinks that the hero drank and the types of music he hears in a condescending way on the reader and carrying the novel what you cannot tolerate .. Caring for the image and its elegance puts the work in the field of the scenario more than the novel, the writer forgot that the cinema relies on visual dazzling to compensate for its inability to A complete transfer of the ideas of literary work, and he intended to provide the narration with pictures, colors and sounds in exchange for the absence of meaning .. The tiredness overcomes some parts of the novel to the point that the reader may be pushed to set it aside, unlike the dust of diamonds that were chasing events in it does not leave a breathtaking opportunity .. As the plot came The novel is weak, as the theme of black magic was neither saturated nor paved in the context of narratives largely dependent on realism, and it plays on the tone of absence from the mind through alcohol and hallucinogenic properties to break the real inertia, because black magic was in excess of what was required to solve the novel&#39;s knot .. There is a difference Between the open end and the end The incomprehensible ending leaves the field open to the reader for multiple possibilities. As for the end of the blue elephant, it leaves it incomprehensible and uninterested in understanding the end of the story. Was it related to the bottom that was prepared, or to the last love, or to the talismans that were dismantled or to another element that was absent from it? In the crowd of cinematic dazzling .. Ahmad Murad still maintains his style of writing and crafting sentences and expressions in a way that gives the reader most of the time an entertaining reading, and even if it does not rise to the level of literary gratification, it is proportional to the average price in which the novel is sold.
Why the level of services fell. Large area of the apartment and its proximity to Mall of the Emirates. Through my multiple visits to the hotel, putting the services in the descending of the room cleaning is bad and the problem with the air conditioning is the descending of water from the ventilation holes in the two apartments Bathrooms have different floors and hot water
Very weak. . Reception
It should not be named Marriott. I don&#39;t like anything. The hotel only bears the name of Marriott, is completely different from Marriott hotels in the rest of the world, and it never deserves five stars, and it is totally different from the rest of the Marriott hotels.
My shock to the novel so far is great, in which Tamer Ibrahim looks like a novice horror writer..the end of the novel in this way that confirms that there is a second resort that the writer did not mention puts you in great confusion whether the story has already ended or are there other parts to come, and if there is already another part Would your evaluation of the novel be a detriment to it and injustice between and injustice, so I will just list several notes to me that I made while reading the novel until it was confirmed that there was a second part..Tamer Ibrahim is definitely asserting that he is a student of Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq Al-Najeeb .. between the sides of the story and the manner of Tamer of events hint Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq here and there ... the beginning of the novel was really interesting, especially at me What unites with Bosph, the hero of the story, is an attempt to understand what that thing is, but he blamed the author for lengthening and digressing in recounting the historical facts .. I did not like the theme of the novel, especially that the dark periods are in history and that the absolute evil inside the human being is attributed to a mysterious thing .. for the whole of his concern to take With the lives of humans, to grow is an entity that at the same time is a vain, sadist playing with the hero a gambling game even though he simply admits that he would deceive for the sake of victory, the mystery of Sawsan&#39;s position, the killing of her sermon, the ambiguity of Dr. Leila&#39;s position ... the fear of Dr. Qadri and his burning of all documents that With him, the key ... all these incomplete data makes you confused about providing a true review of the novel ... A writer in recounting historical facts hastily swelled the book and filled its pages, which led to the necessity of searching for another part..and if it is strange that it does not repentance .. amputating events in this way and ending the pages on the end of Joseph that makes you scream automatically .. hey gentlemen we have been exposed to the monument here ,. The narration is cinematic, and therefore it was required by the speed of events and movement, which were corrupted by prolongation in narrating historical facts. One last word: When I found thanks, no Hamad Murad. In the beginning, I suffered from a horror narration full of movement as it is the novels of Ahmad Murad..but unfortunately, Dr. Tamer disappointed my hopes..Your opinion in that novel loses your usual touch ... for the first time I feel bored .. Waiting for the second part is only valid
I am still a protagonist of the novel. From his imaginations after taking the blue elephant tablet, a black dog, peafowl, blue mule and a degenerate language full of words turning the belly, and I once felt so disgusted, spit, vomited, blood of cockroaches, ants, dirty insults, rape, sex, strange terms, types of drugs, wines, and tobacco And complete it with the blue elephant I think this is not a novel and has nothing to do with the literature of the novel. This is my personal opinion, not criticism, because I don&#39;t know much criticism. I read this novel to pay tribute to my friends after it and after reading a lot of comments praising it in this goodridds during my reading of the novel I used to stop reading sometimes and open the goodreds to review some of the comments that praise them and of course I doubted myself that I do not know taste the literature reasonable all the owners of the comments Very respectable people are praising them and they are literary professionals in general. I follow their reviations and I like them very much, especially in some of the novels that I liked, but I do not like their revioves about this novel by feeling that I am ignorant and do not know anything and I do not know that this is the new type of Literature in general, even if it is a new type of th Politeness, i don&#39;t like it The most liked comment is a comment. It really works, not a reading novel. There are things I liked about the novel called The Blue Elephant. Character analysis and body language reading I also lived a few hours or minutes in the Abbasiya Hospital in West. Not so long ago I was reading from the dust of diamonds, but I did not complete it for the same reasons that I am not aware that it is a novel. In order not to darken this new type of literature, I will read the dust of diamonds. Thanks everyone also. Inside me I feel that the defect is not in me, but the fault is in those who praise it. In general, a language called the Blue Elephant Novel is the same degenerate language as the Utopia Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq Ideas is called great. Unfortunately, the language is unfortunate. Almost, I really know, huh, that is not the two days. She has the new fashion that is eaten with people. Generally, I did not waste my time for sure, I benefited from things and knew information, but I did not expect anything but suspense until the middle of the novel only, and then boredom appeared.
I never think I read the second part of it. His style, reading books style
disappointing. . In front of the hotel there are excavations difficult to reach the hotel
Really
High price, rooms and regular services. A very normal hotel. Unregulated entry and exit takes a long time despite our attendance at the mentioned date by mistake, the chosen room is not available, the price rises, services and rooms are very normal, partial views of the sea, the ground floor does not have any look except when opening the window and sitting outside only, which is the opposite of the mentioned
Weak. . Bed linen is not comfortable and the hotel staff have no respect for guests
Very weak. . The reservation was canceled without notifying me, all rooms were exchanged and I was given a more expensive room than the one I booked
Sharqawi Jay for Umrah. Honest Hadi and the reception staff like Halawi. Unfortunately, transportation is not satisfactory, room service is not so, and unpleasant odors in beds and bathrooms
. Unbelievably ,,,, able to complete it frankly:
Surprise that I met the author, a man, and able to describe feelings and cases of women in this way. But I never loved that every little bit is the best case for a character. Also in the case of a very naive case
Less than that it is a book
The hotel is not suitable for price, location, services and luxury. Furniture. : There is no elevator for services, which causes waiting more than a minute: The location is not the truth so that you can not reach the Dubai Mall in less than a minute walk and ten minutes by car; the road is not cleared to the hotel; The fare
I liked the idea, but the way to narrate and lengthen without justification I lose the book a lot
Weak. . The room does not have anything from the hotel&#39;s most wanted purpose
One of the worst things I read to Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq
Shakespeare. Ok
After I concluded, I asked myself what had I benefited and my answer was: There is no need:. For the sake of years and a story, it is possible to get rid of a page ... I do not know what the reasons could be abandoned in the sons of Adams with the banality of the hero and the heroine, but I want the luxury that they lived in. The people who sympathize with Jumana are frankly unjust because it is the reason for all that is in it that is not seeking the oppression of another human being who is astonished, that is, the sin of Ziad. All that I came up with is that the name of the novel was wrong. It is not love, and it is not loved, nor is it a person who loves, nor is there anything in this world that deserves all this pain. Love, in my opinion, two people love each other with the same strength and degree, but one loves one and he takes advantage of her love and tramples on her, and she is satisfied with this. I am sorry for my regret, and I am despicable about the novel, but I cannot help it. One-star style for high-end writing, but it is useful for any writing without an idea: /
Poor site is beautiful and the swimming pools are beautiful but the cleanliness of the rooms is very disgusting ... there is no cleaning and no sterilization and no exchange of sheets and .... the pools are beautiful but they are very dirty .... the food is varied but it is not delicious and little that is when the food ends In one of the dishes they do not fill it up again .... The staff were treated very ugly and their face always sulky .... The reception is very unhappy and bad .... There is a lot of stinginess in this hotel .... At night there are no lights in the hotel lobby ...... I will never return to this hotel .... for the price is good .....
Regardless of the book, which I want to ask one question, but ... where is the censorship? And from my nation the satirical literature is a remnant associated with porn and its lack of literature and dirty insinuations, and then, everyone, who is the one who sees the blood of the light, who works as a writer, and works as a book, and he reckons on me who is a writer and writer ...... Hero and his masquerade are a remnant and have mercy on us.
disappointing. . Work is unable to meet the needs of visitors and lacks credibility with direct booking
Sayyid Qutb, his style was better than this, and I do not have many needs, whether the story plot or some lengthening, and the style was not interesting.
Very weak. Close to the Dubai Mall only. The reception room was inconvenient, late arrival on request
It is a simplified book of political history and what happened since the Zionist occupation of Palestine. Its simple simplicity makes it the beginning of expansion
When my mother’s memory faltered ... her name is very bright and attracts to her reading… the idea of the novel is the story of realism by the son of an elderly woman, Taher bin Jalloun, describing the state of his mother in her old age after suffering dementia ... the novel made me bored, because I expected much better than that although Someone praises me for reading it only because it is a realistic story. I say that in order to not come to mind that the reason for my previous enthusiasm and my feedback ... I liked very little in it, such as comparing the situation of Arab women in old age with Western women, because of the nature of the situation in different origins ... monotonous novel I was very happy when it reached its last pages.
A sweet idea was misconstrued by amateur ... You do not know you are a writer on any basis ... It is supposed to differentiate between satirical literature and Hirtleh ... Even contemporary figures who tried to criticize it and say that it is the cause of superficiality, the writer is superior to them and the writing style is superficial and exaggerated In it ... I regret that I bought it
Initially, this is the worst thing I have ever read .. I will not be able to tell a story on it at all .. It is a very sweet need for it ... What is this shit? Oh shit. The one who has mercy on Naguib Mahfouz and Youssef El Sebaei, reads Al-Fatihah to Tawfiq Al-Hakim and Khairi Shalabi, and he sits a little to give as much as he gives ..
Sorry, my teacher, al-Sanousi, but your novel raised my pressure and reached the page and did not see the events of justice, and the description that does not save me is so provocative. But I am not perfect. A huge difference between him and the bamboo
disappointing. . Air condition sound
The book contains a number of dates, not limited to, I don&#39;t like the fact that the writer almost in most of the characters explains why he missed the character de in this arrangement or before he attacked aggressively and violently Hitler because of the millions who died because of him and Pope Urban who presented the idea of the Crusades I am talking about normal. The nation of Islam is free from it, other than the noble Messenger, may God bless him and grant him peace, and our master Omar Ibn Al-Khattab Shaif, from my humble point of view, has great Arab and Muslim greats on him who were more right than many personalities in this book
And in vain, I had the idea of leaving. Leaving away from this misery, ruin, ignorance and insight. The novel started and I got the feeling of vomiting. What is this obscenity? What does this drown in the lower circles of graves? . Is this really on the ground? On Arab land? I would like to deceive myself and answer no, but rather they are just events from the writer&#39;s imagination, but I know that it is a fact that I know that the bottom is almost screaming full. The problem of the repellent nation is not only the problem of the people of Morocco, not only the Arab countries, but rather the problem of all homelands that reject their youth as if they are insects that spread microbes and germs. The writer excelled in portraying this idea through the characters of his narration, so each story has this from Morocco, that from Spain, those from Turkey, and others from God’s land who are expelled in search of homelands. What does the writer understand about this erotic tendency that has dominated him since the beginning of the novel and his description of these heinous scenes of sodomy, obscenity, and anomalies, and what really takes on him is that he wore his heroes the religion of Islam, how are all these actions and their owners are Muslims? . I don&#39;t want to understand that this is a fact. And in vain after the end, and how much this exhaustion, I decided to refrain from the idea of leaving, so all places are equal, we will not need to leave as much as we need a point of light that shows us the true destination that we can leave without immoralizing light that brings us back to our instinct that God created us. To leave our homes. We all hear the call of the sea, the voice of the depths, the voices of distant countries, which are echoing in our depths. And the need to leave our home country. Because it is often lacking in revolution or unloving or not generous in order to keep us next to it. So let&#39;s leave. Let us sack the seas of the sea until the light shines out of a light that contains the soul of a being. Whether it is from here or anywhere else, and whether it is a righteous person or a lost person possessed by the energy of evil. We will follow this last light, no matter how faded and lost, and no matter how scarce it may be that the beauty of the world will dawn, that which will put an end to the world’s pain ..
Thank God for the blessing, but it was not acceptable to be honest, we left it and asked for a second restaurant
Weak. Close to the sanctuary. The place is very narrow and always crowded
Mmo Zain ... I finally had the opportunity to read this epic that I have always heard about ... tastes differed only to spend livelihoods. I read this statement at the end of my reading .... The expression that the teacher at the secondary level asks you to master in writing and adding heresy .... It is said that events have already taken place, I do not know what the text is credible but in it I have no reason to believe as many scenes of fainting, all what loved ones see, some of them were deceived, unjustified love also made me I wonder how a person can wander and fall in love See the justification for only the first gaze and this is an interactive Madjalni since the beginning of the novel and I cant ratification by no empathy with the characters ... Maybe the hair was transferred to the novel is unfortunate for me. Perhaps if I had read her poetry, she would have amazed me ... at the severity of her rhetoric. She did not touch my heart or place
He says in the introduction: This book is not intended for the lazy reader, nor for those who are addicted to receiving ready-made answers to the usual questions. It is, in the end, a book, which may not be presented or delayed. This introduction felt that Yusuf Zaidan would move a lot in my mind, and he would come up with something new and impressive and on questions that would make me put the book after every page to think for hours. I found nothing empty talk, stuffing, and more than the first half of the book went on a boring historical narrative that you might find in any other book. It seems to me that Zidane only wrote this introduction for his fear of what is inside the book, it gives the reader a signal that if you do not agree with what is inside the book Or admire him, you are lazy, and I think that this trick involved many people. Such introductions, which are also distinguished by Ali al-Wardi, if you are not with me in what I write, then you are against me, it is a problem because it may already become an argument for the writer if his idea changes in the future, instead of respecting opinions Other things that the writer must be a little. And the problem here in Arab theology has not seen anything real and a coherent idea a lot of stuffing and empty talk unfortunately ... strange that Azazel considered it one of my favorite novels
A staggering amount of contradiction at the beginning says that the cruelty and intolerance of his father was the cause of his hatred and his distance from Islam .. He elaborates by explaining the splendor of his two liberated sisters and his father&#39;s stiffness and that it was the cause of a subsequent psychological revolution, then after pages he says that the sharpness was due to an idea and a conviction, not feelings, He says that his mother is free-minded, independent and encourages thinking, but she died and was two years old, so how did he know? He says that his upbringing is purely religious while his sister used to take him to the church every day and make fun of the religion in front of him, so where is the supposed strictness of his father and his two daughters who are not Muslim at all, and where is pure religious education when he goes to the church and his sister is two Christians? The amount of vanity is terrifying too, the man was very smart and no doubt .. but there is no need for the amount of transcendence that exists, a person who has read for today and the rest of the philosophers and read the origin of the species before the age of fourteen I do not expect him to understand all of it, and a person who made his decision to be atheist by this age He does not have the right to speak about feelings of atheism that are devoid of feelings, even though there is no such thing ... Also Adham says something, I see him as a lie to the soul, that he is very happy and comfortable .. But he commits suicide after a short period of time, makes fun and says that he does not There is no evidence of the existence of God, citing the names of philosophers, and Immanuel Kant, who believes in the existence of God at all .. forgetting strong philosophical evidence of the occurrence The world, I don’t know Is this ignorance or disregard? And the amount of confiscations is required. The discussion is on bases not originally recognized. Is this man worthy of this aura around him? See, for example, what he says about himself: ... However, I find by chance a meaning other than this, a meaning found for the first time in the history of human thought in my book The Name of the Book. ... s . This is a mental illness, it is not scientifically acute .. And his talk about the cause and effect, which did not appear for the first time except by his words, said by Hume before him, and agreed to inform in a way, the truth is his thoughts about chance and randomness and the laws that apply to the world even before it happens is not something new Or my creativity as he thinks, and I see him only as a translator, like an example of a printing press that if the letters revolve in it then one of the courses must produce the entire Qur’an and the origin of the types and this article .. I read it somewhere with close proximity but I don’t remember where, and generally I don’t see Something worthy of responding even to his words about the negation of causation .. His words about the reasons why people are not convinced of his words, very funny.
As I said in the beginning, I did not find a link that binds me to it .. But I knew a lot about people like us who live in Jeddah between us, and some of them have studied with us and have been with them for many years without our knowledge of the suffering behind them. The only thing I loved was the end of the painful novel. I do not know if it was cruel and sadistic from me, but I found the misery of Samraweet and Omar very appropriate, as they did not convince me of their love from the beginning. Or, I did not feel that love through their conversations and the events between them. But I felt their parting well .. It was a good difference. Fit me. I come back and repeat to myself before someone else, perhaps it is cruel here and sadistic, perhaps
Weak. Sea view. The low level of furniture, hygiene and bad service, the lack of any tools in the kitchen and the washing machine are broken, and the price is excessive compared to the very weak level
If I open the page of the doctor that he does not write by himself on Facebook, I would find beautiful publications and clips of the doctor and burnable clips much better than this. Of all the book I collected about tweets worth publishing and the rest did not have much of a cause. In any case, every horse has a pestilence, and this seems to be the pestilence of the doctor. The fatal error in the book is the saying of Umar ibn Al-Khattab, may God be pleased with him, in the other. You will never know a man if you treat him in dirhams. The dinar and the more correct will never know a man unless you treat him in dirhams, and the dinar and the difference between the two stakeholders is vast. The book in a nutshell is useful for hours of boredom and power outages for entertainment
Very bad stay. The distance is far from the Haram and not according to what was mentioned on the site. Please provide the exact information. The place is not clean, the bathrooms are dirty, and after the place though, we found hotels close to the campus for a lower price
Weak. No. Acceptable
Very weak style. I regretted buying it ... What is remarkable about it is the high evaluation, and it is most likely that most of the commentators on the novel are close friends of the writer. I didn&#39;t find any discrimination, on the contrary. Advice to stay away from the routine and not affected by the cover
Very bad hotel. Nothing. The service is very poor, the adaptation is very bad, the food in the restaurant is not fresh
The place is beautiful and the hotel is beautiful but ??? . The place is beautiful and clean, the staff is excellent, and I thank the Palestinian public relations officer, who was a duke and good deal. I went to the cafe at the pool, there is a cafe that asked for a hookah and a light dinner. The price was fantastic, and the bill was handwritten, the head of the hookah, in dirhams, the cup of tea, in dirhams, and workers, swindlers and cheaters, but
It is not creative that a writer loses his shyness
disappointing. . Maintenance is very weak
In principle, the star of the cover is because I liked it. The novel is strange to come out of the pen of Ahmed Murad. The royal period that was dealt with by many novels to the degree of distortion and distortion made us in a flop. This period ... Murat would simply have retracted writing this narration by simply reading the car club narration by Alaa Al-Aswany ... I did not understand the temptation for the book to play this period and installing events on personalities and kneading history in this way .. The generations who read my book like these novels Including kat B, of course, he attended this period, and some of them surely extracted his information from the novel, such as this one. This thing is wasted worldly salvation ... The end I liked, because it is very, very logical, where the world is where Egypt prevails, where injustice prevails and oppression is its luxury..the advice, perhaps my words transgress the emptiness, do not read the novel and you are depressed
The hotel is absolutely bad. . The hotel is totally unclean, the roofs of the bathrooms are dirty and the bed has adaptive bugs and sounds
The book of the book
Bad and not worth the paid amount. . Water Cycle . Voices and inconvenience ... The price is exaggerated and everyone is calculated at a price
If it was something less than a star, I would have put it down. I tried to inform her of any dispatch, or know what the purpose of the novel is, frankly, so no time is wasted
The book is a waste of time .. A book is boring and boring and does not pertain to reality.
Because I repeat housing in it. Breakfast positions. Poking site did not tell us the type of the tower when booking, where there are two campus towers, which is the most luxurious and the city tower, which is the lowest level. I was surprised that we are in the city tower. The most important thing for those who wish to live is to make sure that they are in the Haram Tower and not the City Tower. Entering the hotel parking spaces is difficult because the itinerant seller
The novel deserves a lot and deserves a hard reading. Smooth style reflects a deep feeling. The level of language and words is extremely strong and dazzling. The novel is a cocktail of feelings made up of love, affection, tolerance, separation, and the opposite, and between a scene and a scene that springs hope. Sayyid Qutb, who crammed into my head, that he was the first sponsor of a generation of stray, dark ideas. I was raised on flags that harmed hatred against Sayyid Qutb, but Mansi Qandil, in his novel, Qamar Ali Samarkand, prompted me to follow him after he celebrated it and stood in his line. My mental ability did not accommodate a book of landmarks on the road, and a book about why I was executed was a statement about the investigations of the prosecution published in a book that I wanted to know from him who was the master of Qutb, so I discovered it in that novel. Impressive
I liked the ideas and particles within this book such as evolution, spirit, and a return to faith after noticing the cosmic order and the Sufi view, but I can only point to some superficiality in dealing with some ideas. Add to that the method of presenting the dialogue with the atheist friend, so showing atheists in this stupid picture will not return them to faith nor will it bring closer the points of view, I am sure that the atheist will present much more arguments if he wanted to discuss at all, and the dialogue will be much longer than this .. I can understand An attempt by Dr. Mustafa, may God have mercy on him, and I appreciate his effort, but in my opinion, if the issue was raised with a philosophical framework, you would be more beautiful, especially since there are questions that are more beautiful and much more important than the ones presented here. In general, he thanks the doctor for his human endeavor and putting forward beautiful ideas.
Weak. . The elevator is very crowded
The worst hotel I&#39;ve ever seen. . Waiting for two hours, the room is not ready ,, very poor treatment ,,, not answering the call
About Hepta’s novel by author Mohammed Sadiq ... The truth is, I bought the novel because I found it famous, strong at the youth level, not more and more selling, so I said the best of God. As for making it better, let us prepare for a hearty meal that remains ... but the truth is I was shocked from the first lines of the novel and I didn’t have any reason Logical allows her to take all this fame ... They said a romantic novel. Ok, let us explain each word of the sentence. .. I’m not a chaotic novel. I mean, a story that means a story .. .. neither in a literary style nor a literary language for the writer nor a plot nor anything .. and a dull style of description is stubborn in expression .. .. even the dramatic construction of the characters in the novel was very fragile so the characters appeared As if they are caricature characters, even when the writer loves us, we are surprising, in the end, I will not tell her, of course, because he who is not a reciter has never interceded for the superficiality of the people mentioned in the novel, as if they were marionette brides, the writer would move them to tell his story .. How do I sympathize, unite, or hate even a character that is made of cardboard. .. for example, and not limited to, the personality of the little child, the jet, is very naive and very frustrated, because I did not say that there is no love in age, not because of the implementation of this paper, a strong superficial appearance .. I thought about her hour, Souad Hosni, in a small film on love, as she raised her voice and worked Plexuses to convince them that they are young, but we see a large female with a voice that sounds like he is young ... exactly what appears on the child&#39;s character in the novel. A character a long time and he is trying to convince us that he is desperate and that he went through very terrible conditions, but we do not know what the conditions are other than the other so we lost this sympathy with him the length of the novel because he did not understand what is the pain that he talks about and when we discovered at the end of the novel the story was the time of sympathy so first .. Secondly, he did not see any logical need that would make him die from terror, because his girlfriend, when he knew the truth, would give him away. Neji remained for the logic in the novel a lot, for example, the subject of rape visions that are not logical because he originally had to work like this was her fiancé and then after what he had done this threatened her family that if he was married to her parents he would expose it to medicine why originally the lap de what is originally her fiancé does not need them threatening them need he wants to be raped so I got complicated and forced her family’s house to be in a thousand other convincing ideas. More ... For example brother B .. He stayed in the hospital this month. I don’t like each other. I’ll try to believe this, but Sarah and Abdul Hamid are the patients with him, they also stay with him all the time. These are the people. This is not a relief .. This is a medical hotel. It is not a hospital:. Personality C is not able to understand it at first sight and knows about it the needs of someone who does not know it again .. I will try to believe this on the basis that love does miracles until I will try to believe that it is estimated that she tried to commit suicide before that .. But he arrived so much that he knows that she smokes in secret Cigarettes of Moro and mint also ... This remains a mourning that remains: ... .. Negi stayed for romance ... where is the romance .. Someone tells me where is the romance and I answer along ... .. I found superficial teenage relationships that are a sense of my time not Necessarily prefer and continue, and teenage fantasies, no need touch me. There are novels and flowers in which there are romantic stories that are stronger than this .. .. In short, the novel tries to draw a map of love relationships and provides advice for the continuity of the emotional relationship beyond acceptance and permissibility .. This can be the logical reason for the spread of the novel among young people .. But the implementation of ideas in the form of literature The plaster of the wording and plot is superficial and shocking. When the novel was concluded, the millennia thought of fair faith in front of it: and when the fish opened the ring discussion. But, praise be to God, I came out of the novel with a useful need, which is that Hepta is number seven for the Greeks:
I almost didn&#39;t understand anything, but I made sure that I didn&#39;t read the novels
Either the book is deeper than my simplicity, or it is one of the early books of the doctor ...
An exaggerated novel. . I just liked some sentences. Most of those who think that they are living a love story, they are actually living the illusion of love .. His greatest achievement was not what these gains were attained, but in the way he took to reach it .. .. that I have time does not mean that I have the patience .. .. you need rehabilitation Myself to adapt to this world, because the world, my dear, will not make the effort to adapt to you. When we reach the end, there will be nothing left to say. His dreams rarely let him down because he thinks that everything one dreams is doable, and where your dreams reach, your feet can reach .. what may seem to you is a loss, it may be precisely the thing that will later become responsible for completing the greatest achievements of your life .. and that happiness is to be busy Only someone who does not notice that you are unhappy .. The most beautiful moment in love is before admitting it. There are losses so great that there is no loss after which they deserve sadness .. She did not forget anything, she made a truce with memory not more, but between the ebb and flow of the memories were the same as the waves .. Regret is the second mistake we make. Inevitably, there is a wisdom in expediting the closing of the eyes of the dead, if their heart stops beating, so they must not see what will happen after their death, and they die more than once .. Money does not bring happiness but it allows us to live our unhappiness with luxury .. We wanted a homeland to die for and became We have a homeland and we die on his hand. :
Strong resource deficit. Relying on one source that weakens the novel and the book is based on narrations, connections and dates, more effort could be made in the research. But the book is pretty good and a very good key to think
Very weak. . The carelessness of the customer, their elevator does not work, and they also place the inmate in the employees&#39; residence rooms on the sixth or seventh floor. Unfortunately, I do not want to leave the hotel and stay in the Jeddah path.
Terrible, the worst hotel in Mecca so far. .. the room is noisy and unclean there is too much noise to feel like you are sleeping in the street in the full sense of the floor the hotel is located on a main and busy road. The manager promised to change my room from the first day but every day he had excuses. The Internet was very deceptive and very slow as their website says that the Internet costs you SAR per day while he was asking me to pay riyals per hour and there are no telephone calls in the room and the staff are not friendly and no one of the reception staff spoke English..the furniture is old and there is no A small fridge or coffee maker as they promised us .. I could not even classify it as a two-star hotel .. My reservation included free breakfast but I was forced to eat my breakfast instead of siphon which also did not rise to the level of a star hotel. Never happened and they refilled food in my breakfast..their round-trip transportation service was at strange times only two or three a day and not at prayer times as they promised us when booking..and it is not easy to walk in excess heat for ten minutes a day to perform The five prayers on the campus.
Kharbouti Book. One of the first books I read in my adolescent about personality analysis. The book does not interest me in terms of form, presentation, presentation, style, scientific material, ideas, and after its application in reality and many other things
Frankly, Tawfiq Al-Hakim was disappointed in my first novel, which I read to him .. First, one who plays with and works with him, and is a fellow and a worker in which we are a monk of thought .. And frankly, there is no shallowness in it because the monk of thought is shallow .. who is I want to tell him my love
Own commercial and cheap kitten for teenage cat but if you have a couple or you have guests or your mood / your taste is high do not let your age.
Mumtaz. the whole. لاشئ
Very weak. I don&#39;t like anything. Bad service, cleanliness of the room and bad buffet
Weak. . There is no internet, and rooms are not provided with swimming towels except when requested
disappointing. . Room service is very very very weak. I would not be surprised to stay at this hotel again
Frankly, I wish I had read the original book written by Ali Izzat and not the summary, because the notes of Ali Izzat Bykovic are much more beautiful and disregarded in this book many aspects of Ali Izzat&#39;s leadership and his fairness and how much he benefited and invested in his prison and how much injustice and neglected the book great strides from the revival of the state of Bosnia and Herzegovina in During his reign, the book is very brief and simplified in addition to the necessity and did not give Ali Ezzat his right and his father many of the stages of his life and the articulated events in it, and he lacks lack of coherence sometimes and felt bored at times while reading it, he is in general not talking about the entire life of Ali Ezzat but rather excerpts and cannot be calculated from biographical books Start ..
I wish I gave the novel more than two stars. First the style and language are adorable. Secondly, the narration was very entertaining, and I did not get bored. The biggest problem for me was the weakness of Jumana, which became like a swab. The association of a very sad person like Aziz who enjoys torturing the other side and is devoted to killing her dignity and insulting her feelings. And a masochistic personality like Jumana enjoys receiving torment, for they are one of them: that torment is the pinnacle of love and romance, leaving her dignity humiliated and condescending, then abdicating until she is at the bottom and in front of her all the options, but she chooses humiliation whenever she tries to raise her head. Who can convince girls that love cedes dignity and humanity in this way? But the style of the writer remains very cool and there is no dispute
The method illustrates the writer’s proficiency as a writer and psychoanalyst .. But the whole book is an incomplete pleasure that has not and will not be completed… a method that paints a painting of a situation regardless of how a known style can be completed and can be used and used brilliantly ... The problem here lies in setting details that have nothing to do with clarifying the image and current events ... and paving the way for future events that make you wait for the rest of the sentence to find that the story is over. One story that caught my attention .. which talks about the habit and the coldness in relationships and unfortunately forgot its name ... the possibility of an interrupted time
I dived but no colorful fish stayed for days, only a few rooms were occupied. Upon arrival late, a meal was missed and the bar was closed. They opened the bar so we each drank two glasses of drink and brought the food to the room. The room is big enough, refrigerator with water, bed fixed but OK, TV, cracked and spotted bathroom shower, what is kept clean and air conditioner working. The food is very poor, no variety, the food is cold and tasteless, the tables do not have fabrics and the drink service is slow. Pay pizza nearby or on the beach. The pool looked unclean or the filters were changed / cleaned, the bathroom shower is dirty. The pool bar only works occasionally. Beach towels and beds are quite a fine sandy beach and a slope for children with some fish, a drink bar, water sports and excursions, good massage. The beach location across the road from the hotel is within walking distance to the old town. The only real positive point. Hotel facilities, internet not working, no air conditioner in main bar, disco / games pool consuming. There are no entertainment or animations. There are bugs in the rooms. The water pressure is poor and brown water in the bathroom. Everything ends in the evening. But the drink is good. The small swimming pool. The gardens are well preserved. Some staff members are very helpful but not all of them. There are bugs in hot countries but we caught two cockroaches in the room during the vacation. It is neither elegant nor old fashioned, antique and no longer useful. A new wing under construction is expected to open in years. This hotel is not recommended for any British, I stayed in much better stars hotels in Sharm El Sheikh. Tip: Visit Soho Square at one of the nights. Ice Pub. Ice Skating. Duty free. Delicious food. Musical fountain. Shows boutiques and bars.
I read two out of four, I think, that is, about half, and then I was satisfied with taking a look at the last pages .. The novel is not that beautiful that it was described by its fans and not that bad that seemed to me from its haters at least in the part that I saw .. And I have to admit The negative amount that has been said about it made me stop reading the rest of my intention. If I complete reading the missing part one day, I will appreciate my evaluation
A little information, a lot of hobby
The hotel is very unsuccessful. . They would say: We have not booked, and the bus stops us in the text of the road to the campus, and we complete it with a taxi. What will you do? Do not write transportation to the campus, and you do not complete your favor.
I used to hear about the book Kteier ... The first thing I read was a lot of fun. After that, I heard the growth and felt the words and phrases frequently. Honestly, I am more than a romantic cutter. Hada changed the tone of humiliation in his love for her, for example, asking her to repent and forgive instead of asking her from God Almighty. Surprised by the large number of evocations from the book, in many sites. . The first review I write colloquially speaking words of frankly
disappointing. Wi-Fi. The doors are shabby and the bed is small
A poor standard hotel. . There are no car parks only for a large hotel. Door key cards do not work for the first time. We have to return to reception twice and three times
The hotel is very bad. Wi-Fi is excellent only. Breakfast is very poor, service is very slow
I only liked it, the last chapter of the message. Believe me, my beloved, all the eastern men are gathered in their depths, one attribute, no matter how they pretended to be urbanization and urbanization. Inside them, Si El Sayed is wrapped in the Naguib Mahfouz trilogy. Only on her present, but from the moment she emerges from her mother&#39;s womb and until the moment she dies, abnormal logic, isn&#39;t it? He is the eastern man, my beloved, who insists that it be the only number.
Not a good experience. Location. Price with service
Frankly, the ideas faded after I read the novel ... First of all, I will not deny the talent of the young writer Ahmed Murad, but it clearly shows that he was influenced by the Western intellectual conquest of Dr. Yahya&#39;s life from wine and women and .... As if we are watching a Western movie, no events occur in an eastern society An Egyptian .... I also noticed the writer&#39;s excessive use of inappropriate words and suggestions at all ... I don&#39;t know what the reason is, is it an attempt to make events more realistic or is it a product that contains the pot and empty it on paper ... In the end, I was evaluated by only two stars and completely convinced. When I got to the end, I felt that I was reading a reference for the names and types of wines and medicines.
In collections that are more beautiful than this one, this is somewhat boring and repetitive, and it speaks in a very narrow framework. My evaluation is two stars. The first star to draw Rakan Dabdoub who flew the book and the other star of certain lines, I liked the following:. . I love you ... but I am afraid of getting involved in you. I fear autism in you ,. I fear reincarnation in you. . Between autumn and winter. There is a chapter that I call the crying chapter. Being self closer than ever before to heaven ..
The establishment is the first and last. The food is very good and delicious, the Malaysian chef is I think good and service. Narrowness of the rooms. Poor level of hygiene. Old and worn out furniture. Small plane insects in abundance, especially in the bathroom. Lack of slippers, irons and toiletries. The room is empty of all and any equipment except soap, hands, showers, shampoo, ... With poor quality and level, ruin of some bulbs. The presence of mold on the face wash basin and worn out bathroom in general, and his foot for a centimeter-long man must in order to take a shower with his head in order to fade to the low level of the sprinkler. The shower is completely uncomfortable and the mattress feet are treated with additional cover. Quilt is cut. And allocating rooms is not good for them maybe not The hotel’s profit margin is reduced by reservation through a medium, and there is no factor to carry luggage except for groups.
Normal contrary to expectations. Some of the reception staff interacted, especially someone called Jesus. Cleanliness
disappointing. . View side and required to be notified before checking into the hotel
Very boring
It is better to hear in Maadi than to see it. The location is ok, but there are many hotels and apartments that share this feature. And in the hotel is a grocery store, a café .. I booked a studio apartment B, so when I came and paid the amount, they gave us a one-room apartment B, and when I saw her I was surprised, so I asked to give me the difference, so they refused, and they gave us half an hour when we were tired, and then they took us. We asked for an extra mattress, so they brought it in a very filthy place, which I would not recommend. It is not worth it to be placed in a booking.
Very weak. . The room was dirty and full of insects and leftovers next to the sofas, pillows and bed sheets. There were insects, which made our experience very bad. I would not recommend it if they did not
disappointing. . The rooms are full of dust
The hotel is inferior to the location in which it is .. Really a bad hotel. . The value is very high compared to the hotels near him, which I discovered are much better.The furniture is old and the room is narrow and bad in coordinating the furniture where the TV was installed in the corridor and not in the bedroom .. ?? Bad bad bad He discovers that he paid his money for very poor housing
Very novel, exaggerated amounts of narration of events, the scene of revenge is naive and exaggerated at the same time other than that
We understand
disappointing. . The furniture is not clean and I did not have a microwave
Al-Fiqd is never suitable for families. . The service is bad, smells bad, annoying, and the voices arrive from the drainage bars. The sewage is idle. The rooms are very narrow. The window cannot be opened to ventilate the room. Wi-Fi is interrupted.
Very weak and brief. It has no sources. Although there is some good information on the subject
Weak. Apartment furniture. room service
disappointing. Food. Furniture hygiene
The Greek poet says: We defeated them not when we invaded them, but when we forgot their history and civilization ... .... I had watched Dr. Waseem on the television screen by chance in one of the programs, and I was drawn with the man&#39;s talk for more than an hour ,, and because I do not watch TV, I was very happy when I knew that he had a book ,, The title of the book itself is interesting, Egypt that we do not know ,, I got the book and I wish myself a fun and useful time ,, but unfortunately ,, what Dr. Wassim had was only what I saw in The television program ,,, not new ,,, even that the topics of the book came repetitively boring ,, very boring ,, very boring ,, book disappointed.
The target is awesome but the thrill element is missed. Important advice set in boring style
Bad in every sense of the word ... the narration style by repeating it and prolonging it is not necessary, and choosing the words that I felt with disgust from the novel from its beginning ... I think that the idea could have reached a million styles better than this, at least respect the reader ..
tiring . I did not like anything. I did not receive rooms except at: pm
I may not like that. Bilal Liyeh wrote better than Da Baktir
Bad treatment. nothing. My reservation looked at the sanctuary and a double bed. They said two single beds. I refused. I said, my father is double. They gave me a room in the house, the dogs did not live, and he looked at the building. I checked with the alternate director, Mohammed Al-Maliki, and he refused. He said this to us. the hotel
The novel is bold, with rudeness, like no other. First, the name of the novel was supposed to give a brief description of the one who will read it, it talks about one subject, another tainted. It is supposed to be classified as the only future marriage. A lot of it is concentrated because you will flip over a lot of pages
Quite a good booklet .. I quoted some of the wonderful verses from him. I wish more than the verses and type in it and put an explanation for some vague words
Unfortunately, the novel is not what I thought it is very weak and its style is not interesting and missing many things, although it has some quotes and phrases are beautiful I stopped with, but in general it is not good.
Gentle, gentle, cute, reasonable, sweet
I felt depression and suffocation, and I read it, but I did not understand most of it. Maybe the problem is not in the book. Abstained easy not pleasant:
One of the most wonderful books I read about the comprehensive life of the Companions. You find companions in every aspect ,, I recommend reading it
Hotel name more than an act. . The means of transportation was not mentioned
Very weak. nothing. Losing money
To those who influence the principle on the person and revelation on history. ..... A book that did not tell Nahami the knowledge and its title was not successful at all. It was meant to be called. Methodology or method of studying political differences between the Companions. Where the writer established how to discuss and deal with major Islamic temptations, not with the details of those differences and their parts, as he touched on Ibn Taymiyyah and Ibn Al-Arabi in their study and analysis of political differences. This big .. ..... some of what was mentioned in this systematic study:. Our ailing historical culture has produced strange paradoxes in its manifestations as victims of tyranny. In the Islamic world today they are the strongest ideologically defending him and the most moral justification for him ... and they do not feel. ......... On the authority of Abd Kheir, he said: Ali, may God be pleased with him, was asked about the people of the camel, and he said: Our brothers have offended us, so we fought them, and they have fulfilled them. ...... That the generation of the Companions was nothing but a human society in which the oppressor of himself and the economist and the former with good things, God willing, and the people of goodness did not prevail over the people of that generation justified enough to generalize and divorce and give the character of sacredness to every individual in it which contradicts the facts of Sharia before the facts of history .. ....... read from.
I dealt with the book as a journalistic article, and not as a novel, because if I dealt with it as a novel, I will talk about many notes on the level of art and content ... I noticed that there is an influential confusion in the evaluation, and some of them did not evaluate because the incident is ugly, not evaluation, and here is an emotional and humiliating intervention
Weak. calm. Disturbed by the reception staff communication and door knocking of sanitation workers. Always ask for anything.
If we mix cards from the events of five cities of salt with something from a hero when the man thinks, and some of the heroine of a man who writes the sun and a lot of her readings and facts from the Gulf War ... He brought up his fictional experience, very much.
Bad accommodation with what the word means. Some privacy is spacious and clean. Lack of tissue paper, high cold despite turning off the conditioner, lack of soap, lack of carpets in the hall, lack of sufficient towels
Without empty words
There is no parking and the rooms smell stinky. I didn&#39;t like the apartments. The Egyptian receptionists are wary of them
As a preliminary experience for the writer ... God willing, the best gay
Weak. Arrange the hotel. The pool is closed and the internet is full of fluscan
Very weak. . Price change
Unfortunately the hotel is located next to the factories. . Service and delay in carrying bags and leaking bathroom
Very weak. . First, there is no place to park the car, and this is a very difficult thing, and the standard of room addition is not good
disappointing. The bed was uncomfortable and the rooms were not clean as well as the inconvenience and failure to welcome guests. Car parking is virtually non-existent and the car park needs a professional driver
The novel did not attract me as its limit .. The style of Akasha despite his old beauty .. Perhaps if I had read the novel two or three years ago, I would have appreciated it more. Okasha excelled in TV drama, no doubt, but he did not achieve the same degree of craftsmanship in presenting a novel with a personality .. A novel when you read it says: This is Osama Anwar Okasha
Short, traumatic, short, short story that flaws the merging of poems in the middle of it, and it is a short, original, untold story that contains many gaps, but it is the first experience of the writer that is in its entirety good
I don’t know it. The novel is not the pleasure I imagined
Weak. . My delay by you about receiving the room for a long time. The room is totally unclean because of the smell in the bathroom, the lack of cleanliness of the room and the smell of it.
very boring. I did not like the style of the narration, as events go very slowly and do not contain almost any stimulation. I read the alchemist and expected a job of such magnitude, but I was very disappointed. I never expected it from a writer like Paulo Coelho
I was sure that this book would be a waste of my time. My wonder, how can a book like this come to the tenth edition, and how spelling errors are still going on with the editions. Glad that I did not buy the book, because the book that I read was a suggestion and gift from a friend of my girlfriend who is also loaned to me ... ... First of all, I will talk about the course of the novel so it is preferable for those who have not read it after going beyond my words ...: the idea ... the novel Almost wonderful and unprecedented, the writer succeeded with his idea and the cover of his novel, and even the name of the book attracted the attention of the reader and I will not deny that the name remained in my mind, until the day I read the book. Although I did not buy it and not because of my misfortune in the book of the homeland, but because I went through many disappointments that made me fear of the new book ... But I have given myself that this book will be different and despite the frustration that I faced in the beginning when I saw the events from our eyes Hattan, I was anxious to reach the part that I will see events from the view of the dumb girl, and not only in the context of love and romances ... but, unfortunately, she was confined only to the extent of her misery to ignore her fate. How beautiful the novel would be if she was talking about her experience and her life in our society in addition to love, which would be an unprecedented precedent from a Saudi writer. Second: irrational. Yes, the novel is funny and illogical at all, I did not understand how the narrator thinks. Is his memory partial and he forgets many of the events that have become contradictory to previous or later events? For example: He mentioned that the mother is a university graduate, so why did not use this certificate in order to help the family to overcome the problems after the death of the father, or at least clarify attempts to contribute to the stability of the family. Where is her sacrifice and her role in the family until the son completes her master&#39;s degree and these two years&#39; researches? It would have been better if he talked about his sisters or mother in facing the circumstances in the wasted pages describing love and its consequences. This should make the events more coherent and closer to reality and a link to the reader. Also, when he sacrificed his love for and obedience to his mother, which was definitely the product of his fear of disobedience and the wrath of the Lord. But to travel with Diyala and those like Diyala is OK and sick. Not to mention that this Diala was as close to a prostitute as a cardiologist. Circumstance is unacceptable to the mind. This in itself is a joke ... In all honesty: the novel was dramatic, exaggerated and ill. Boring for the length of the description and talk about events fed up with their recurrence. There were beautiful similes, but the process and exaggeration killed this beauty. I give the book a star only, to attract the cover and its success in grabbing my attention and otherwise it is not worth it. ..
No more than one star .. The novel here applies to it a saying:. Many books do not require much thought from those who read them, because they simply did not cost their writer. L charleskolton. It is my habit to give the first work an additional star in the evaluation for encouragement only. But I was surprised when I read that the version that I bring from the novel carries on the cover the fifth edition and I do not know whether it was a joke or a fact or just a new kind of propaganda.
A long book collecting beautiful things. But his fatal flaw is that his writer forgave him for him in which he collected a gift and a bear and did not take into account the authentic hadiths from its weak. He did not take into account some of the narratives and their health, and he carried them with health which is weak. I do not recommend reading it
The truth is that the production of Mustafa Mahmoud literary is not comparable to his scientific creativity .... I did not like and did not see the foundations of the novel
He talks about the story of Yusuf that did not bring anything new
And the highest blessing, uncle, are you joking ... come on, my aunt Safia and the monastery or the sunset oasis?
Diamond dust and Vertigo are better and more realistic than the novel whose end is meaningless
Firstly the electronic version is poor in translation and style is very very very boring. Secondly, he says that he did interviews with the incest dictators, and they let them talk about their crimes, but in fact, he used to say his opinion more than they did. They talk about any need, and what is for me, I personally, is not a reliable source of it. Benefit from it and no need
Many feelings. I got mad at your money, and I sympathized with it and liked it. Mary, I used to throw it close to my need. Poplar pretty character Ui. It contains grammatical and grammatical errors that want very much modification
disappointing. Close to the Mall of the Emirates only. The apartment was never clean, it is full of cockroaches, flies, toilets are very bad and rugs are dirty in the sense of the word.
disappointing. The location is very excellent and the view on the Kaaba is great regarding the rooms overlooking. Cleanliness is low, the furniture is old, the bathrooms are bad, everything is good, its location is excellent, because the hotel level is less than five stars
Very very very fictional
The book says important ideas that could have been talked about on a page, for example .. Fillings are a lot
I loved you more than I should and loved me less than I deserved. Writing style is very good, especially the beginning. Jumana&#39;s personality provoked me and her concessions. And the end is expected
My last era with Ihsan Abdul Quddus was in my teenage years .. I was very influenced by him like the girls of my generation, and I was worried about re-reading to him now because of what I reached after reading the novel de. ... The novel is based on stories and stories that were contemporary in this era. The era of openness. Stories and stories relying on them to construct any novel could have made a true literary masterpiece. But the amount of shallowness and shallowness in the novel shocked me a shameful shock in a period of my life as it was, I was very touched and admired what Ihsan Abd Al-Quddus writes and I imagined how much superficial and shallow I was in this period. The period in which our self is our preoccupation and closed to it .. concerned with its concerns and diseases, and amazed by any work that breaks into the discussion of our precious treasure. Our ego. Regardless of the extent of his seriousness, his quality, his art, his realism. As long as he discusses our concerns and mental illnesses and sells the formulation of what we discovered in ourselves from concerns and diseases in a literary way, it is remarkable. . I was really hoping that during this period of my life, I would be able to direct me to more important and useful readings, besides those of my readings, by Najib Mahfouz and Ihsan Abdul Quddus and their likes.
My problem with this novel is not a doctrinal problem at all like many who cursing this novel day and night without reading from it one letter, but my problem with it is basically a technical problem, I felt that its symbolic construction is very naive and clear like the sun, and the idea of reformulating the stories of the prophets Contemporary, it was not successful at all, what was left for him to tell the readers directly: O group, I am telling the stories of prophets again, but differently .. The second problem is my feeling that the message of the novel itself carries a degree of confusion, especially When referring to what can be referred to as symbolizing knowledge in a chapter better than the novel.
Terrible hotel very very very much. Absolutely nothing. The bathroom is very, very small, you cannot move under the shower unless you open the sprayed door. The bathroom is very, very hot, as if it comes down from a heater and the workers explain that this is because of the heat of the sun and the air conditioning. Too small, there are only six car parks in front of the hotel, and I had to park a car five hundred meters away
I was afraid of a handler, and I did not complete it. I read it, but I don&#39;t like darkness and I don&#39;t like fear. I never missed things on my head that made me afraid. Do this, let it be so strange that I love this type and read it
I smile whenever I remember my reading of this booklet, Faisal revealed here are notes for his generation .. a beautiful message, if not that he drowns in symbolism many times. It has a lot of criticism and a lot of beauty as well. Light, fun reading:
The novel is very sweet in some needs. But mostly, you don&#39;t like it
Very weak. They did not receive me at the hotel on the pretext that there were no rooms. They did not receive me with a reservation left on the pretext that there were no rooms
Really, I do not like sincere .. Unfortunately, it is a very strong exaggeration and it extends to God Almighty and I felt that it is frankly ... I do not add any need to me and do not move any feelings of intent. Donna said that there are many words that are not true about Sufism and Sufis.
not good . The bed was very uncomfortable and the bathrooms were substandard. Substandard bathrooms and uncomfortable bed
The writer had fertile ground for impressive work but planted one tree and left us fans of it wondering why he didn&#39;t finish the garden. He could construct an integrated literary building, but he was content with two separate rooms and connected them with Qantara. But the achievement remains in the story that he is working on. In that idea he cultivated with the constant hope of the innocence of the young and that fate chooses its heroes in terms of which they do not know and against them. On that Dante comedy-like journey of the hero among the dead of the village, he may understand .. The characters were superficial and it is one of the opportunities that the writer has left while writing a novel with a mystical sense that left those human souls fleeing without diving. Many rich personalities such as Layla, Hisham, Naeem and Al-Khawaja were not satisfied with what was written about her and I was not convinced to give her her evil, cursed and holy attributes, so what was mentioned about her is not enough. And other characters who appeared without reason and went without a trace, such as Alia, the martyr of the palm, Yahya and Isabela .. There is a weight in the movement between the events of the novel and the reports of those events until you feel the bias of the writer and his voice is high in the work. Also, separating the work into two parts and linking them in the end did not benefit the work much, but it is perhaps the main factor for the superficiality of people as it was taken from the ground of each of them in favor of other personalities necessary to start a separate story .. I think that if the writer presented another work with the same theme in the future we will be in front A richer, more impressive and distinguished novel.
A boring book ... I forced myself to read it because of its interim importance. The writer takes the role of a private investigator and strives to stimulate the reader’s appetite to complete the book by cutting events .. If you arrived at the end of the event at the end of the book, you found that you lost the beginning of the event and did not know what the writer was talking about and you did not know where to search for the beginning of the event mainly .. The most beautiful thing in the book The Lord’s Flood The one that was revealed by Ahmed Abu Ghali as he interprets the Islamic religion as we know it, and not as we were plagued by his definition through the stream of political Islam .. Tharwat al-Kharbawi’s language is boring..and expensive .. unless you love to read a saint descending from the sky in a special investigator’s dress to warn you and your close clan of The bad guys who lived with them for a year. The book made me ask. What is the goal of the Temple Secret Book? Schwarzenegger Brothers. Your father can be buried, and then you discover that he is a brother. They are some. Do we have energy for them today? . Gentle
disappointing. Location. Misuse of workers
In need of renovation, a suitable location, helpful staff, the entrance is pleasant with its garden, but the hallways and our room are in very poor condition, in need of paint, serious carpets, a new toilet base ... etc. The room generally looks clean but it is not comfortable to stay in it as it is very shabby which is not visible from the pictures on the internet. Also, given that the hallways are in complete darkness and the presence of a litter box next to the bedroom was a particularly unpleasant issue. I am sure that it can get better value for money elsewhere.
It needs to be improved a lot. Only the ninth floor cleaner, whose name is Matin. The main receptionist is not familiar with the hotel specifications
The position is not free, the internet does not exist. The location and breakfast are excellent. The hotel is fine, but the operating company is weak and not suitable for luxury hotels. The bathroom is very, very, very tight. The parking fee is low, the workers are bad, and the lack of attention to hygiene
I read it to try to bored the boredom in the final third secondary exams period, but it made me bored. I seem to have forgotten her events. I heard someone at home talk about her with admiration, and I was eager to read it two years after that situation, but it seems that I am too much of what I hated. I remember if my memory did not betray me that there is a virtue around which the novel revolves. Frankly, I had a great day when it ended and I did not feel any sorrow because it was not completed. May God have mercy on its author, forgive and accept it from the martyrs
Accumulated in the kitchen
Two stars, no more. A star to laugh a little: And a cover star and comics inside the book
Syrian means the word. I snore. No, this is not the name of the Goblins. This is the name of my case. I demand the author of this novel, Three Villages, by Hassan al-Jundi, by Ibn Ishaq&#39;s manuscript. To know how to write about gin, orcs, their kingdoms, their history and their lost culture. The novel here is flawed. The large number of Al-Asami this is more than the one in the Russian literature, O Jada. The reader lost focus. The weakness of the plot in personalities in a moment against So and after, with seconds, with him in his class. Going out of the narrative line to spend a pardon in a story, what do I forget? I myself, before the page of countries, who were they to say to whom? When the stock of al-Asami al-يةAfriya finished with him ... he decided to make it easy for a sorcerer and his job was a priest sorcerer before he himself invented the science of fortune-telling. :. The need for overflowing with frankly means. King Abu Khurkhis da dies while Sumaya Abu al-Jin and the orcs are all like our father Adam. Mared da I refuse from a year, thinkers, but the last of them uses a talisman with whom he can graduate. No prophet. Slanderous words pass by like wind and useful words read slowly like turtle. Next book: Kafka on the Beach, Haruki Murakami
In my opinion, the writer committed a literary felony in his novel. When he dyed his character in all of her heroes .. With every conversation of any of her heroes, the hero wouldn&#39;t be speaking, but the writer. He talks, talks, and responds to himself as the only one hero in the novel from start to finish. Immersed in philosophy and his views on the human conscience, which he repeatedly repeats on the tongues of his heroes to the point of boredom ... I am surprised by Yahya Al-Jamal’s opinion when describing the story as the greatest literary he has ever read in his life ... a very weak novel that may not originally deserve the title of a novel in the midst of this philosophical intellectual filling The writer insists that we show it on occasion and without occasion. She deserves only one star, not for her, but for Yahya Al-Gamal:
I read the book in school in classes and regretted that the book was not up to the required level as I lost my time. Actually I can&#39;t call it a novel. The events are disassembled. But I liked some of the phrases mentioned in the story, and I think that keeping the tweets on Twitter is sufficient and cannot be converted into a novel.
An extremely unsuccessful novel, a very poor writing style, an attempt to cast porn and a description of everything, so that he would be a writer of Prince who stayed and broke tabs that remained. And he is a shatterer, other than his reputation as a novelist or writer
The book I have is the seventeenth edition of the cover, with an Egyptian enamel feather, the cover itself is fun. This book is light in content. I have come back to us or to people close to us. Laughing at you from the first page to the last page is not logical, I mean, and not, uh, but his style is an exaggeration of hours, but to make the reader laugh, no more. Daily routines
not satisfied . there is nothing. Hygiene, handling, and service provided
Chatt in his thinking Ooooooowooy. Not every need works in the mind. We did not walk until the end of the book
Very weak. nothing. The reception is very poor
It has a great amount of irony. And more creativity. But it has a noticeable amount of vulgarity
We hope to improve. . Cleanliness and level of service need improvement
Too much too much narration is unnecessary, this book contains unreadable words just like a textbook. I stopped reading.
A narrative style, as if I were a rule in the wig of girls, and alone told the story ... ... you write certain sentences and comment on them and they were heading us ... ... in a way no, Mama, this is a defect ... despite my agreement with the message that you are trying to reach, but The style provoked me. ... One star led them to death, but because they are a nice character and her blood is light ... ... I can say that the novel is suitable for girls at the age of, for example. I was surprised by the large turnout and highly praised by girls and young men beyond adolescence. ... the only benefit I got from it is that I avoid the novels to the audience, so I rush to her and praise her a lot ... because she usually takes me a lot ..
This is what I thought about doing after I finished a novel that I accidentally got involved in reading, so I talked to it on purpose .... And you are reading the book. Two questions will come to your mind. The first question is why do you waste your time reading such a novel and you know that it does not deserve Your time which you will become precious even if it is not, then come back and be patient to give her the right to the end so as not to oppress her? The second question is what will you do with the feeling of disgusting that makes you feel a strong desire to vomit due to most of the scenes that have been flooded with the pages of the novel? With my reading of the book’s title the first time, I was very attracted to it and expected that the content will be a reflection of the conditions that Syria is going through or a close account of the details of the Levant’s environment, but I was surprised by the content that it is just the bridges of a disjointed, dissolved, dispersed, lost family that I considered weight on this country, which they consider heavy On them, they throw all the burden on the prevailing system at that time until their malicious intentions are the ones making the system, until the mother attacks the villagers and disdains them for them in the making of the system. Those who do not notice her shouted Behold, his opinion emphasizes the repetition that makes you grumble with every page, suffocates you with death and its expressions that thwart you with every page it flips ... Some people may see that the problems presented in the novel already exist in our Arab homeland as a result of repression practiced in all respects and at all levels, other than It is inconceivable that all of them meet in one family in an oriental Arab society, in a country like Syria that only smells of beauty, and even if such families exist, this does not mean that the country will be relapsed and its actions be calculated on it and on its society, there may be an individual, or Two individuals, or even three individuals, but not everyone mentioned in the novel represents Syria by virtue of itself or the world B ,. Note:. This family is somewhat similar to the political delegations that represent us in that round table that is called the Arab League. They know that they are lying, dispersed, and dissolved, but they represent you.
Bad experience in a great place. . The service is very bad and even the suitcase holder did not come, either on the day of entering the hotel or on the day of departure
You do not expect to read it to the truth, but at night it happened. She is a cliché of the truth, she is better than some novels and books. Now, I mean, to a certain extent, I feel a little tired. The stories are so ridiculous or so, that I like to comment on the stages, how he presented his idea. So, you did not enter my life with disguise. Mabbish romance has never. Think of me as Mounir
I do not have the ability to ignore Naguib Mahfouz much, but we removed Naguib Mahfouz from the group and put any name, for example: Faisal Aidroos, when the anecdotal group had no meaning, but the truth of the story of Shahrazad is something special in the anecdotal composition of the group as a whole, a story that tells of a woman walking in Its permanence and its natural pace in the society of Mahfouz Al-Qusai, women are the cheapest game he has, in a world full of drunkenness and the owners of betrayal and immorality .. The strange thing is that he always insists that they have an issue .. Mahfouz began his ideal face gradually fading in my mind, and I do not know what I will write about it after that .. M: I bought his collection of stories from Dar Nahdat Misr at the Book Fair early in the year and it was an opportunity to fold It is for me to seize his groups that I do not have at a low price. Some of the novels and stories I bought in a small size to save some pounds, this means that I am Egypt that Mahfouz is a great writer but with a devil&#39;s heart .. Aha .. and it cannot be ignored either.
Gloria Hotel. Sleep just rest. The service is generally very poor and the rooms are poorly serviced.
There is no . No. Services
He was still waiting for the colonel, and the message he was waiting for did not come ... How to transform the authority that you were defending and believe in into an enemy of yours that will destroy you and your family and make you a defeatist person. This is what this story revolves around. Well, the novel is acceptable, but I expected that it would be better than that, two stars would suffice for it
A story series about crime .. I loved some stories
Bad . nothing. everything
I was very confused about the mark I put into this novel. I liked the sequence of events, the smooth intertwining of the characters, and I liked the author&#39;s knowledge of the Islamic trend and its failure in the early stereotyping, in which Westerners, as in the alchemist for example and their followers, fell in love. Also, I liked that the author made Yaqoubian architecture a microcosm of the Cairo community in the early nineties of The last century .. But I did not like its focus on bad moral aspects, perhaps more than the reality of society, and its dumping in describing and focusing on bestial desires for the slightest occasion. Some passages of the novel even join nude literature without a doubt. Even Ihsan Abdul-Quddus’s well-known focus on women and sex was his phrase .. I also did not like the author’s very cliched style, as if he was a journalist on TV. Where is it from the style of Naguib Mahfouz, for example, which indicates a stronger cultural and literary culture?
Wretched level and below the level I spent four nights of the worst holidays in my life A great location hotel, but unfortunately the manager of the front office in reception treated his guests disrespectfully and was characterized by nervousness and lack of taste and not solving any problem for the guest and also the level of food and drinks is never appropriate for a hotel classified as such and also the master The food and beverage manager is called Mr. Amjad, who is inexperienced and tasteless. Those in charge of managing the hotel are enough to ensure that the level falls to much more. My advice is not to go down in this hotel and the level of cleanliness in the rooms and bathrobes is zero.
Worst and dirtiest you can read the bad poker prize This novel has no place other than dirt. There is no narration, narrative plot, or story. Just a daily life involved in sexual vulgarity to the utmost degree, despite my attempt to jump in those paragraphs, but almost not without a paragraph that does not scratch modesty. An attempt by the writer with all his strength to distort a political faction does not satisfy him
Throughout my reading of the novel, I kept reminding myself of the time of writing it to continue reading it. Bad novel, nothing attracted me in her characters. The magazine is only for Mahmoud Darwish&#39;s poem
disappointing. bad.
I can&#39;t find a clear link between all of the paragraphs, that I sometimes understand the structure of the owner of feelings, or that I am. I associate them with a story, or I understand a little need, scattered feelings that I have kept secret .... As for there are some artificial feelings, or you have been artificial, they are angry. Such as: who will you be my beloved wife. The one who opened up remained mentally and my heroic work remained my hero that ruined disregard. Iwho disregard the minds of people read. I want to look for feelings and write, there is no basis in the written feelings, honesty. To reach the reader. However, I could not believe his opinion was an exaggeration that my mind could not bear. There are similarities between them and the stories of the brown in the style of the narration, but there I felt sincerely and here I felt a vulgarity ... or something of a refraction of amounts marred by mental illness ... I do not know. Perhaps you were unjust and these feelings have something of honesty, but I did not feel it ... Maybe I am not in that for those words, I do not know either. All I know is that, in any case, you did not like me .... or an old Arabic or Indian movie
The restaurant is for the one whose name was the lake and it is the best and the name is suitable and glory be to God for the one whose name changed its shape changed the sessions in the wild and sweet and needs a little attention as for the internal sessions I wish they cared more about it and the decoration and the renewal of the curtains in relation to eating the I live / seafood soup was very excellent I don&#39;t know why it changed and the taste of pepper only prevailed The kebbeh and stuffed cabbage, haaar, its supposed bitter are free of cold, meaning without pepper, or they are given options of yahar yabard, and I hope they serve it in a better Chinese than this dish, as if I were sitting in a Bengali restaurant on a Halhahi tray, but the best thing is that the bathroom is clean
Dirty his hotel. I did not like anything, bad smells, and bad staff. Cleanliness and staff
I heard a lot about this book but it disappointed me. I felt that there were a lot of problems with translation except that the exercises were incomplete. One star is enough for him and the second star has known us for some advice that benefited me, but it is not worth wasting all the time to get it
It is clear that the author was reading a lot of nights and nights. To describe the last battle, which is repeated in a thousand and one nights, in general, it is not null
One star for style only. The first time I regret buying a book ,,. So gloomy to the point of boredom, I hated the character of a lover hero, a trivial girl. I could not complete it and do not recommend it
Causality is a creator and creature. The Creator is subject to the laws of his creatures. Realizing abstract essences in conscience, not with reason. A first reason is not coincidence of the unity of methods. Unemployed Lord. His ability in his knowledge of absolute freedom. Freedom in the field of commissioning, inner feeling, moments of choice, heart and intention, mayor of rulings, contentment, divine will, fate and coercion. Freedom, the right to trial and error, good is the rule, and evil is the face of good hardship, and the soul is able to separate people and their character is better than God, evil from our souls. Every nation has a messenger for them with the religions of the Qur’an, an argument against the porcine soul. We are not a waste that we have comprehended with our minds is not a limited sin, a trait of fixed souls, criminal and fire. Rough signs and examples. Religion and costs are not opium. Watching the conscience. Spending and monopoly. We are not equal. Equity against equality. Equality of opportunities. Materialism, Judaism, spirituality, capitalism, communism. Religion and rigidity. Polygamy was restricted by permissibility of semi-disabling housewife, headscarf, forbidden to divorce, khula, beating, desertion, punishment for outrageous women, Islam, emancipation of slavery, demobilization of slaves, locking the door to slavery, and divestment. Man and the dual nature of the mind and conscience are aesthetic and moral sense of the soul and the body. The transfer of organs is an awareness of the passage of time. Conscience and social reasons Animal conscience and social acquisition reveal the rust of the soul Conscience is instinct and an established fact. Circumambulation Visiting the grave Symbolic monument Number seven and a strange question The stones do not worship the robe of Ihram and the symbol of impartiality brothers in Islam. The Qur’an and the ability of humans to compose was the illiteracy of the Qur’an and the concerns of the Messenger, the Qur’an and the reversal of the actions of Muhammad. Spherical Earth Mountains, clouds, sky, ceiling and reference, the expansion of the universe. The contradictions of rain and rain, what is in the wombs, the language of the animal, the wiping of the bad with your good inspiration, the pleasure of worship, the knowledge of the earthly environment, and the universe outside it, the knowledge of the soul and the Lord, created us to give us the difference between servitude to God and servitude to a creature we enter without time. Creation, imaging, leveling, and blowing are the beginning or multiple beginnings of the unity of the Creator, an independent beginning, upgrading and development, the most powerful struggle of survival, the most beautiful, random mutations, creativity, and judgments of a total mind, the chromosome map. Denying the deity about everything is the craves of the world, the observer, the constitution, the method of life of the witness, the witness, and the audience, present materialistic and idealistic philosophy. Experiments and coincidence of symbols. His excessive passion for his son is being slaughtered with miraculous acrobats and breaking the laws. Good conduct and behavior Religion and its requirements Knowing God Performing prayer and total reverence. Slavery of instincts and surrender to desires you are the losers
Staying over bad. Breakfast is for East Asian. Air conditioning asphalt asphalt
The narration is excellent and the writing style is very strong and accurate, but the content of the novel is hollow and fits less than a year
Turkish series ... but this. Of the needs that I regretted after I concluded .. Why did you complete it ?? I do not know
What I recommend it. Quiet room. Frankly, this hotel shocked me because of the fraud. I chose a room for four people and four beds.
disappointing. Staff generally treated well Mr. Ahmed Samir and Mr. Rashid Pakistan in the reception. The location is very, very bad, deceived. The classification of apartments is stars, the Mövenpick logo is not good enough, shopping for relatives, you need a car with you and without a car, you will face extreme difficulty. Repeatedly, I did not take up residence, my reservations were days, and I requested to cancel my reservation on the second day. The request was rejected and I was required to Another review has been misled because of the lack of customers, new locations, best / lowest price, and in excellent locations.
Romantic self-indulgence. Beautiful words and a more beautiful feeling
The narration in general is sweet, although it is very bleak: love and that in this way, it is not very much that you will believe it, because it remained from the anecdotes, but the writer is free to write
. The location is great, reception is good. Most of the rooms need to be changed for furniture and decor. The bathrooms need to be changed. Sofa and carpets are in poor condition
Very old, expensive furniture in exchange for bad service. nothing. The furniture is very very old in all of the hotel. Unpleasant odors. The hotel rooms in all floors overlook the hotel lobby, which causes very inconvenience even in the middle of the night of weddings and loud music, at the same price or less, you find a better alternative than Hilton Al Ain. The price for the service is very much overrated. There is no free internet in rooms only in public places and slow. I would never recommend it.
Devilish and holy colors. Unfortunately, I used to rely on his topic a lot. I have always cared about the symbols ’symbols, and the colors are loaded with these indications. They also have cosplay on the human psyche, and have emotional connections, from calm colors, to loud colors, to the colors that we tend to because they symbolize our team The favorite, or because it reminds us of something, a person lived in a huge network of symbols and connotations, and a huge share of colors from this complex network .. The book unfortunately came against my expectations, and this teaches me an important lesson, which is that we are with incomplete readings, we get the book quickly, we classify it Quickly, so when we start reading it, we do that b We had a short reading of its topic, and for this disappointment comes fast and heavy, and if we gave us a short time for the book before its classification, we read the short profile on its cover, we browsed it for a few seconds to save us this much, and perhaps re-arrange our reading map .. So the book came out of what I wanted His Dutch author, Hermann Bly, is obsessed with medieval history, and he has written several Nostalgic novels as it seems, recovering that stage, and his book on the semantics of color in the Middle Ages, so the topic may only matter to specialists .. The author deals with the struggle between color supporters who consider it a divine gift , And its opponents who consider it alive Of the devil to manipulate human beings, as described in color and myths around the celebration, and exploitation of some of the layers of differentiation from other layers .. A book for those interested in different aspects of the Middle Ages, but in my opinion, is very pretentious.
disappointing. The hotel is close to the news. The hotel is very old, passed by time, rated five stars before a year, and from that day they changed something, and they were diagnosed with a five-star rating certificate. As for the insulation, it is very, very bad from the power of sound. I feel the isolation stair, there are no basement parking or private parking for you. You and your instinct received a position and do not stop by land, as the street wanted to convey my experience to you
It seems that Makhzenji has not been able to impress me yet
disappointing. . The refrigerator is old. Almost no two room experience, there are no simpler luxuries. There are no shampoo wipes
Never liked it. Tell the story
It was not terrifying at all, as it was a sweet and immoral style. I wanted to see what was the role of submarines in the October war and its history in Egypt ... I was not impressed with suspense and nothing. He died .. and appeared on the form of imp. ... and the commander asked, on his address, he met no one like that, and he was in the name of this person, and he died from his age. It is assumed that it is a horror, but not the air ... which I sensed was written in two hours, turned it over and printed ... in the presence of the sweet elves. .. It has spiritual needs that are beautiful and its idea is sweet ... but there were typos and monsters, but the idea is that we exclude this topic. .. I am not terrified, but I liked it. Although I was in parts I wanted to remain stronger ... and that Mustafa had made needs that were easy to use .. The second person who had gone before him was supposed to do it easily and that I would be stronger than the part of the hour of what the peer descended and returned again to the Bedouin ... It is very fast ... like what you are inside of a rigid need, and your battle will remain sweet..and you will find it walking in the midst of elves easily and doing everything you need, like a knife in sweetness. Mistakes reinforced my idea that the book was running fast.
Initially ... the writer made an effort as if she was doing a scientific message .. I would have benefited more if the episode of Yellowstone Wolves showed me on National Geographic who actually worked ... ..But it did not add anything..the story is long, unnecessarily and in need of revision .. It means that if it was short and useful, it would have been better ... I lost in the middle of Leo Coutoir&#39;s series and entered into details that are not necessary ... Most of us here have not read about the myths of the American Indians, so naturally, they do not understand how humans relate to wolves, and how they are great and powerful creatures ... and protect humans by The Indians ’perspective and that my brother’s blood ties them..Of course, they will feel that this is shook.. Frankly speaking, I cover the book. I have the impression that I despise the legends of the wolves ... and the novel shocked me..Day first and last time I read Sherine Hinai
I was not comfortable or happy. Quiet receptionist cooperation. Please refinish the rooms again, the doors are in a bad condition, the floors, the kitchen, the curtains, the bedrooms, the TV is simply required for all the furniture and the restrooms.
Dates
. . The bed is not comfortable
The best part is the first one lost from the other parts
Substandard . . The room system is outdated
disappointing. Location. Everything is bad, please take care of the hotel by the owner
The evaluation of the book as a whole is unjust. The book is about the parts of each part, which is different from the other. The first part of Ahmad Khaled Tawfiq was normal, which was flawed by some unusual vulgarity in the style of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq The second part of Tamer Ibrahim was normal and medium. The third part of Mohamed Fathi is very bad .. The fourth part of Muhammad Sami was talking about spies ... a very beautiful part, but in a mistake book. It is assumed that he wants to link between espionage and sex or women in general, but he linked between espionage and love and the difference between the two. The fifth part of Sanad Rashid, a very ordinary outsider. The sixth part of Tamer Ibrahim, superficially lustrous, provocative, as if it were the story of an Arabic film that is not suitable even for children The last part of Nabil Farouk was good .. I benefited from some notes in it, but his senses are similar to Anis Mansour’s style… general unscientific speech that appears from afar as if it was romantic but dry without feelings .. and most of the speech is repeated. The book in general is less than normal .. I do not advise those interested in romance to read it, nor do I advise those interested in satirical literature to read it, nor do I advise anyone to read it:
Weak. Location only. everything . . . The hotel does not deserve stars with many stars ... but for Saudi Arabia it is considered good
In principle, what motivated me to read the novel is the high evaluation I got ... We start in order:. The style of the writer: an end in thinness .. Arranging the same sentences, whether in classical or vulgar colloquial, very in boredom .. It always begins with: Hashem said .. Hoda do ... do not use the conscience of the absentee at all .. The arrangement of the sentences myself contains a great deal of naivety .. Moreover, the repetition of the sentences .. The first part of the novel is very bored ... I never liked the way the writer described each Whoever is beautiful that he is white with two-colored eyes, as if beauty has a mold .. I do not know why his sympathy for Salah with Salah when he was disgusted by Hoda due to his intense darkness .. Even the way he described the popular neighborhoods inhabited by Aidah in Mansoura I do not know why I sensed him with his extreme racism .. The writer is generally unfortunate in the description or in her writing style, which requires a lot of development. The drama itself is good ... the ending is also good ... the most part I liked in the novel and I felt the writer&#39;s depth in his description is his description of the psychology of Salah and why he deals in this way with his return and if I do not understand a justification for this amount of evil inside him .. Otherwise, the characters needed For more in-depth description ... the novel may work as a TV series .. As for literary work, it lacks a lot ..
Taha al-Gharib, the first work of Muhammad Sadiq, and the second for my reading of him. I finished it in a few hours .. Perhaps if I read it before Hebta and before seeing its end I liked it more .. The first hundred pages I liked the writer’s style very much .. to fulfill the hero .. his warm heart .. I liked all the feelings between Lovers and friends, and what has happened is that all of this has started to dissipate and I find myself bent over a narrow trench of ideas, and begin to take the style of old films. In another vein, you would give her the remaining two stars, a loss that cohesion would be lost The primitive at that speed events as if the writer speed up something good ... but it is pretty much as the first work of the writer and his pen distinct and unique significant ..lkn wish to change the final Hbacth in business next.
I do not advise you to live in it. Breakfast is cold, bed is broken, and conditioner ruined. There is no free wifi
I remember I read it years ago, it was just a story that I did nothing more, not less, it attracted me at the beginning, but the length and the complexity of the events make me feel like it is not past and spoiled.
The name of a prominent writer on an article or story they wrote for publication in a newspaper or magazine, it is never enough as a visa to publish this work between the two libraries a book that contains the masterpieces of that writer. And because some considered the name of Aziz Nessin a reason for publishing everything that bears his name, today I found me reading a collection of stories, some of which amounted to nothing more than a light story read with morning coffee in one of the daily newspapers .. This does not prevent that others were good: the happy cat, the border house , The bowl with the flute, how was Hamdi Al-Sami arrested .. In the first I saw a fall on the political borders and marveled at our commitment to it, despite it being drawn from colonialism. As for the second, Nisin mocks the law that the bureaucracy has struck in killing, so he no longer cares about restoring rights as much as he is concerned with dumping rights holders in the corridors of routine. The press and the media have not escaped from its scathing mockery. In the third story, the story of the businessman who honored a group of journalists tells us, so their pens came out to praise him, and boast of the great accomplishments of his, and what would be good for Turkey’s economy at the hands of his industry. Finally, he is making fun of the police in his fourth story, and mockingly displays their skills of subduing and bringing innocent people. All of them seem completely familiar stories in our Arab reality, despite the fact that he talks about his Turkish society. I truly condemn Bilal, thanks to the fact that he introduced me to this great satirist.
One of the worst I&#39;ve read. Linguistically poor, events are not well connected, and there is a lot of vulgarity. I am afraid to hold another book by Muhammad Sadiq.
disappointing. . Away from the campus
Zeina agreed with what she said and I add that I often did not consider me the writer’s sorrow and I think that she neglected some aspects and did not dwell on it in general a good experience even if I am tired until I complete the book, because my appetite closed
Not a good experience, the hotel only suits the needs of the place. Close proximity to shopping centers, close to Dubai Marina, good pool, excellent internet access. Breakfast crowds and breakfast less than acceptable for night club visitors in the evening. Unacceptable forms at all. Attachments and toiletries
Too bad no wonder the Australian tourism industry is in trouble after trying to book a room at the Sheraton Sydney On The Park Hotel in August. I called them, answered, and then immediately put me on hold with a loud and disturbing message announcing something unrelated to the matter. You need to keep the phone away from your ear as if there are explosions. Then she listens to a number of different voices as if someone were trying to pick up the call but chose not to do so and remained on hold for minutes. At the end of the day, someone picks up the call and asks you what you want so reservations made it please. After waiting for about a few minutes and listening to more exotic call tones, you are finally transferred to the central reservation operator, who looks like he was at a call center in Singapore. She speaks to a Miss in Singapore who lacks basic listening skills and does not understand our Western English well and speaks it poorly, and delays in speaking and listening mean that each of you constantly interrupts each other. The line is not clear. It seems that it takes an eternity for the operator to understand my order. I decided that the Sheraton or The Park Hotel was not worth staying in during my work and I ended the call. If they can&#39;t make simple reservations correctly, the rest of the service will be frustrating and poor. There will never be any dealings with the Sheraton On The Park Hotel ever. Ross P. Kennedy
For some, the book is romantic, lover, humiliation, and the atmosphere. However, the book represents for me in particular an unparalleled comedy .. Every time I open it, I read a little laughing and laughter and I return to it again in two dimensions:. A star for the cover, because I liked it, and a star for the book, to make me laugh:
disappointing. Hotel licenses. Bad and the workers enter the room even though you are sleeping and surrounded the sign of non-disturbance and it is not possible to say that the clock is required. We clean.
A name far from reality. Only the outdoor garden and its accessories are restaurants. The hotel is very old and all services are old and not worth the paid amount and the service is bad and there is no credibility
The tools are quality parts and other tools are not quality at all I would not recommend buying them for a friend
Some of the things here are very beautiful, and the rest are repeated excesses without a different literary depiction.
Rest and recuperation. Beautiful hotel and most beautiful location. nothing
It is a kind of misleading and lying that I believe that what the book contains are short stories as the cover indicates .. From my point of view, the most that is called it is a set of written scenes that express normal positions, some of which have meaning and the other that does not make sense to it, the writer did not adhere to the beginning or end of the viewer .. As for the short story, as I understand it and as written by the great ones, it is something different from the content of this book ... I believe that Radwa Ashour&#39;s reputation in the novel is what sold this book.
There is nothing wrong . Decoration. Staff and services
This is the first time I&#39;ve done in my life. I read about his page. Then I felt terrible boredom. I felt that I knew the end. The last book was answered. As I imagined. An old Egyptian movie
Here is another good number of metaphysics ... but what prevented me from evaluating it with two stars; that I did not raise Ismail was not in it and did not write until the introduction and the conclusion, as I did not find the name Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq on the cover as usual, but I found the name Tamer Ibrahim .. I concluded that Tamer did not have time to write a novel of his own, so he borrowed one of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq&#39;s novels ... but unfortunately he chose a narration that is weak, plot-style, and somewhat cliche ... but I am sad in the end that Tamer did not content himself with a metaphor The plot and style of metaphysics, but he sought to make them worse.
Not on the level covered by it. Can we say good
The novel is good, the characters are very realistic and a shorthand mirror of Egyptian society through personalities from the royal era to the Mubarak era. Despite all the tremendous changes and tremendous events that the characters have experienced and coexisted with, they are still loyal friends who intend to meet and meet in Qushtamr Cafe
It is not possible for those who read my novel Khaled Hosseini and saw Afghanistan in particular, to accept the superficiality of Yasmina Khadra in drawing the image for Kabul .. The information of the characters was narrated on their tongues through dialogues, and this is what I did not like. With its various levels of ignorant, uneducated people ... it talks in the same deep way, which makes us almost ... not to believe .. Then the writer could not separate his neutrality as a narrator, and his opinion as a person, for example, while describing the chador ... He was telling in the form of narration from his disbelief to him, then moving Speaking to the character until completing what the novel started with .. I also felt that the writer started the novel to create Characters without knowing where he is going, then suddenly .. he decided, that the novel ends with the plot in the last two chapters .. I loved translation and vocabulary. I may repeat the experience with the translator, not the author.
My comment is that the most important part of how to approach the topic. Sufis do as follows: My Lord told me, or my Lord stopped me in his hands, and he said or my Lord addressed me ........ Or God said ..... So the reader’s mind should not go away to call a prophecy, because the man was more complete than he called himself a prophecy and did not It is alleged that Gabriel descended upon him and he is committed to the Qur’an letter, meaning, and the Sunnah of Muhammad&#39;s behavior and followers. Rather, it is the language of Sufism as an expression of the facts that are cast in their hearts in moments of complete serenity. This is what Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud explained in the first book. Rather, he says that this risk comes to mind. Rather, he says, God said of his belief that the source of the truth and its inspiration is God. My comment is that I find an abomination in this Alice with this attributed to God a saying he did not say. Some of the thoughts may be bad, and we think it is a good deed because few of our knowledge may be from the devil to lead us astray, instead of being guided, and carving Bish and not impartially. Also, how did al-Nafiri make it clear that reaching God is to go deeper in knowledge and then leave knowledge to knowledge and knowledge to pause where you leave letters and everything just in the presence of God does not disrupt you from this even if reading the Qur’an. This also denounced, he did not mention that our Prophet approached God in this manner, but he commanded us to recite the Qur’an and dhikr and prayers, so he was always remembered as he walked while he was lying down. I do not deny that I enjoyed the book in some places, and after the sentences, because of the many spirits that it overflows with it, the doctor may be right that this type does not rise to the common people who I am
After reading a summary of some points, this is a person completely ignorant of the Qur&#39;an and its miracles, a person ignorant to the core. Scientific miracles in the Qur’an or prophetic hadiths, and they are a major lie that some people make from them and make them a business ??. What does this ignorant say about these verses ??. The clock approached and the moon split. And He made us every living thing of water, so would they not believe? And the sun runs to its stable. And you see the mountains calculate it as it passes through the clouds. Then we created the sperm leech, so we created the leech embryo, so we created the embryo as bones, so we covered the bones for flesh, and then we created another. .............. I cannot count ... Is there a scholar of religion, jurisprudence and hadith that explains these verses without scientific studies and accurate research ??. How did humans infer that the moon split? How did we find that water is an essential ingredient for every living creature? How ancient jurists interpreted the movement of mountains? How did we find the stages of creating the fetus? ....... How does he take the evidence of one dictionary and even take one meaning, which is of course the meaning by which he evaluates his false argument that scholars are liars ???. I swear to God I searched in dictionaries even that the writer mentioned and he meant the tongue of the Arabs about the meaning of the word suspended and found in it all contain the meaning: a worm that lives in the water, of course among many other meanings such as thick blood and which the writer drew as the only one. This is sufficient to prove the writer&#39;s ignorance. ............. The bottom line is that this is a secular person who wants to separate religion from everything, even from science. The method of religion is separate from science ???. Manage this verse: God fears His servants, the scholars. Scientists a recent actor of the verb feared. ........... My advice to the esteemed writer is to learn the Qur&#39;an, learn the Arabic language well, and how to extract meanings from Arabic dictionaries so that he can respond correctly, because I pity him very much.
Real, I don’t know what to say. There is no exception in. Just an intense and vulgar depression dose. Just in the end I liked the gift Something mysterious. ........
I tried Miskana Omelette, pancakes and cassadia, all of which were less than normal and not worth the trip again
Despite her great fame and my longing for reading it at first, she disappointed me a lot. For me, the novel is not beautiful except when I feel that it is surrounded by my characters, events and places. I did not feel that while I read Azazel. Historical and its historical / religious theme is complex, I do not know
Tashary, which means the diaspora was a novel that combines the past of Iraq and the present of immigrants between alienation and the hunger of exile, to try to come up with some pictures of the moral decline in which the country sank, in addition to the racism, religious discrimination and kidnappings that claimed many lives and left open wounds, But .. I did not enjoy the novel as a whole, I thought at first glance that I was in front of a memory that would mess with the reader and leave it on the wall of unforgettable sorrow, and found me moving between the wound of the gynecologist and between the threads of her daughter&#39;s past that took up a good space in the events and she tells about living In Canada, the difficult circumstances that surrounded her and her family For a young woman, and the sacrifice of the husband in order for the other party to obtain the balance of martyrdom, etc., I wished that Inaam Kaj had made the old doctor the head of the event and the knot, that it penetrate more into the real causes of the war, that she would be very bold to expose the bad side of The story, not to pour her imagination into fringe events such as the electronic cemetery and Iskandar Kalthoum&#39;s relationship that took more than what the novel can bear. As for the method, it is compatible with the presentation, even the use of Iraqi phrases was a good employment, I did not find any problem with that, the only thing that was outside the text is my animation as a reader, although Enaam tried as much as possible to describe things, behaviors and places accurately. However, the molding of the shape did not reach me as it should, there was a vacuum or poor quality to catch that flash, which made me pass this story quickly and with some boredom. ,.
Initially it is a great book and a great story, the end is bad but the conclusion is caught.
He did not carry a different character. Something normal
May God have mercy on him
I regret most novel because I read it
disappointing. so bad. The hotel does not deserve a star
Provocative to the extreme. Not known as a start, where are the punctuation marks? .. I mean, I read a novel about how there is no even simple punctuation, which we write in the middle of the speech? . It does not even qualify as a novel. A ridiculous story, a poor prosaic style, and a colloquial colloquial language of dialogue, especially the parts that Malik speaks to himself with, except this prolonged, which is not surprising, which is necessary. Bad bad and I would never recommend it
Very CNN. nothing. The comfort of the room is very nice.
It revolves around realistic stories that revolve to prove that the justice of God Almighty’s destiny is because of simple and somewhat easy vocabulary, but all stories end with the same meaning, and the bulk of the book revolves around one idea summarized in the title
Weak. I did not like the hotel from the most expensive hotels that inhabited it. A hotel that occupied the monument and lying to people. I booked a family room. Surprised at the receptionist. He tells me that the reservation is for two people and you pay an increase of three hundred riyals to other people.
I did not like the general framework of the novel, because the hero is a reckless and careless person. I liked a certain girl for her shape, so he went to a friend who complained to him that he had contracted the disease because of the love that had spread in his heart when he saw this girl, and after that he met her in a friendly clinic by chance, to have a very provocative dialogue among them as long as I hated this paragraph in The movie shocks the hero that Fifi does not love. When he asks her, the first time he shows her, is your boyfriend who you loved with us in the room when they were not there for others and of course she responds to him that he does not exist and he is shocked. After that, the events continue, so we know that a friend of a person is very materialistic and does not like. The debts owed by him that evade his payment do not make it more corrupt than the material friend, and after that we discover that Fifi loves her morals high and does not like a girlfriend, but he refuses to betray a friend and the novel ends. Overall, I did not quite like some of the least work I read of Hakim
One star for beautiful combo only. A novel to waste time only, it does not contain a beautiful message or a valuable idea, on the contrary, on the one hand, it is poor .. I read it reluctantly.
The first thing that came to my mind was the writings of Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq. The story itself could have been more interesting, especially the merging of historical events with imagination, but some events were a kind of lengthening and boredom during its reading
I think Ramadol is asking for blues with some people
disappointing. Very poor service and lack of interest in the customer. I waited about an hour to receive the room after paying the amount.
Weak. . Too bad the lack of attention to the guest other than staying with the guest
I didn&#39;t like it at all, and I don&#39;t know why. It felt boring
The introduction can be a novel on at least one page. The abundance of narratives and descriptions in the novel unfortunately lost their meaning
A book without any goal. The one star that I take from me is just because there is no less than it .. I understand the idea of an open end. Coolly, I understand the idea that the book is written as a series of tales of life such as this one that has a common factor or something in common .... But you are trying to suggest me that the thousand characters that you are workers blasphemy along the book, they are connected to each other and then in the other you come to me open an end open for no meaning ? This writer did not have any kind of logical linking and he found that the book expanded from it and could not know how to break the chicks that he tried to convince us that the book is done from them, so he said I am going to do a luxurious end that does not have any need for this .. The writing style is OK, but it is not an amazing need In any way. Better than others in style .. I tried to be constructive, but unfortunately the book bothered me. One star is too much for it.
Tried on a small car and has no benefit
I had a sweet occasion that I put pictures of cats who shit at home after they grew up::. Brother, this is the book and the mobile speaker .. Not everything that is written in the stories is true:
Magdolin got what she deserved. This is what occurred to the mind after the suicide of Magdalene. Onion, you feel provocation as you read it. Events are rather slow. It is an uneven novel for the sake of the crown and poet, approaching the level of virtue.
Club Hotel. . They have an alternate manager named Mohamed Sukkar or potatoes, I don’t add my blood and threaten me, my fiancée, with the police, even though everyone in us took a room and made me suspect
Very weak. nothing. No words
Weak . There is no. You choose from the bokings and book. You are surprised that I did not book cheaters and cheat us this hotel, because I have a reservation on the top floor overlooking the city.
A bad experience . Proximity to the sanctuary and tranquility, I never recommend visiting it. Rooms are used up, furniture is old and bathrooms are very poor
I read the first quarter in which I did not like it .. Its style is nice, I will not deny it, but the content of the story itself is not what .. I turned between its pages and read the last part .. I knew the content and I liked the style, so I considered myself her village.
. . A very very bad hotel, all their services are false, even the Wi-Fi is not free as in the advertisement, the staff and reception are bad and they only serve you with money. Frankly someone deserves to call him a hotel. I have a child who did not give me even the blanket
disappointing. I. The amount that was booked on my card was not returned despite more than a week had passed since I left, noting that I was informed that he would return to the card within days as a maximum.
Beautiful hotel with many services and very excellent. There are many choices in the hotel and the variety in restaurants, which makes many choices available Excellent Excellent Very excellent. Room furniture needs to be refurbished
Bad . . The room is too small to fit the paid price, the place is far from the vital places in the city, not to enter the food in the hotel, which forces you to eat outside
Fresh classics. . His captivity ... There must always be a return to fine literature ... I fell in love with language, and the story was very simple.
Light and delicious, I do not see that it is classified as a novel or book in the first place, it is a bit of tales and silver, closer to the series as well, but there is a little joy, especially in the beginning:
I do not recommend this novel:
Adele is a star and a text. Frankly, the book is very interesting. Also, there are many thoughts that love the body, but do not love the soul. Although the body, the soul is what remains. And there is a lot of humiliation in it ... what a wonderful sincere wonder
A lawsuit book, no less, no more ... except that his method of advocacy took a different suit .. The book did not appeal to me because I am against preaching .. Pervious preaching does not change anything and does not produce good .. Preaching only increases toxins
disappointing. Proximity to the sanctuary. Going and getting out of the rooms, frequent lifts, and bad reception
Frankly, I did not complete it. I felt that I am wasting my time
Weak. . Some furniture drapes, no soundproofing insulators, no car corner service
I heard a lot before that Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud did not like that in the novels. . In general, I do not need anyone else. . . Because I checked it myself. Unfortunately the novel is poor, the style of presenting events is superficial, unconvincing, and the development of childish events, the novel simply did not respect the mindset of the reader, so to speak. I am not here to talk about the scientific information that was contained in it, because this is not my specialty and in general I will not be able to judge it. Originally, it is a science fiction novel, and usually the novels that dress like it allow it to cross the wall of reality, even a little. But here I am talking about the sequence of events and their evolution. Also, the philosophical side that completely differs from our belief as Muslims regarding the subject of death, here appears remarkably the writer was affected by the Indian philosophy of reincarnation, but the only thing that excuses him is that he admitted that he was influenced by it and abandoned most of these ideas in the end of his life. You do not read it. . Events in its development are boring and expected, in addition to the ideological corruption that is Meliana Bey, and to Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud personally admitted to it in a later period of his life.
The book is beautiful and wonderful in its beginning, and it is very difficult for you to describe yourself and ask .. But then, you will not see the stage of what you do not know. What is the author? H God, but I will talk to you, and he will tell you ... very perfect.
Trip to Abit. Satirical horror. Shabwooh choose the name of the novel. As for the narration itself, it is ordinary. You read it after any long story. As a kind of separation and armistice.
Another page of the prisons pages and its literature .. But this time in the Moroccan home following a failed military coup attempt .. The writer tries through the prisoner one of the participants in the coup to give a new side and after another to experience the prison .. The novel was free from the descriptions of physical torture and spatial description at a minimum .. And the biggest focus was on the psychological side to shed light on the suffering of the soul between the walls of deafness and a relentless life .. I believe, unfortunately, that the camel betrayed the writer or translator, so you could not give me that required feeling .. The psychological aspect of the novel is one of the most difficult things that can be conveyed to a reader .. It is almost imperceptible. The novel lacked many details that would have given it strength and an impressive dimension .. The prison experience remains unique and inspiring and we extrapolate a lot from it, especially in our Arab world.
Not suitable for stay. . The hotel is very crowded, away from services, the room smells bad, the room does not work, the reception is poor
The story in Nisbali is empty of content and plot, and Moselnich is aiming for it and is very provocative in some pages .. But I enjoyed Muhammad Mansi&#39;s style of writing very smooth and enjoyable.
. What I liked and nothing for them, and I do not advise to live with them. Secretarial position management take advantage of the position authority and arrest their friends instead of inmates
I did not enjoy. . The smell of the hotel is very bad and the cleanliness is generally substandard.
I opened the book at exactly ten o&#39;clock. I closed the book at exactly ten o&#39;clock and five minutes:. Bezar, of course, his village, but sure enough, he did not buy it, and we went out to the countryside
The worst experience for Ramada Deira. I did not like anything. The room was not arranged on time, it took a minute to arrange the room to receive it, knowing that they were informed of the time and date of arrival.
Very weak. . A hotel employee entered my room while my wife and I slept without my notice, so I canceled my remaining reservation and went to another hotel
I don&#39;t know what my problem is with award-winning books. In fact, the novel was finished in record time compared to its size. I liked the idea of a papu tree that adapts to change. But I could not sympathize definitively with the characters of the novel. It has beautiful values, yet I did not like it as a story, but the writer&#39;s efforts in researching and getting acquainted before beginning writing it were clear.
disappointing. . The hotel still suffers from a lack of bathroom towels, imagine only a coordinator in the room for two people
I was disappointed in all respects with this novel. His first novel was a novice novel but the story is captivating, a million thoughts were beautiful and his writing improved a lot. As usual, the writer continues to improve, but: it was even worse than the flame of longing, poor English and the confusion between classical and colloquial Arabic with the same sentence is a fatal mistake. Briefly:. I doubt and violently suspect that Yusuf Ramadan is the writer of a million thoughts, given the failed low style in:. I regretted that I bought the book and regretted my expectations, and it is clear that everyone who liked it: is not a reader and who wrote it is sure that he is not a writer. Indeed .. Youssef, but. Writing it is supposed to exceed Twitter and Instagram
Very bad experience. . Inconvenience all the time. Equipment voices in the repair of the upper floors. Vocal songs are very loud, starting at ten o&#39;clock at night. Huge crowds at the hotel entrance.
I do not know why the book loses its glory after their success? Is this due to the fact that we compare the literature, forgetting that the permanence of the case is impossible? Or is it simply that the owners of the pen thought they were cooks and that success has a recipe for its repetition, they get what they desire? . I had started reading Nabati and Azazel, and I was very pleased with what I read: The researcher Yusef Zidan&#39;s effort was clear and the presentation of religious and philosophical information was very interesting in covering it with graceful literary expressions. The intruder. Illuminations:. Youssef Zeidan. There was cost. It was like someone wanting to present the public’s mind in a decent diplomatic manner. I do not know when the doctor fought writing in this field. I did not feel pain. I did not sympathize with Abu Bilal. I did not feel the torture of the prison. Even the characters were not normal. They were more like robots. An exchange of napalm bombs ... a dirty smell pervades the place ... the end. I did not smell this smell and did not feel it .. and this is bad. Very bad indeed. The reader may accept that all the characters be contrived, but he will not forgive the hero / main character as well .. Unfortunately Abu Bilal was also: he suddenly loses his faith .. This is logical but how he suddenly regains it and even rises to the ranks of Sufism so quickly that the Sufi elders of themselves are unable to do so .. You can not be Sophie in prison .. only after a long period of calm and tranquility has passed .. As for with troubled thoughts .. this is impossible. Conclusion: after a long wait .. my hope ..
A novel from Surrealist art .. Like the drawing boards that are confused and wondering, what do you mean?
I read this book at the time of its publication years ago. I mention it as a book that gives you strength in the desire to resist the cause of half of our problems as Arabs and Muslims of Israel, and I mention it is a book that is not developed until you finish reading it, although there is disintegration and fragility at times, but bravery and stubbornness deserves to bow down in respect. One of the striking things was the relationship of the prisoners with each other, the extent of intimacy and the love that has arisen between them to a degree that comes close to accusing them of homosexuality, but it is only their destinies that have thrown them into what they are in, forcing them to approach each other to protect their minds from loss.
Failed means the word. The cleanliness of the place and the cleanliness of the room and the bathrooms, in terms of cleanliness, especially the mattresses. Away from the Noble Sanctuary and the hotel crew have no experience, nor a star-rated hotel, which does not reach a single star, the purchase is ample, and the bathroom towels remain as there is no cleanliness, and I went out of the hotel on the same day to the respected Dyar International Hotel. I did not like it all
Bad hotel service Our experience as a very poor family upon arrival we found used baby towels lying in the fountain in the main reception hall. Is it reasonable that the workers did not notice the room, its bed is bad, especially the bed, as the bed is not even, but rounded inside, the seats that turn into an extra family are very dirty and stained with no stains in the bathroom, and when we asked for it, they ignored the TV screen, there are no bathrooms or rooms Replacing foreign clothes in case you want to stay longer after handing over the rooms. Cats fill the place, especially near eating places. The family cannot swim together, even if the mother is in legal and decent swimwear.
Very weak. Expensive value for normal housing. I sat for more than two hours to enter the room and their excuse that the cleaners did not start their work knowing that there are vacant rooms ... The alarm bell worked more than once per day for an experiment that I would never recommend visiting.
The worst stay in Dubai. The only thing unique about the reception staff, especially brother Majdi, is the best example of a helpful employee. I mean, if this hotel was taken because of this employee only. I booked it through, but the right is empty, and the value paid in full two days before the hotel arrived, and when they came, they asked for a lot of proof. A lot of email between them and my uncle was very annoying. It was in a smell on the third floor where I got down. Room service fined me for damaging the bathrobe and they originally washed them
His village, on the recommendation of a friend, guided me the book. And my psyche was tired at the time .. It was good for me during this period because the narrator lives a difficult psychological and emotional situation, so I felt that he was close to my psyche, even though the situation is completely different ... something that I loved in it, even though I never liked novels. His style was almost charming .. the composition and smoothness of sentences. His ideas, which he developed smoothly and with all linguistic beauty, made me read the novel. It means a novel full of quotes. And because I was walking in the novel, even though my walking was slow, I was not walking out of my enthusiasm for the story, but I was feeling that I was reading a man’s idea about a story that had become more about him in a society he had not experienced. As for the story itself, I see it as incomplete, not good, and very stereotypical. I see a person with thoughts of Alona, in which he writes a story of the deepest meaning and what relates to the love that has become an implementer of the book. I was excited about the end of the story, and what interests me frankly. But I was interested in reading more of his phrases, no more. The two stars of beautiful phrases in the novel, some of them not all. Other than that, I see it as a novel that misses many to be distinguished.
Weak thoughts, boring events, style, and repeated words in each chapter ... A silver story not worth reading
Unfortunately, this book failed me a lot ... beginning with the title, and it is a dialogue with my atheist friend. It is reasonable to be on atheism, etc., but what I found most is a set of provisions of the Islamic religion and how it is the religion of truth as well as far from why we believe in the existence of God ?? All of these questions may come to any Muslim and are not exclusive to an atheist. I did not like the style of dialogue if it was called a dialogue, as it is closer to the sloppy question and answer, which he believes has made the questioner obeyed, and this is a second calamity because he has contradictions and interpretations. I do not know how he came out with it. The most irritating chapter is the separation of women and the writer’s interpretation of stewardship, hijab, beating, and desertion. The latter has been interpreted according to psychological states that are masochism and sadism. .. and if the book was in some parts of it well, that did not help to change my impression of most of it ..
Sadia is a poet, more beautiful than her diffuser .. There is a deep chasm in which I fell by reading this group .. I was disappointed, Saadia.
Pictures are different from reality. . Towels are old and used a lot, as they are worn out and to the extent that all the ends are threads of a lot of use, and the swimming pool is not clean
Very weak. nothing. The exact opposite of the pictures
I would never recommend this hotel. nothing. Parking is not available for everyone and you have to reserve a parking that is not free Wi-Fi cuts off the bed is not very far from restaurants The reception does not answer the call It is not worth this amount
not clean . . Not a good hotel and I would advise against staying in it
Very weak. . Cleanliness. Brushes are not clean. The water is sprayed without heater
Of course, this novel kept me thinking that I would read Ahmad Murad again. .. I mean, simply, if I wanted a novel followed by the four quarters, it tells colloquially, and there is no suspense of any kind.
Poor hotel. . The beds are full of bed bugs, which causes us to be bitten by an inflamed insect. There is no concern for cleaning rooms and hallways.
I don’t know, I didn’t feel that it was completely adequate, but in any case, there is not a single book. Of interest is what some of the references are useful and in fact the topic itself is very useful but the book. not amusing
Each container is sprinkled with its contents, and this is what is in the Ashraf Khamisi&#39;s container.
Various and funny articles give you a passion for reading the book
disappointing. Cleanliness. The entrance to the hotel parking must be wrapped in a long way, so that the entrance can reach the service requesting food in the very high price rooms, which are more than the level of the hotel in the morning breakfast buffet. Very few options and not that.
I would not recommend staying there again. Wi-Fi is fast. Noisy bed linen creativity reception very bad, frankly, the price is more expensive than the standard apartments
Sorry .. these lines have a lot of fear and the authority of the watchman ... and I am readers to exercise my freedom without authority, control or law ... so I did not like it ..
He needs more control. Decor and comfort. Everything is bad except for the features I mentioned, I advise it only to those looking for a quiet place to sleep
Biography of a decadent person. There is no moral, intellectual or moral value in the book
Less than very normal and overpriced. . The smell and narrow pots are very small, the room is air-conditioned, there is only an internal phone receiver, and no parking.
The hotel does not deserve the name of five stars. There was nothing differentiating this hotel from the other .. Wi-Fi is very bad. The service at the restaurant during breakfast was very poor. The room was not ready for all the requirements .. It was requested by phone and was late. The method of distributing elevators is not organized. Very limited car parking is not enough.
One of the most important conditions in poetry is enjoyment, as poetry may be good but it does not enjoy, and does not leave an impact on the same reader as the one that leaves it poetry is not equal in the nobility of meaning and the removal of language, but it pleases the reader, and this is what I suffered from with this bureau, I did not seek to taste it, It seems that I have some problem with the so-called prose poem, but here it goes beyond this problem, I felt that I was reading translated poems and not poems written in Arabic. However, the Diwan is not without a positive thing, for you liked this feeling of division or schizophrenia between the poet and himself, which was evident in several poems, most notably in my mother’s house, where his reflection of his image asks him this urgent and repeated question: Are you? Some quotes came out of the Court, but Mahmoud Darwish&#39;s collection is not sufficient for quotations
Frankly, I hardly remember any of her events, so she fails to be a novel worth reading. But I remember enjoying it at the time, but it affected me long and I did not like it.
I don’t know what caused him suddenly to begin inserting sexual scenes into his work, even though if they were removed, he would not detract from the novel. It is already a bad and very long compared to his previous works.
The story is sweet and ideas for death ... I felt that it was a strong close to the idea of a movie, but it bothered me that I did not know why Abu Al-boy, who died in the end
Do not book at this hotel for advice. Various restaurants are available. The room is very poor and the bathroom worse
The goal, which made me buy this book, is to pay money and time to read it. It is an attempt to improve my idea of human development books. I was trying to review it and read more from a writer in this field. But unfortunately, and for the next time, the attempt failed, and the book did not contain anything that made me think that human development is a beautiful and real thing, and if I was wrong
The worst experience. nothing. The delivery of the non-selected room The non-response of the two personal employees to submit the complaint throughout the stay and no response to poor hygiene late service
I am sure. It is as a director. Better than Mollif Bechter. But the book is in its simple style ... by touching difficult ideas that are brought to it by most of the book of human development ... despite my hatred for all the youth of the kiosk ... but I bought because of his name.
The place and rooms are not beautiful. nothing. everything
Relatively acceptable. Security and parking personnel are very careful and dedicated. They made me top-rated .. Car parking is often unavailable and the hotel management should mention that, as I had to park the car very far from the hotel most of the time. I asked to arrange the room so I discovered that they only arranged the bed, and they left the bathroom and the rest of the room intact. Also the water for drinking They only put it for you at the time you enter. The rest of the days are on your account. Until I asked them and I said: they considered me a new guest every day. The food was not safe. The TV was not working.
What I liked about the general articles, as for the basic articles, and what is the most part of the book, I like it, either because I do not agree with it in the opinion, or because it is past its time and remained a factor like the old joke, this is not bad, but the name of the books is very bad, so his name provoked me, I say, but I see the man this is a writer, what is this dance? What does that mean? Does Egypt think that you see it? If you see it like that, go for it and walk in Egypt, you don&#39;t need what you like.
I read it to participate in a competition, and if it had not been for this competition, I would never read it .. everything in it was obvious, there is nothing new in it.
Unfortunately, I am not taking into account the writer’s age, because this is a work that will be evaluated according to his level and not the level of who writes it. The plot is very weak, the author can try to differ a little, but he who eventually came out of the crowd of ideas, not written well, not written well. Language is very weak. The novel is very small. We can call it a story, not a novel. And it is not possible to deny that the writer made an effort at the medical point and diseases, but he needed a little focus on new ideas, so it would be a genius. We can think of this as a bug he was writing to make it turn. But no one will ever forgive him, the topic prefers this long and long time, and no one will say after that, taking into account his age, even though I hate the word.
nothing special . The quietness of the place is more marked by the calmness of the reception area. Shaded parking is very limited and not ready for luxury parking. Smells of smoking pervade the place of non-smokers, reception on the second floor
Too bad. the breakfast. The site is bad and the decoration in the pictures is wrong. Old and lousy, the lights are out in the corridors on one side of the bathroom and the siphon fills the sink and the water does not drain from the sink. I could not use the bathroom for a while.
It is not forbidden that they speak to each other. Wow, this is all sweet.
disappointing. Dislike. I did not like the hotel reception and condescending customers, even though the hotel is new, and if you file a complaint, do not take your right
From Baskin Robbins period, he raised his prices crazy ... Originally, the previous prices were exaggerated because the quantity is very small compared to the value of the ice cream originally, for example, I mean the ice cream, which is in real, has become B, who has become B, who has become B, and who has become B ... ? Its flavors are varied and delicious, but from the day it increased its prices, it was forever ...
A hotel that must be taken care of in. A hotel that can be good, but needs some big adjustments. The hotel does not have internet service because the hotel did not pay the bill. The swimming pool is very dirty. The reception has only one person and most of the time it is busy with its phone. Room service was not good
The view of the sea is only beautiful. Sea view from the balcony. Cleanliness and calmness
Very weak. I did not like anything. Bad hotel with what the word means, bad staff, very cleanliness is bad when cleaners ask for cleaning, the bed is only arranged and there are no condoms at all, I do not recommend it at all.
Bad. nothing. The receptionists work slowly and their morals are not good
Message on the full screw, length, and unexpected details. I remained with missed blocks of words, all details and salvation, and my goal remained that I am free from this book, in order to keep my conscience at ease. I did not pass a book without what I spoke to. But there is still a clairvoyance in the future that Saddam and the Salafi battles expected the government, but what happened is that the brothers are the ones who clashed with them. The writer thought that the army would get things worse, not justified. The writer envisioned the wisdom of the Brotherhood, we all participated in it, but on the contrary, there was recklessness
I hate like this kind of book that attracts you about its title but then you find a small clip that has something to do with the title; it actually traps. The title attracted me. I had a romantic story, but to no relationship, I found the story of Coca-Cola in addition to Sartre loves to swim and other stories, what the hell. Bad and more than bad, I wasted my time on it, and I read to the end
disappointing. Its proximity to the sanctuary. The room was not worth the value, our wait to enter the room, and any interest in the guest
I felt a severe depression after I finished it ... because I used to tell myself when I read it every chapter that it would be more beautiful than the previous chapter to the extent that I concluded the book without its result. A novel without a goal, and the first chapter, I do not know what is the beneficiary or the idea that Ola Al Aswani conveyed to us, we readers. Amputated ended without end determining parameters
The writer focused on his personal view on some things, the articles are weak, and disintegrating as well, several topics in one article, but the topics are good and attract attention.
It has good illustrations of many controversial doctrinal issues ... but with lengthening it is useless with an unskilled style in writing novels ... Of course Ibrahim Issa needed a jurist or sheikh for many things and it is a commendable effort
I apologize, Dr. Sajid Al-Abdali. I was fooled by the title, and I thought I would add new ways to read and use them on my reading journey. Unfortunately, the star for the statements of encouraging reading, splitting and organizing paragraphs, as well as printing. The title of the book does not reflect the content
Hygiene / eating /. Heat / conductivity /?
I did not find it adequate: /
I do not recommend if a service is required. The location is a bit good for the campus but not for the elderly. Very unpleasant smells in the room due to poor ventilation in the bathrooms Not working at the present time for a period of three days. The delay in assisting in the room, as the room is reviewed after more than half an hour or more.
A book discusses a very important concept, but it is mistaken in some of its parts, but it is interesting in some of its other parts. As usual, Izz al-Din Shukri pointed out to predict what is worse for future events in a similar way to fear too, but this time it was in context, but the overall is not a new book from the literary point of view. At the time of its release it was new
Her psychological fluctuations are very strange, because femininity is not an insult, as she claims, and society does not treat her on this basis and most importantly; Islam has strengthened the value of women
The price is not adequate with the standard of services at the hotel. . I did not like anything
Weak. Close to the sanctuary. Nothing I liked about it ....... is not the level of other Mövenpick branches in the Gulf ..... This is the Nojoom Cafe Hotel
The author has an idea, but he has a poor language in translating it.
Very sarcastic, spontaneous, light, interesting. The author has a distinct charisma. I will read the expedited more
disappointing. Close to the airport, building. Insect smell foul for Indian communities
I tried the authority of the cesar bases and it was very bad .. mayonnaise and lettuce
Very weak. nothing. nothing
It is a novel project ... not by memoirs, but rather, it is a final chapter, perhaps from the life of an assassin who says he is professional, but is somewhat skewed by professionalism ... Emotional I do not think with that end ... Maybe if the title was a page of murderous curiosity, the description would be clearer. .. weak but can be read as a link in the series
A shocking book .... a wonderful amount of information and a sense of alienation and dispersion, even within the homeland. Despite this, I admire the style of writing for good, despite the apparent rhetoric, and I also felt confused in arranging ideas and dates. The time periods are not interrelated. The book takes a day for the first time in my life because of the country&#39;s circumstances, personal circumstances, and the most aversion to the book and the way it is written. Frankly, I concluded it well after I was close. I hate reading because of it
A book of high caliber. In a difficult and mysterious style, it attacks a lot of issues. Among the most important of them are slavery, exile and the spoils of jihad, and it focuses on the faults of the jurists. I cannot judge what was stated in the book. But I stand with the author on the issue of human faith. It is an issue on which Islam focused and which Muslims neglected
Please do not send the email. Your messages are annoying with e-mail. Annoy your emails
I think it is, in my view, more like thoughts / diaries than a novel.
The book did not satisfy me, and my enthusiasm disappointed him. I finished it in about half an hour. One text I liked and you are infected .. life
Writer&#39;s language is nice and the cover is beautiful .. the story of love is gross, utilitarian and physical, the characters are contradictory and lack virtues and morals.
I couldn&#39;t finish it despite my previous admiration for Jabra .. I think he didn&#39;t respect the reader this time
The novel deals the reader with naivety, presents events in an unconvincing way, reminds me of the way the school taught some stories to Mediterranean students.
The location is close to Naif Market. Location only. everything
The most beautiful part of the book is when Akkad talks about his books, libraries, and readers
Language is boringly easy ... After the first chapter of the novel, I felt this thing, and thought well expected to improve, but I could not complete when I arrived in the fifth semester specifically. The style and vocabulary are very ordinary, the novel is devoid of deep vocabulary, and light in the composition of sentences.
The two stars for the two quotes. Nothing enslaves us in life except our desires, hopes, and fears. Truth like death requires enormous courage. . The book is a simple, easy-to-use language page, which tells the story of Firdaus, who was wronged by society by a father, mother, and uncle, until he reached the situation in sin and when I tried to be honorable, the community cursed it twice.
Thanks . The room is acceptable. Restaurants in the middle of the night called and no one answered
One of the worst worst things I have read ... I mean, frankly, I do not have anything to say to keep my criticism constructively ... A sense that I would be absent if I wrote a review..I would have said better:
I do not recommend families and do not allow guests to enter. nothing. everything
It is I am not able to limit the assumption. I am afraid of this horror. I laugh about the lightness of my blood. Farghali means dilution. For example, I was in the first place to toughen my story with your loved one and two dimensions ........ squirt .. Then in the end I felt that it benefited the stories of Farghali Al-Mastkawi while he was drinking hashish ... I saw him the last hashish, what should he do?
I never liked it, and the truth of the novel that I do not feel, and the writer does not attract me from the window of his letters I do not think it becomes good for me. This is what happened with this novel
Very weak. . Old hotel and bad location
The book I have read failed in my life ... What a triviality, disregard and simplicity when I lost every penny I paid
Weak. Good self-service microwave heater washer. A very bad smell from the bed linen. After the complaint, the coverings were changed and the same smell was present.
The first note: On the cover of the book, Al-Hamza was written in my name, even though it is a link hamza that does not write ... What we have, this is the error of the publishing house. However, I did not say: Al-Maktoob Payen from his title ... e. As for what the Diwan contains, it is an enormous amount of scattered, unconnected, Arabic words, which are not combined with meaning and do not intentionally separate them ... After every page, I used to say, as Said Saleh, may God have mercy on him, said: I want a useful sentence ... a useful sentence ... Perhaps someone would bump into me and extend his head and say: Who are you to disdain Adonis&#39; hair and the great critics testified to him ?? I will tell him: Lower your head, dear, so that your neck is not tired .. I also do not see that great art in Picasso’s painting. Senior critics also saw him and the painting was sold millions of dollars ... e. Perhaps Adonis&#39; poetry and Picasso paintings were of people of a higher nature and on a mental level that we have not yet reached and did not see me in a yearning to attain, so I congratulate you on the poetry of Adonis and Picasso paintings, and leave us the dervishes the poetry of Mahmoud Darwish, Said Aqel and Michelangelo and Raphael ...
The novel took on an uproar and volume that exceeded its normal size .. Also, the use of popular vocabulary seemed somewhat exaggerated ... Without that, there is no doubt that the novel has a nice story ... strange and interesting. Although I do not know the reliability of the information in it, regarding the jinn and their ranks.
The balcony has one year not cleaned more. nothing. so far
disappointing. . The price is very expensive for the standard of the hotel and does not include breakfast
I waited for the novel to begin, and it ended before it started. I did not enjoy it and I did not like to know what else. The writer gets only two stars. The first deservedly goes to his wonderful, attractive language, which I am not very much used to in contemporary writings. The second goes to the philosophical idea behind the novel, which I think is new, at least for me. Conclusion: I am waiting for another work for the writer and I think it will be much better and there is a place on my list of four stars waiting for
disappointing. . Breakfast is so bad that the salads were sour and most of the eating of the leg today.
Away from little eveons consumed in bleak Arab films .. The book is very sweet and enjoyable .. I read in two hours, though I deserve less than this
When reading someone’s diary, you will enter his very own world, forcing you to enter and live for all the details and ideas. Maybe you agree, maybe they don&#39;t agree. Maybe they tell your diaries in some situations, and they may add new meanings if they happen and learn something. It may happen and get lost in a loss and leave you lost with them after I urge the dirt on their graves or you may come out of it empty. All lines were empty, all lost in loss, and frankly, this is never lacking at this time.
Thus are dreams that make us dive into a world of imagination, think about our actions and our spontaneous behaviors ... move their words deep within us, hidden feelings that make us mistake and push with all our feelings, then think about our actions ... but dreams remain a number of things that should not be combined from matters Religious matters on matters outside the scope of religion and nothing is possible for him ... but we continue to read everything that is planned by her fingers
Weak. nothing. There is no welcome, no reception service, but a unit employee without any welcome, I never liked it
An unrepeatable experience. The room design was beautiful. External insulation is very, very very poor. Response to services is poor. There are tiny plane bugs at the window
I searched for this book because of his name and after reading it I did not find anything beautiful about him except for his name and a few ideas. This may be due to my ignorance of the science of philosophy, which was a barrier between me and the simple understanding of most parts of the book, especially the second half, which discusses the philosophy of Plato and Plato
disappointing. The place has all the services like Al Sawafah, restaurants and electronics store. The hotel does not lure you with the services in which the rooms are seen.
The worst night. nothing. Narrow rooms. The hotel is very far away. Bad staff. Very expensive price. Narrow pool. Extremely annoying. Bathrooms with bidet for washing. Crewed staff. Never recommend it
I haven&#39;t finished halfway yet, I don&#39;t know what I actually sent
His reading was long delayed ... even though I am excited to read more of Burma ... the wise man of his time. I laugh when I read it even crying reality ... the title is a masterpiece, but it is wrong information ... at least as far as our dog is concerned. Who is considered an important individual in our family for years now ... We raised him from the beginning ... It is shameful to refer to him with a dog as he has a name and his card as well. And an annual injection that he takes .. He does not eat the uncooked from eating ... He eats sweets as he eats fruits ... and he eats with love of chocolate ... As for the writer means another type of dog then the words differ ... or even the stray dogs do not know Then .. a tribute to Burma and his eloquent wisdom
An unrepeatable experience. nothing. Small space, lack of toothpaste and brush, only one shower folded, the mini bar lacks much and unimaginable prices for its free content
I cannot deny that there are many beautiful sayings in this book, as they are still dreams that have always impressed us with their analogies and way of thinking. But it disturbed me that Ahlam did not do justice to love his right; only to urge readers to forget .. I personally think that Ahlam drifted with her strong desire to help lovers to forget so much that she made her book not only a lie written with literary beauty. Her desire to help readers to forget made her change the definitions of things and give biased opinions against love, her words in this book contradict even her words in her other books.
The star is only for the foreground
She did not live up to expectations, so I thought she was talking about Jaffa, the Palestinian city, and not about a writer who was disconnected from the novel. The novel revolves around the fashion of Fayrouz&#39;s love, Jaffa, writing, etc. ... You may often feel very bored with the element of surprise
There is nothing new in the book. A collection of articles, some of which are comical and some of which have no value. The good thing about the book means that it was fun during the metro trip to college in Helwan. :
I felt that the writer suddenly jumps from position to position, and the novel tells the story so that the word is the saddle and the word becomes the syringe or saddle or the fence. I felt that every page was standing against me, complicating my understanding, it might be because I left the novel in the middle of it, before I finished it today. But what I came out with and I do not know if it was true, so I was trying to find a way out to clarify this blurring of the novel, and I found that the novel was released in this way, so we could ask and answer at the same time. It does not matter what Afaf does, and it does not matter whether Ibrahim is alive or dead. The important thing is that this is what happened and what was going to happen with different work, and with different characters. This is what happens in these neighborhoods. This is what we live in
Comment by Dr. Abdel-Rahman Zakir, the doctor and psychological counselor, on the novel ... the sexual obsession among some secularists and liberals; Amara Yaqoubian, for example: Secularists and liberals claim to be arbitrary and away from the sexual obsession experienced by the Salafis, for example, and then we find their own dialogues, jokes, narrations, plays, and films revolving around sex astronomy, and even feeding on it, on the pretext of representing reality at times, and on the pretext of pleasure and fun on the other, and perhaps on the pretext of freedom on the other. Example: The narration of the architecture of Yaqoubian, which it and the people who turned it into a visual material, offended the film, and they spread its misfortune to the greatest extent. The writer of the novel claims that he is open and realistic in his presentation, then we find everyone in the novel playing sex in his / her life an important role:. The pasha, the rich man and heir to the pashas, who lives a beastly life in a civilized form is his wealth, Western style, clothing, and mastery of a number of languages, except that all this urbanization feeds into only one thing that occupies his mind and his time, which is between his feet only he knows who Prostitutes are more than what others know. And of course, as the writer, director, and other brothers of the film profession have returned to us, forbidden moments pass a pleasant passage of viewers awareness, accompanied by likable and exciting music at the same time, which makes forbidden sex acceptable. The pathetic matter is those moments when the Pasha performs the prayers of God to include him in his mercy, addressing him to you forgiving, so that the Pasha will come out to us with the image of a good human despite everything, and he will pass on to mention the Pasha later in the story of the toiling girl. And of course, there will be no such role better than the leader of the clowns, whose role is almost applicable to him and his history .. The pasha&#39;s sister, who passes through the novel quickly but influentially, which represents a disgusting layer of the diseases of that class, where her brother fought over the apartment that he inhabits in architecture and tries to He extracted it from him on the pretext that he dirty it with his suspicious behavior and sexual adolescence; here, the pasha replies to her by saying: And you, how many men have you entered this apartment to grow with them a scene that shows us that the family is forbidden forbidden. A recent blessing, the shoe shine boy who soon turned into a millionaire businessman, who shows a flattering of religiosity and hardly leaves his rosary, but he, too, is driven by lust and instinct in its various forms: sex, control, and possession. And it emerges on the surface of these instincts: sex, which is represented in his relentless pursuit of the Halal through a young second wife who loved her as soon as he saw her with her being the widower and mother of a child, this halal, which quickly becomes forbidden through what his wife demands in the bed, and by overthrowing him Jenin got pregnant because he wants to marry sex only this in addition to his refusal to keep her son and his insistence that her son stays with her family in the country without any consideration for the mother’s need for her son and the opposite is important only sex .. a homosexual, young man, heir to the rich parents, who works as a journalist, and who He spends time from his day walking on the street like a wolf looking for a same-sex prey for me Feed it and flirt and create the writer here in an attempt to strike a chord against the injustice of homosexuals .. On the sidelines of the life of a homosexual, it appears that the young man who just came from the countryside where his wife and son, to perform his military service in Cairo, and who the journalist hunts on a sexual hunting trip where He sees and admires him and his manliness, and begins a dialogue with him that leads them to a friendship that passes by going to a restaurant for a dinner meal. There, the gay man tries to lure the villager to his concept of sex, but the villager completely rejects the matter and gets angry and leaves him, so the gay man joins him in a second attempt that ends with them at home in an ambush Abnormal prepared for his rural victim, where j Joel has the Council and begin a dialogue with him innocent ask him about his life in which marital, Vijbrh village as a man satyr and that he is waiting for the leave to return to his wife where he practiced sex with a couple of times per day; which raises more and more abnormal. Here, to complete the pillars of the ambush, the abnormal pornography is played using the video device, so the villager is surprised by what he watches and the viewer takes him to the world of sex that he misses and yearns for, in addition to the influence of wine that the villager consumes as he takes water, and are only moments until the villager finds himself driven by instinct Nationality, for which he finds no bank except the anomaly waiting for him on the bed, so the villager in this description has become a sexual tool only, because he thinks sexually and moves sexually. Ibn al-Bawwab or the Ranger of Architecture, the ambitious young man who quickly turns into a disgrace to the high society, which he rejects and does not encourage, leading him to become a prey in the hands of the terrorists to become a terrorist. Sex plays in the life of this young man more than one role: As for the first role, he loves his neighbor, whose story we will touch shortly after, innocent love, but he soon turns to the sexual view of her after being religious, so he only thinks about the necessity of covering her body, the reason that calls them to separation, then He quickly marries any other female, so that the writer briefly informs us of a scene in his matrimonial bed, and it has become the reporter of Al-Ain. As for the second round, what happens to this young man when he is arrested and tortured by the intelligence services, because they have committed such indecent assault as he mentions himself, which provokes him The burning desire to take revenge on the intelligence officer who killed him End. Sex became the engine of revenge. The toiling girl, Habiba Ibn Al-Bawab, and his female neighbor on the roof of the building, who seeks to live an honorable life with honor, except that she is afflicted with the owner of the store, who is a women&#39;s clothing store that she worked for, and who is known to be harassing his workers and / or practicing sexual practices using some kind of temptation. Money, work, and intimidation. It is known that he usually practices this act in the store. And with her initial refusal to respond, however, her mother orders her to turn a blind eye and seek the summit to live her, and soon responds, and goes to the store with the owner of the store, and shows an aversion to her except that she is forced and the sex does not stop here in the life of this girl; when she leaves work with this man, he knows her One of them is on the pasha to work for, so the pasha likes it immediately after seeing her because he appreciates the female beauty, and he employs it with him; then the relationship soon turns into a girl&#39;s admiration for this pasha who grows her for tens of years, that admiration that turns into a gender and a mattress relationship, without marriage of course At least in the beginning, because they are getting married at the end The novel notes here that sex with the Basha passes pleasant passage on the viewers ’awareness, because he consented to both parties, and an expression of love, even though he previously passed a pleasant passage without love with prostitutes; unlike sex with the shop owner who expresses a state of rape and appears From this, with or without the intention of the writer, that adultery is not harmful, as long as the desire of both parties is at least fulfilled, and it would be preferable if adultery was an expression of love. The Christian merchant, who appears on the sidelines of this girl&#39;s life, knows her and knows it, as she is a neighbor to them and they have previously talked about work. This merchant, tries to communicate with the owner of the store that this girl was working with regarding a certain trade, so he asks her to mediate with him, and hint to her that he knows about the store and that he knows that the owner of the store will not refuse her a request as long as she went to the store, in a cheap attempt from him To use sex to facilitate his work. You see: Sex is like a ghost present in the lives of all of them ... present with strength ... an invisible influence ... Banner: It does not mean that there are many images mentioned in the novel that monitor many meanings in human society, including what is deep and accurate, such as: psychological and social corruption The governmental, and the sick class, including what is superficial and inaccurate, and even false and false, such as: religious style, and Islamic groups. I say: Yes, the novel contains this and that, but I liked here to highlight the sexual obsession in the imagination of those claiming to be free from it.
Two stars for the novel .. and the third for cover and title. Almost everyone can consider any attack of the novel to attack Islam. But the novel Moseltenich for the case that was supposed to live at all, only in simple parts. Even events were expected and so did the end. Very primitive style and language ... and fragile dialogue ... and a weak track of events. When I read the opinions and saw the evaluation before I read it, I imagined that it was a shred of artistic masterpieces .. But my achievement is like what happened in the forty rules of love. Frustration .... It was lacking plot and a better dialogue ... and a slight decrease in the share of debt that was flown in the book: /
Weak. Good restaurant and coffee place. The bathroom is bad, it has a bad smell, and there is no bathtub or Jacuzzi
One of the most books I hated in my life. Silly boring and its writer fond of conspiracy theory
Average service hotel, shabby furniture. The site is only the Dubai Mall and Khalifa Tower. Unpleasant smell in the corridors, rooms, shabby furniture, unclean bathrooms, and a lot of urgency from the hotel staff requesting a tip for the inconvenience level. Shoppers from outside the hotel crowd the hotel residents on the taxi, the hotel lobby is full of Gulf youth, their eyes on the wind, the air, and the receptionist Abdulmutallab did not help me solve a problem related to the hotel.
Finally I finished the ridiculous novel. And that Dell has an unimpaired old dog. Thus are the practitioners of love experienced men. Thus, women immersed in love. A fool who loves forgiveness ... takes an approach. With those who take a sin against her as a whim .. his path. This is about the content of the novel, as for its construction and plot. Ever since a novel I loved you has shown us that she is not quite a novelist as she is fluent in writing fictional thoughts in a smooth and easy way. I failed to tell a man by following the same method of loving you from lengthy, lengthy, and mentioning the details in an exaggerated way. I think she distorted this novel the best of what she wrote and her first novel loved you and demonstrated early literary bankruptcy
disappointing. Only the food is good and the dishes are less than normal.
I wrote before that I read the Anxiety Bank to Tawfiq Al-Hakim because he said in the book Awakening Awareness that he tried to explain to Nasser or the regime the extent of injustice or fear that was present at that time ... In the Anxiety Bank he hinted a simple hint .. But in the novel this is not any final hint of a ruling Naser. Bad play. The king of the Mamluk days discovered once that he had no servant and no one freed him, so the king said there is no problem with the one who says that I have no servant. He cut off his head or say that the former king has taken care of me. The important thing is that they made an imaginary auction and stipulated that whoever buys the king must be freed from it at the same point .. Who bought the king? A famous one is a prostitute, so I bought him and said this is a royal bug, and I will not hug him and spend with me at least a day at home ... All to the people around the king until the judge tried to cheat because the king is emancipated. Not a prostitute and sells praise ... But praise be to God, and morning and spirit walked over their house. I mean, I understand, I am from the story that the prostitute came up with a girl who was divorced, and that people are just around the king, brutal, and he is a man who wants to abide by the law, or what, so that he does not burn dolls
The novel is neither good nor bad, the events in it were felt in a traditional order, and I cannot help in the struggle against which the novel is based ... just a description of the life of one Egyptian working in East Germany ... I expected the novel to be deeper than that, but its sensuality is very superficial ....
I liked very much extracts from it .. I liked the writer’s proximity to the Egyptian street, as if he was one of the members of that coffee in the Egyptian suburbs .. For the first time I liked the Egyptian colloquial meeting with classical… As for the essence, it is classified as a dismal politician, who is not satisfied with the conditions in Various circumstances for me, which do not appeal to me at all ....... Ahmed Mehanna I wish that it was a purely romantic novel as it bears its name that meaning ...
Weak. crew. Unpleasant smells from the kitchen
Peck
A book that is said to be his seat on the estuary .. Distorted all the beautiful pictures of romantic figures Qais and Leila and the arguments de just between that the man is just something that deals with him with certain rules, such as the issue of his misstatement, keep his steps, think of the end of the book, mentioning affection and mercy based on life. He is better than his first book, but Brdo needs improvement, more and more
Very weak. nothing. Fail from the failed
Travel news. . The reception services are poor, they are unable to deal, and they do not contact
The book started its enthusiasm, I felt that I was a hairdresser, like the mystery of life and the riddle of death. I recommend it to those who have no idea of Sufism
Life and death are oil and water, they do not merge as much as they come together, the higher the level of one of them, the lower the other.
I will not repeat the visit ... . The reception staff is little compared to the role..the room cleanliness is bad..without a cleanliness..the price of the last night is more expensive than our first two days..and there is nothing more .. in general there are better places..we will not return the ball ..
I don&#39;t like Nizar&#39;s poems so much ... but I like Balqis&#39; poem
Below the imposed level. There are cockroaches in the tea. Not we add
Presentations and photos do not apply with reality. I like walking to mosques, and the far distance does not bother me .. The pictures shown do not correspond to reality. The distance to the sanctuary is more than a meter, not minutes of Wi-Fi. The inconvenience of the neighbors&#39; children is interrupted after midnight. Delayed room service, space less than the smell of cigarette smoke, hotel restaurant prices, exaggerated, room price does not match reality, the laundry needs phone maintenance, star rating does not work
I am not romantic ... and because these two stars are enough, from one point of view, it is not romantic.
Pvvv .. seven stages of banality
After Yusuf Zaidan exposed us to his doctrinal doctrine in the revolution, he decided to try to astonish us again with his understanding of love. As if the man thought himself to be Gibran Khalil Gibran for the twenty-first century, unaware of the insignificance of what he wrote.
Weak. . Service is poor, not helpful crew
A very silly narration, a student has one year of author, the style of stretching and lengthening in it, I am proud that I can not complete it, and his regret that I originally opened it
The writing is a question and answer on very separate topics, there is no link between them .. And I think it is an interview by Saad Al-Bazzaz published in Al-Sharq Al-Awsat newspaper. The name Al-Wardi was developed as a book propaganda and its market was popular with God, the world is .. the style is very slow and resentful with great resentment during reading and reluctantly completed it, there is no correlation and no relationship between the sentence and the other and no analysis of the topics mentioned, but the perpetual mention of the facts. Most of the book&#39;s sentences are beginning with ... and similar to: The sky is beautiful ... Earth is round. Man is an animal ... .... I do not think that this book can be considered among the books of Al-Wardi, and I am inclined to what the brothers said in this topic published in the Lilas Forum ..: //. . // . Although I have great reservations about the person called Al-Shamaa, an incident occurred to me with him on the Facebook page, and I am shocked when I smelled a stinking Ba&#39;athist smell of it. Dr. Al-Wardi took advantage of the title of the book, which Al-Wardi announced that he was unable to complete, which is the book of human nature .. So they put the name of Al-Wardi as an author because the interview took place with him, and they misrepresented the title of his book, which he declared unable to complete, and they named their book in human nature.
Unfortunately, the poor version of men is no longer the same
Educate the crew. I liked their dealings from a year now, no. Wi-Fi services are bad, with a dirham amount of cash for one hour and bad mobile. Plumbing the toilet is bad. I did not find the spaciousness that I had before. I found a room and two room reservation, then he said how then he left me and went to the next office and was a little late then came back and told me that there are no places and when I entered I found that I completed the reservation of what it means that he closed the reservations and he said, check with me in the afternoon and when I came back he said that there is and the price will be more than the previous one dirhams so I told him Is that so? Color Zubaan and I told him that will come out shortly after and went Aoill my item and if it relates to say another Shi means that AED discount kissed and then extended the day with several of the same value and Kinmen for my family stayed and will not rifled again if it continues to treat them and exploitation of customers
disappointing. The reception is very good. We changed our reservation to an ordinary apartment from an apartment with a balcony, and they disgraced us with this movement
disappointing. Chalet location and design only. The lack of staff and staff is very poor and unhelpful. It takes them a very long time to meet the customer&#39;s services from cleaning, laundry and delivery to the restaurant.
Very weak. . Breakfast is comprehensive, but upon arrival, a request to pay for breakfast is made, and this is not an obligation to the agreement.
An uncomfortable stay full of cramps and inconsistent with the tunnels. Location. The elevators are insufficient and used by the service elements. The sound of the elevators reaches the rooms, which disturbs the TV channels very shallow and incomplete, and there are no Arab news channels, as there are few movie channels, and the entire MBC channels are not available. I only work under a heater and needs to wait before the water comes for at least half an hour. The reception staff are uncooperative and their English is broken and they are drowned in an inch of hot air conditioning. I am idle in the hotel. My remarks about more than one room in the hotel are a single room.
Quite bad stay. . After the hotel is off the women&#39;s chapel, the hotel staff treats you as if they were free to go, the cleaners have cards that open the door for you and enter the family owners: make sure to close the door with the key to sleep.
The novel is good and the writer&#39;s story style is embellished and calls for reading and away from boredom. As for the content, I liked the way of dealing with the concept of women&#39;s freedom in a way that deals with the ideas of many and how to deal with it well as well, but I have a strong reservation on the historical information related to modern and contemporary history, the writer did not provide history in a way Real or, more precisely, the historical facts that this part contained in the third part is a story that has a lot of forgery in it, which made me, as a reader, lose its sense of the writer&#39;s credibility with regard to ancient history, if the writer is trying to explain from her point of view about historical matters live Naha, we are subject to discussion, and it is not permissible for her to present it in a way that makes it appear a historical fact, and for the honesty, future generations will accept the matter as real, and this contradicts honesty and makes me feel a great deal of betrayal of truth and history, I cannot accept such errors. In order to have the right, dear writer, to judge things from your point of view as you wish, but your point of view must remain within the scope of the point of view in order to preserve your full freedom when declaring it, but when you discuss your point of view in literary work as the truth, this is a big mistake and a real betrayal of the truth and of history and for generations The leaders
Very weak. Nothing at all, and this place cannot be called a hotel .. filthy, the air conditioner stops operating the entire lighting .. I found very human waste in the filth inside the elevator. I left the hotel immediately, did not sit there for more than an hour, and went to another hotel.
Ending Ajam .... The Baghdad trilogy of Sinan Anton ends ... Oh Mary, alone the pomegranate tree, Ajam ..... but the latter does not rise to the level of her sisters. And on the bridge of the Masib Siboni
This book is similar to a very ugly woman who works as a prostitute, asking for cheapness ... for a decline in literary taste.
Weak. It was OK. There is a new attachment and they didn&#39;t tell us
Revolting ..
Always Salah Jaheen .. brief, useful and moving ..
I did not like the story ... I don&#39;t think Khawla is his writer
Reasonable stay, spoiled by delivery service. Breakfast is limited. Delivery is very, very bad and times are far between
Chicago is a first-class sexual novel in which Alaa Al-Aswany dives into the most accurate sexual secrets of the protagonists, displaying the pre-revolutionary period and the doctrinal, intellectual and cultural diversity of the Egyptian people ... Egyptian society through the multiplicity of classes that the protagonists do not belong to. By the way, I do not respect Alaa Al-Aswany. On the professional path, I enjoy reading his works .. The novel, but it increases your experiences and information provided by the writer .. Alaa Al-Aswany ...... experience
Very bad . I like nothing. The level is very low
Lord, I was doing what in my world:. I read more than one thing I did not like and I needed psychologically a romance novel, grinding as they say. I needed a retelling novel, I believe in love again and needs like this. I remembered such a friend of mine advised me to tell a girl from paper and I had read it in my mind reading it for more than a year. But because it is a page I was postponing that. I read the rural reviews of Goddreds, and I found everyone surprised, so I said, this is the right moment to read the novel. When I was a little teenager, I loved reading the series Ahlam and Abeer. But it is clear that I grew older, my group, and what I hahahahahaha. The truth was the novel was one of the most ridiculous in my life I read the stories of Abeer and Ahlam, more merciful. Of course, I will not talk about the idea of the novel because it is not a new idea, and I think that eating such an idea in the movie Ruby Sparks was much better than eating it here. The idea can be repeated and whatever may be palatable, but the problem is the whole problem in dealing with it at work. First of all I have to admit, and I am doing so very little that the translation is really bad. But with a love story, I have a willingness to take up the shoulder:. The beginning of the story itself felt like I was on a Mexican series The Dialogs The joke is very heavy, unjustified throughout the novel. Draw the characters that made me lose the ability to distinguish between them had it not been for the names. Guys, I myself am sweet in romantic novels, but this novel is a failure by all standards. Too many events have been strangely intertwined for lengthening, lengthening, then lengthening. And the painful thing was that I knew the end since Billy&#39;s first appearance and I said to myself, not from. It is impossible for the writer to write the end in mind. I did not feel any kind of feelings inside the novel and did not sympathize with anyone, but I did not feel any character at all. Is this a sign of my old age or what?
Two and a half stars. A big difference between curiosity and interest. One of the readers compared a novel and after Dan Brown’s novels in terms of the writer’s interest in the events and details that made him dwell on the names of songs, places, car brands and the colors of the pullovers, this comparison was very successful .. some people may think that this brings the novel closer to the reader, this view in my opinion has It is true if the novel is of the adventurous type like Dan Brown&#39;s novels with which you feel that a bucket of information has spilled over your head relentlessly, but you enjoy that because you read a novel based on successive events and moving from one place to another and from one country to another, so it is useful for you to know These details are like p Tourist and cultural tour does not end .. But this novel, they are addressing the subject of a complex which is whether our lives we lead is another life we will see? Is there a presence after death? In fact, the novel did not answer this question and did not even come close to answering. It branched into human problems such as our hasty judgment on others, and like the problem of the protagonist, Natan, who wants to prove to his wife that he is promoted at work, that he really deserves it despite the fact that she is understanding and does not need this proof, so Drowning Natan In the downward spiral of work and his relationship with his wife worsens, and since the events of the novel take place in Manhattan, of course, it must be mentioned the effect of gasping behind money and influence on the disintegration of relations, and there is nothing wrong with a shooting incident to clarify the tragedy of the Americans in the issue of leniency with carrying arms .. These successive events and many details came At the expense of the novel, film The writer is able to address the central theme of the novel, and human touches lost in its collage, and I missed lines that I do not read from the boredom of details that do not add anything .. Therefore, my follow-up to the novel as a follow-up of a follow-up American movie I follow without real interest and enjoyment, it is curiosity and not interest that made me complete The novel until the end, and in record time, only one day. And, as is my customary judgment on the novel, if it is distinctive, I ask myself: Will I read it again? Will I be interested in occupying a place in my small library? Unfortunately, despite the small surprise that the writer surprised us at the end of his novel, which some may see interesting, it has no place, but my idea of suspense in human narratives is to chew every page slowly, that the author delves into describing the feelings and thoughts of his characters, and that I hope the novel does not end instead From that I hope you end up saturating my curiosity no more .. if you have read a novel. . Or watched the movie. You&#39;ll know exactly what I mean by that magical suspense.
Very weak. Storage of bags for a long time.
Sleep only. The location of the hotel. The beds are uncomfortable with blankets
Very weak. Excellent location close to everything. Cleanliness is very weak. I changed the room because I went to the sewer
Disturbance . . Disturbed because the clock is in the morning
Tired . There is no. Going up to the hotel is tired because it is the tallest mountain
Too bad ..... I do not recommend it. Nothing to be honest. The smell of the place .... the reservation did not match .... frankly, a very unsuccessful experience
Bad . The location is convenient and the decor is very good. The staff did not do their job to the fullest extent and the cleanliness is bad
I wished that Al-Qabbani was satisfied with the shadow government, so the novel about the return of the absent is a filling of characters and events, a failed attempt to make another part.
Whoever reads this book and knows Dr. Ghazi’s style well realizes that the book, even at the end of this book, is incomplete and incomplete.
Boring translation: English could be better
Very weak. The reception staff is not pleasant and does not improve customer handling. Receptionist and his treatment is very tired
Not bad and of course not wonderful ,, my first experiences with Dr. Hassan Alwan ,, I think it did not impress me to that extent or even to the extent that I eagerly accepted another reading ,, full of artificial gestures if they did not turn into a thinness added to the subject A lot of shallowness ,, a story that does not deserve to be written on the one hand, the bored hero who has gone crazy and far at the same time. He pays for himself the boredom, the worst of it is his view of the death of his parents as a new experience that pushes the boredom, Sofia as a human condition Its worth blogging ,, but Rfbtha in the desecration of her innocence Vaft in order to test everything in life before exiting was not Otqublh subject and the content Tqublth
Sometimes I feel difficult to understand Naguib Mahfouz, especially in the stories. But his simple, refined style remains timeless and also remains a mirror of a society that has not changed for nearly a hundred years. And if the surrounding circumstances change. I did not understand many stories, perhaps because they are covered in a kind of mystery, but they were not without many meanings and more sermons. I was taken by a sentence at the end of the crime story. It summarizes the state of Al-Mahrousa, the condition of its people, and their unjust relationship with the authorities. I will write that all values are wasted but security is stable
Weak. The staff are helpful. There is no cleanliness
The style of the writer is what made me keep reading and I do not stop or the story is the same I did not like it because I loved you too much, the two stars of the writing language
She got rid of her and from many of the characters, I don&#39;t know this is Maine, nor is she who is her husband. She is tired and put in her the certificates of God, the most sincere of them. They can be good, but for me to forget. Tragedy
disappointing. Location only. The lack of hygiene, the presence of insects, and the absence of water in the bathroom other than bad smells
I have no idea what I was reading, much like a commercial series
If there was less than one star, he would have deserved .. The book is divided into two parts: the human mind and logic part, and the other part the challenges of the companions, may God be pleased with all of them .. I had noticed before this sectarian neutrality that did not even help me to discover his doctrine. But as soon as I started the second part, the sudden transformation took place and his bias appeared, and he began to degrade the companions. Uthman carried sedition and insulted him with Muawiya and Abu Hurairah, may God be pleased with all of them, and this is not what my religion pleases him and my soul does not accept .. He talks about sedition ate forever, explaining it according to his love and doctrine as an example to impose his poisoned ideas. He did not respect the minds of Muslims or their approach .. He mentioned at the beginning of his book that there is someone who begins his book neutrally, and as soon as the book ends until we find its owner transmits the transfer evidence that proves the validity of his pointless insults and insults. And he who is pink is following the path of its owner. Whoever reads the book and does not have a background about the sedition that occurred during the era of the Companions, may God be pleased with them, it is a calamity because it contains amalgamated facts that only reflect the truth and opinion of its author. God suffices us and yes, the agent .. In the end, I do not deny that the writer&#39;s style in the first part is empowered and cynical, calling for the expansion of the circle of thinking, but the last part affected my opinion of the book as a whole.
Trite commercial novel a waste of time.
Marina Hotel Apartments. . The level of hygiene and housing is on the first floor and the TV is only in the hall
I did not like the hotel and I will not book a second time. Its proximity to the campus only. The rooms are not clean and there is no daily cleaning. The bathroom is never clean, to the point that we found worms in the bathroom. The price is high in Ramadan. The entrance to the hotel is very difficult.
A very boring book:
I reached the first page and decided that I would not read it again. The feelings in it are beautiful, but as a novel ... Unfortunately, the narrative style is very bad. Not fun, tell a piece. I am not insulting from the author of the novel or its subject .. But these papers do not rise to be a novel with this huge number of rural advisers advised to read:
Hattan, a young man who fell in love with his cousin, Hanin, whose mother refused to marry him on the pretext of her lacking mute. The focus of the story is not just here ... there are events before and after love. The end of the story is clear from the beginning of its pages ... but it is only the events and their sequence that move us between the pages. My review for the novel is one star for its beautiful theme. How bad the novel was linguistically and orthographically, and this made me stop reading it for nearly months
In a very elegant cover, I still admire it, and in a very elegant luxury edition, I wish very preciously. The sunrise presented a novel. I will not be able to say weak, but I sensed it is an Arabic movie. I felt that I read the words of my shove before that. I was reluctantly, and I was very upset and I was sincere and I did not want to judge it except at the end of the page, a beautiful idea spoiled by dull, repetitive and sometimes monotonous details, in which there are paragraphs completely that I did not read, so that there is nothing new, actually, as my friend Ibrahim Adel said that in it Villages are better than the novel itself This is when I am stunned in Mansi Qandil.
. . The building does not know anything called the cleanliness of one remote in the whole building to control the air conditioners. Reception is one of the worst, unfortunately I was tired and paid and the amount cannot be recovered
I finished reading a world without maps, praise be to God, I found that the more I drowned in the pages of this work, the more I found me, and the questions remained with me even after I finished it ... Aladdin Najib and the story of his love for Najwa al-Amriya, which I found dead, is the focus of the work, but I found that I drowned in everything In this work, with the exception of Alaa’s relationship with Ameriya ... Hossam Al-Raad is the man who deserved more light. He is the protagonist of the novel who used to read the chapters in which he is mentioned ... As a work that was written by coherent and smooth novelists, despite that I went through some passages and whispered I did not write this except Munif, and as an evaluation of this novel, I put it at the bottom of my list To Unfortunately, it is not bad but Munif wrote the most beautiful of them ..
His reputation is greater than his services. . Elevators ... parking .. the restaurant ...
Disturbance . Location. Nuisance and maintenance, and the traveler wants to rest
A Gulf series that carries a lot of triviality, literary flavor.
My dream ... your linguistic mistakes, dear, please. Regardless of everything nice in the book, but these are not articles I would have accepted more if it had written notes .. hirta .. silver, ideas ... my aunt&#39;s stories ... etc. but articles? Excuse me ? Meaning, and printing a book, cover, and cost .. The topic is not worthy of God, and then Ahmed, my dream, it is an official, unfortunately, it is not responsible for you to act ... the comedy that you have read is capable of delivering it to you and your programs and, but you are far from writing please
Weak. . Visitors are not allowed, even if only one person and a man of Filipino nationality treat her very badly
I have never enjoyed reading it, nor have I discerned the wonderful language of Alwan I am used to.
On Saturday evening at the Al-Aqeeq branch .. I sat and asked for the menus ... and I waited for an hour and nobody crossed me..I simply got out .... Attention ... Zero
The service was not completed. Unfortunately, I was not served to impress. I have booked through the website and my reservation is being canceled for no reason
If the devil is a mixture of counterfeiting and adorning, then the devil&#39;s structure is professional ..
Excellent . Excellent hotel, excellent location. Everything invites you to book this hotel. Thank you.
disappointing. . I did not like the level of stay at the Bukking site. It was mentioned that the facility is four stars, but the reality is that the rooms and their contents are half-star and the amount we paid for the room is exaggerated for this level. Since it is four stars this is bad
a novel?. . Lewd laughs
At the beginning of the novel, he began to leak inside me, doubt that it would be about the girl’s struggle with her mother to complete the study, or with a person she would meet, but it would be the opposite of the character that she wants to share her dreams, so she stays in conflict with him and then turns to her future and becomes the person that she wants to be. But that suspicion turned into a certainty that the novel would not be like this when I met Kamal and told her that he would not make her complete her studies and would not work. Hence she resented, would she agree to that and sell her dreams in a moment? This question remained in my mind and my hatred began to increase for a Semitic character after I liked her at the beginning .. I did not like the plot upon which the events were based, Kamal sees a Semitic image so he takes the one in which she is next to her mother to show her the need first and then surprises her that he will not marry the mother but will marry the child who I grew up, when I read that scene, I expected that there is something in the history of the mother, something that the need will discover, and in my opinion, if that surprise arises, for example, when Samia makes her mother meet Kamal and finds out for himself who his father is, or Kamal&#39;s father comes his son to Samia’s house, and there the surprise occurs The novel turns into a struggle of love between two individuals because of the past&#39;s past And the mother, and from here the mother begins to tell the story, that would have been a more surprise to the readers, and my opinion about the novel would have shifted and I gave her a higher evaluation than that, especially since the plot was based on the belief that they are brothers so that made me read the novel just to know the events without longing .. also I didn&#39;t like it either The principle of serendipity upon which the novel is based, the more serendipity makes me start to feel bored, the girl loves a son who is in the position of her mother, and Anwar the daughter of that mother’s friend falls in love with the daughter, all of them in the same institute, and that friend goes to the husband to make him understand the whole thing And the matter ends without any struggle over the present to pay for any To in the past .. Aallmell. The only goodness in that novel remains the style of the Seven who always attracts me is his beautiful expressions.
Unsatisfactory . Dislike anything and exaggerated the price twice. Everything I did not like about entering the departure
I did not give the reception, greeted me with grins, a red face, and the situation passed safely. nothing. You must ask many times and look for hours to fix the holidays .. The rooms are not equipped with the necessary form and the talk goes on
The longest time to read a novel. The novel contained realistic needs that I liked and a number of sentences were echoed .. I liked its criticism of traditions in the form that I did this thing and the opposite of the conflict with the soul .. It was dear against traditions and Jumana with it .. the thing and against it was sweet in understanding the feelings of the Saudis contradictory in dealing with the traditions of their society. Sorry .. Ather did not excite me, the style of telling you on your behalf dear .. As if you were scarred, not tired. The dignity of Jumana, who was lost in five years of love, provoked me ... I was provoked by her willingness to lose a dead year, too, but to realize her only dream. Her only dream..and he was a man..and we told us on the end of the first page in the novel so I couldn’t be excited that I know the events. The end would have been better for Al-Nisbali if it had already ended with Aziz..At least I would have felt that her attempt had succeeded and that she had triumphed in the end a sham victory .. she recovered part of her dignity. But I did not ... I felt that I was reading notes that were not a meaningful novel. This can be the reality of most girls, but it is not a reality that we have to accept. I wish all the girls differ from the base ... the poor, oppressed, and weak girl base and what is complicated, so the opposite remains cool
A simple novel and a story that is widely circulated in Arab society .. What made me give it to this calendar is the fact that it is only a transmission of events..and as if it was just an article that was desirable to be in a newspaper instead of being printed as a book.
The book is sweet, but it could have been much sweeter ... The principle of the title is sweet and attracts attention and the idea of taking up the hysterical personality and mentioning information about it and explaining its suffering Interesting, for example, it was best presented through a story or positions so that the book is more obscure in the beginning and the idea is clarified near the end .. Generally, a good start, I am sure that what will come will be better, God willing.
The location is just excellent. Proximity to the sanctuary.
A sweet book for those interested in philosophical and existential doctrines
Moscow is a Russian hotel by name only, located in the Philippines. Official uniforms of the ceramics The Ukrainian music band performed by Beethoven Bach ... The housekeeping staff, suitcases, the bar manager Lisa and the bar staff were nice. The laundry is deducting the amount of an extra bed and they did not attend it at all. The internet is not free. The English language is weak and there is no smile. I have reception staff. Difficulty to get an official taxi. I mean the fee.
The stars of the novel were born because the text of the novel was a masterpiece, but I don&#39;t know what happened to it after the story of the seventh curse. The end was well-deserved five-star book
I relaxed the poetic language, and hoarded details and repetition, nothing came to me, I did not feel anything, I read it bored .. the whole novel was in the last two letters
The exaggerated effort to choose and draw expressions and beautify the language greatly affected the flow of narration and found a good amount of boredom
I did not pray or did not understand. I want to say what in the first part, but the second part of the book is acceptable. I liked stories.
Level is much lower than the star. The restaurant. There is no good organization or reception
Boring in an ugly way. I stopped reading it. I tried more than once to complete the reading, but unfortunately this is the first time in my life that I cannot complete a book. :
I did not like it, I ended it with difficulty .. Why? I do not know
disappointing. nothing. everything
A hotel not worth the accommodation. nothing. There are repairs, inconvenience and the price is not suitable for services
Were it not for the waiting times that were not with me other than this paper book, my entire time would not have occurred. I had to read it. I am a biographer, but the truth is Radwa, who disappointed me in this book, until almost the text of which I was deciding that he would take one star, but in the text there were sweet details about her son Tamim and her disciple, who loved her very much ... From my diary //:. In the corridors of the library, I don’t know why I felt that Radwa Ashour was walking by my side, or was I on my way to it? I used to imagine that I would chatter a lot with her all the time, and that I was just waiting for her to finish her work and he talked to me extensively and answered my existential questions, she listened to me as no one had heard me before, and that she would supply me with a portion of the energy of optimism that she was providing others, perhaps because the effect of my reading of her autobiography was still Saria Ali? Despite my many criticisms of her, my star and my review on the reading site for her autobiography? He was feeling nostalgic, light and a little sad. It is not the first time that this has happened to me. It is only a side effect of being influenced by any book I read. Sometimes I imagine that a writer will jump from the shelves and embrace me
Very weak. The breakfast is delicious. Cleanliness and service
The little princess abandoned. For every pride. Knight taught her modesty as a woman. For the twentieth time after the thousand. I die before my death. In the habitat of the great burials
Weak. Cleanliness.
Peace Hymn. One way or another, you will find something of you in this story. Perhaps you find peace while you are going on your life. The language of the writer is very simple and does not complicate it. Quiet, traditional narrative style. Briefly :. The novel is,. Faded woolen palette and features
I gave him four stars because I never understood how Ghada published these messages, until I very much enjoyed this book, Ghassan Kanafani is great no matter how he wrote.
Weak. . Cleanliness is not up to standard
Very weak. . The amount is very high for the room
I don’t know why Mr. Mohamed Hassan Alwan has not lost his writing talent in bad stories. I read enough ceiling for him, the story was not as beautiful as his language and style, and now Sofia has barely completed it just because I promised myself to finish all the books in my library. My rating is only one star for its language:
Dear reader, if you expect to read in the book What is behind death about the horrors and events of death and on the Day of Resurrection, this will not happen, but you will read about matters of life and humanity, and you will find it. It has to do with eternal life. Others are related to the political situation. Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud decides the issue that man is free or free, and why God created him, and he explains the widespread mistake and the difference between the soul, the body and the soul. To download the book &quot;What is behind death&quot; from this link. : //. /
A very miserable stay at this hotel. Location only. Cleaning services deal lying bad reception
Not on the level of the rest of her books. But it&#39;s good
It is clear that the main objective of the book is to discredit the Muslim Brotherhood. The book begins by preparing you for the big secret that will be revealed in its pages, and it talks about that members of the Brotherhood are merely followers of stylized will, as it talks about the Masonic of Sayyid Qutb, the relationship of the Muslim Brotherhood to the Mason, and many things are difficult to believe .. Then in the end the great secret is revealed that the Brotherhood has a battalion in The Egyptian army and they are seeking to impose their control on the army. . Of course, the recent events in Rabi&#39;a have proven that what was mentioned in this book is all empty and narrated
The reception staff is the worst interviewed in Dubai. Location and view. The reception is poor and not welcoming, as if you live in honesty
Mahmoud Shoukry is clear about the reality of the poor in the occupation of Morocco, especially the northern side. On his adventures, travels, and travel, and on his relationships with women, he reviews the milestones of the childhood of the dear that he has lived, poverty, illiteracy, cruelty, and sex. These are generally the most important things that Mahmoud Shukri touched upon in his biography before reaching the age of twenty. All in all, I was not impressed by his style, the beauty of the language, its eloquence, nor the bad words that I used, which in my view did not add anything to the story. But I completed it because, despite all the tragedies and sorrows that Shukri experienced, he is telling us about the reality of the underworld with great courage, and if it was exaggerated, it transmits fear, pain, and poverty to us, unfortunately, still today, broad groups still share the same facts of this underworld.
In the beginning, I am opposed to translating a Radical word into a revolutionary word, but it is closer to perverted or extremist, whether meaning the word or a description of the Assassin Squad. First, the events found a disorganized and distorted presentation. The way the events were presented made me vulnerable to dispersion. There are also parts of the book that have no added value to the book but the book in the form of A very good year for anyone reporting information on the Assassin Squad
Who has thought of me and tried to forget about it? Understand me. Who is the one who hit the ground too? It flops gently and calmly. Ali my grave ..?
After the price, contrary to the reservation I was shocked. nothing. Everything is calling from the rooms, there is no response to the extra bed, the sofa is broken, the kitchen needs are missing, and the old bed is uncomfortable, and the covers are tired.
The last time I lived in this hotel. The place is strange from services. Failure to provide beds for children
I thought I was much better than this. . The employee at the reception was grim, the car garage was very tight as my car did not go in, imagine that the kiss sign and the carpet were missing, the person in charge of the restaurant was looking at us as if we were eating at his expense ...
Unfortunately, I did not quite like it. I reached the page and did not complete it. We can say that linguist, literary and rhetoric, if the novel entered a competition that would certainly be among the first, but I am neither critical nor wanting to remain critical, I am reading a role on a sweet novel. I felt that the writer was bewildered to learn difficult vocabulary and phrases, so there was no smoothness in the narration. In a long period of events, I got to the novel, and there was no need, but one of them said that there are no jobs in the workplace, and I have not met to some extent, the sheikh of the Atastalou Mosque, so that he works temporarily in a library, to some extent, there is no need worthy of my testimony. Anyone who recites the style of recounting my rhetoric, sweet, will like the novel, who will tell about events that you will not like
disappointing. There is nothing striking to me, many resorts that come with new things and these specifications I have not seen in the resort. The services in some resorts were not present in this resort, and the prices are also high compared to the services provided by the resort,
Strange ,, I like the idea. A strong start, a weak end, and a few details are not known if this is the style of the writer, and no, but not the same as what happened in the doll box. It is true that I concluded it in one day, but I did not expect the end of this very sincere, especially since the most recent of these was powerful for more than the text of the novel and the idea of adhering to the novel was at the end, which is neither it nor the end.
Inmate misfortune. Suhoor is good. The reception crew is very bad. I arrived at twelve o&#39;clock in the evening and there is reservation in the bookings and they took procrastination by the Egyptian in charge of them. After that, I lived in the room. After I returned from the campus, I discovered that people entered the room and used to find it and found boxes of Pepsi and water. On the Al-Otaibi employee when I asked him to program the room entry card, is this unfortunately considered to be safe?
I will tell a story that I read any need written on it a princess and salvation:
Patients . The cleanliness, comfort and treatment of the crew have not waited much in and out. There are no wipes in the room, no hairdo, no toothbrush, no shoes, the bathroom, and the Star hotel. The room cannot accommodate four people. There are only nine people in reservation. Two small beds were added, and they are not overlooking the sanctuary as in the reservation. with it
Book name: The Fall of the Islamic World Author / Dr. Hamed Abdel Samad Number of pages / genre / desirable articles. A few minutes ago, I published a review of the book “Renewing the Islamic Discourse” by Dr. Al-Bakkar and now with the other side of the makers of the ideological scene in the nation these days. Closer to the disgrace of the Muslims and their conditions, and this in civilization is similar to the one who complains about the disease and does not provide medicine, and he summarized the goal or the subject according to his words in what I want the reader to understand is that my goal is not to vilify Islam nor defend it in this. The book; rather, I am trying to deal with a sick entity called the Islamic world from one perspective. Analytical critical consideration. The patient does not recover by closing his eyes to the truth and ignoring the prescriptions. Medication, but self-confrontation and realization of where the underlying disease lies. The patient needs that. He admits he is sick first. We say, indeed, the Islamic nation is ill and the Islamic civilization has been deteriorating for centuries, and this is a reality and everyone is trying to give it treatment once by dumping in reactionary ISIS, Jamia, groups and movements, all claiming to possess the absolute truth and monopolizing them with the knowledge of predecessors and predecessors, and they are unfortunately ignorant, excessive deviation from reality and others alienating in all their multiple directions. And the branched and between this and that, the grumbling of the disease continues without providing the appropriate medicine .. The book is really just a personal impression, not more than a set of articles, all based on personal experiences that cannot be generalized, but it affects a lot in the diagnosis, especially when he told his colleague the doctor Muhammad, this device is one year old and free. No one can oppose the causes of civilization based on science, work, grandfather, diligence and enlightenment, but art, culture and literature and everything that is classified as a component of civilization, but the main point of difference lies in the amount of taking. While the reactionaries insist on boycotting and Westerners overstretch the mixture, there is the moderation that sees in The West is a civilized peer that has exceeded an age of time, and the nation must now be revived in order to assume its natural position without a new civilizational clash .. The writer has missed many successful Islamic experiences such as Turkey, Indonesia, Malaysia, and even some of the Gulf countries that have adopted urbanization and development .. as well as a Significant evidence of the failure of his vision of the Islamic world is this spirit that has traveled in the nation and led to the fall of the tyrannical regimes in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya, Yemen and Syria and this uprising that will renew the blood of this nation .. I did not like the repetitive melancholy tone throughout the book and in all seasons as it resembles a child who is crimped from Father .. Also choose two titles for each chapter, for example. Introduction .. or the East is burning. Dynamite called history .. Or please do not take an infection from me. Cave owners .. Or the problem of one who sees only his shadow. When did the defect begin? .. or the long farewell to Islamic civilization. Modernity and modernity ... or the thorny path of Muslims towards enlightenment. What is this?
I expected to read the most beautiful of these poems. Perhaps because of her autobiography that the Diwan looked like, or perhaps because I have read beautiful texts elsewhere. The important thing disappointed my expectations. :
Very weak. There is nothing beautiful about it. All his services are bad and not as they say on their site during reservation, no service, internet or anything
The book drew at the end and became boring and heavy on the soul. The language is difficult, but it opens your eyes to the way the Egyptians spoke in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. The book contains sweet gestures that can be linked to reality and clearly express the Egyptian character. I hope to finish it as soon as possible:
His views at the beginning of the book were straightforward with regard to the Arabs, politics and people, carrying a lot of clarity and perhaps a lot of understanding and affection, but it did not add to me much .. nor did it carry a explosive result or something extraordinary as I imagined. I found some wit in his surprise of the finer things we might see from. Trivia We do not give her, except by virtue of the length of coexistence or lack of familiarity with the alternative. Throughout the book&#39;s pages ... he commented on the issue of material and physical outcomes of religiosity through his knowledge of one of his Arab colleagues at the University of Tokyo who was a religious Muslim performing the assumptions away from the forbidden ... So he asked: What has this friend reached in his life? What has he achieved? How did he return to this long religious struggle ?? And compare this religious Muslim who remained in his place for a year during which he did not progress or delay in the fields of life, and the religious Buddhists in Japan .. It was a beautiful comparison ... alerted me to the intransigence and intense routine that may afflict the religious Muslim..not return to creativity and innovation and learn new Makan .... I think what will remain with me from this book is the writer&#39;s infatuation with the desert first and the Bedouin second .. I preferred him as a philosopher rather than a political analyst .. I was determined to go to the mainland, perhaps I find beauty of what he found
Weak. Side by side and news and Dammam. The gunman is not very miserable and the window is small. The window opens completely and this is dangerous, knowing that the small child can reach the hole so it has to be fixed while in the room the bathroom did not like the narrow parking. The hotel deserves two stars
Very bad . I booked and when I went to stay I didn&#39;t find the room empty, it is very bad to meet the receptionist, the location is bad. nothing
The novel is the simple type that reads quickly. The idea that society rejects a healthy man marrying a dumb girl is raised. I liked the novel touched on this topic. In general, I did not like the novel, the owner of my reading has a subconscious feeling. I did not like the use of the speech pronoun a lot. The birth of his love is strange, and in fact, I never consider it as love. No love is born without seeing faces, I do not mean by this to demonstrate the importance of facial beauty in order to generate love, but a person cannot love someone who is unaware of his features. It is an imperfect love focused on the beauty of her eyes. My objections:. First: You cannot love a person who is unaware of the features of his face, as this is more like an imaginary love that is unimaginable and is not truly felt. Second: Love is a situation and no positions have taken place between them when the imaginary love is born showing the merits of its morals or others .. Third: Love cannot be born using virtual worlds such as e-mail and Skype, and if one of them is prepared that he has been born, then it is virtual love. Fourth: A gift offered by his beloved will be in the form of taking off the veil in front of him and showing her good deeds and expressing love from which blessing is offered, but love is pure, but love is chastity. I felt disgust in this part
I expected something similar to him after him in terms of the story or better, but the story disappointed me a lot. Most of the events were expected, a story that fit teenagers somewhat.
Too bad, I would not recommend it to grooms because of their inconvenience and treatment. . When we entered the hotel, we paid our entire account and they have a visa number, but when we asked for breakfast or any service, they started bothering, communicating, and ringing on the door, so we would hold them accountable until I know that any account is made when doing suspicion, only bills are signed when requesting any service, but surprises that they take the visa and withdraw the amount They come back to me again and sign and every request they do is like that annoying and a mistake in the system for the hotel annoyed and disrespecting us at the first night of our marriage to us the suspicion that did not allow us to increase the hour of the international and foreign hotels do not deal with such a bad deal only a name for services that distinguish it and do not deal nor a crew It is very V
Cee. price. The site and the internet fold the car park every day, we pay almost dirhams for the parking
Bad experience with Meridian. . I was asked to carry the bags to the place of residence. The position is far from the entrance to the hotel. There are no usual things in other hotels such as the slippers to enter the bathroom. Also, the towels are not clean. Banned was a large bed in the non-smoking area, but I was forced to stay in a room with two small beds
A talented writer who lost his talent in a cheap and novel novel. For the first time in my life, I throw a book in rubbish after reading it and regret the money and the time that was lost
I see the book as follows. He talks about Gandhi&#39;s diet and treatment. Boring details and a lot of characters get lost. Rhetoric about the Satyagraha peaceful struggle and civil disobedience and a hamsa that are non-violence and I also have reservations about some of Gandhi&#39;s reactions in some situations
A good start, although it has several gaps
More sentence I can describe the edge of reality and myths. It is the person who decides to remain what has an advantage or a defect. I mean, what is defective can be considered an advantage, and vice versa. And my opinion is far from the stories in which they are all. Whereas, the significance that you have come up with is:
By God, I was not encouraged to buy or read. If only for that period, there is no new thing in the book of satirical literature. So this was an old thing, and I had a mood. Read a little thing. The whole book that really made me laugh with the effort to confess. Other than that it was all normal. Just light smiles. I am sure that Sharif has the best. And I killed him a lot, right after I booked the book. The most beautiful. Waiting for the new and better
Mmm .. Romantic too much .. I can&#39;t believe too many words of dreams and fantasies. Our disappointments are caused by masterful words and ignorance of deeds. I liked some phrases but I only dive into a mystical world on its journey with philosophy
Wasini&#39;s first novels for me, had it not been for the poetic language of Wasini, I would not have continued in it. The novel is divided into five chapters, from chapter four and I started to feel very bored. There are no significant events, the writer took a lot of telling about the history of the hero and what happened to him. I think what I enjoyed most was the conversation between policeman Etienne and his racist colleague. The central idea is terrorism, and today France is not the past France. And that terrorism exists in all nationalities and religions and is not limited to a particular religion or country. I think Lolita&#39;s character and her drawing were awesome, and also seared. The idea that she is the terrorist responsible for destroying the hero Marina, was burned in a million movies before that:. Just a star for the Wasini language
The service is very poor and the restaurant staff especially the reception can never smile and strangely nervous and try to quickly go out before they get rid of the request. Al-Morouj branch. What is the resort? With death, you get a place for your car. Their eating is very normal, and the restaurant&#39;s name ranges longer than necessary, but what is worth the attention ..
Personally, I am extremely sensitive to the writings in which the writer talks about his daily routine, his life, and his personal details. If the personal situation does not benefit the reader with a clearer view, or adds a new view to him or even makes him smile, I think there is no need to write it:. .... I did not like about the book except how to swear allegiance to the president on my street and her talk about childhood memories:. Her style is simple and delicious, but I think her choice of topics was the reason I didn&#39;t enjoy the book. I liked her dreamy look, her love for the sun, mountains and nature in general. .... I heard a lot about the beauty of the book, but I was shocked while reading it. Because propaganda and reputation for what is greater than the size of an object can harm it because it raises the ceiling of expectations:. Despite the book&#39;s pages of more than a hundred pages, few touched me. So only two stars:
Star to cover. A mixture of Arabic and colloquial and a weak narration
I do not consider the time to be reading .. a waste time ... and I do not want to write a negative review. Just a star ..
What works for Brial. nothing special. The outdoor Jacuzzi is on the roof
I was eager to read this book, but it was not as much as the level. It was to be much better. The book presents itself as a study, but in reality it is in the form of an article just saying sayings and then responding to them or telling one of them or reaching only a saying from the writer. I do not talk about whether I agree or disagree, but I expected that the study will be discussed or studied, at least, the masculine frameworks of thinking that are mainly behind the category of commentators and philosophers, and these frameworks are what bring women after the era of the prophecy back to its place in the pre-Islamic era in one way or another. But the book only reduced, conveyed, and responded to. The writer had to direct her book to those who object or are convinced of these categories, but with the privilege of directing the class that rejects this masculinity, it is only a repetition and not an attempt to persuade. However, the method makes you feel that you are reading an article and not a study. I benefited from the book in general, but if it had been better, it could be
I simply fell short of my expectations. The novel is full of repetition ... it may be on a page that could have been dispensed with. The finish just was good and even excellent. How to describe the theater, the sea near it, the library located after the bridge, the craving for nostalgia, shocking it with Faust and walking in the rain.
Arabic movie M first class .. but the two stars of the messages .. Ashan toured the biography of Mansoura .. but not so ... an Arabic movie and u ... it lacks a lot to become a novel .. superficial characters and expected events and language to some extent except the messages is not very technical .. I like you
inappropriate . The lifts were good and fast despite the crowd of the hotel, its price was good especially in the Ramadan season compared to other hotels with insane prices. For the first time I am standing in line waiting for two hours to check in to a hotel, the hotel is made up of towers that are all occupied and only one reception desk has been run. Breakfast is only one and very crowded, although in each tower there is a buffet area, but it has not been turned on. Room floor brushes are dirty and there are noisy smells in the room The buffet area is dark as it is, I have a corridor I would not recommend this hotel.
. It is ashamed to call it a hotel. Its proximity to the Noble Sanctuary
If you are looking for a literary work here, you will not find the book may not deserve a single star as a literary text if you like so it works as a simple message from a father to his child .. The book started with a question from a child addressed to her absent father in the occupation prisons: Who are you and who are you ?. So he answered her with an open letter about the details of his life from his childhood through his life in Jordan and his studies in Korea to his meeting with her mother and then his involvement in the ranks of Al-Qassam Brigades and finally in his solitary confinement to leave her choosing the answer is he a father worthy of his pride or .... .... Did the book introduce me Ali Abdullah Al-Barghouthi, in fact, I am not sure about that. I need to hear his talk and hear or read about it from other people. A message is not enough for me to get to know a character that is supposed to be influential in the history of the resistance.
I would never recommend it, really there is no dirtier level. Its proximity to the campus only. Disgusting reception staff is not polite, very dirty and the cleanliness of the hotel and rooms are not suitable for humans, there are no services or help and the phone is not answered, everything is bad and I never recommend it ever
Very briefly :. A very ordinary story, the story of which is repeated in the tongues of four characters, each telling from its angle. Other than that, the story is extremely absurd and fun. It appears that it was written for critics and not for literature audiences
I am .. I went out with my mother to the cafe .. We asked for ice cream .. My mother ate the ice cream .. I ate the ice cream .. A little ice cream fell on my hands .. My mother laughed .. and laughed with her .. Hahaha. This is Anis&#39; style in this book ... very trivial .. tedious and lengthy conversations without benefit ... Where is the anger in those stories ... love love love marriage marriage love love. Is the anger of the girl centered on love and man only ??. A lot of books became famous for nothing .. Among them is this book ... I liked its title and I thought it would heal my life .. But it was nothing but teenage trifles ... far from Anis ideas that I always find abnormal about our society and our religion ... There were phrases Ivyhat was famous recently ... and it was the most beautiful thing in the book
Continuation of the frustration series in the Egyptian horror and thriller novels. Like its predecessors, the Blue Elephant and the Senja join the novel, The Doll&#39;s Box. A very big loss is to find a novel written in literal and interesting style by a young and smart writer, to find that the message behind the novel is that the failure of education in Egypt is a Masonic plot. With respect to the writer and her efforts, but the novel is a long and not funny joke
I did not like the words nor the drawing There is no correlation or meaning to the words
Weak. Location only. Lack of cleaning workers positions
Boring you can not complete ..
Literary style and language is very beautiful, but it has a huge description of shame scratching. I am ashamed to nominate someone or commit an offense and read it again
Too bad. . They took more and did not get it
It wasn&#39;t that level. Just close to Sheikh Zayed Road. The bathrooms are poor and overpriced, for the services
Hyperbolic words as a child her mother dumped her adult adornment in a convention. To tell the two letters that we have a bride. Here you are, spoiled girl, take off your clothes and sit barefoot on the seashore to paint with your fingers on the sand the memory of a woman and a man with their families .. What you saw in the waves of the sea of imagination .. And after a time according to my reading of the novel. Darkness came upon that girl, who depicts the imagination of a man and his woman on the sand, wounding her fingers with an abandoned snail that was buried. Under the sand. What a surprise, rather than the blood flowing from her wound. She kept crying and wailing, leaving the moon and the stars in their divine conversation in the sky.
This book disappointed me in a dramatic way, as I thought of its title that it would introduce a new technology for smart reading .. The passages that I liked in the book were not written by the author, but were excerpts from other sources ... a book suitable for children under ten years of age in order to encourage them to read .. As for those over 10 years old and who has stopped reading, it may be severely beaten.
His village, but because I had curiosity, I know the book that reveals it. I turned the world into this way, but I learned that I do not have to hear curious words in every need like this
My picture is bitter, not a single book, written by Muhammad Sadiq
The copy I have is a PDF, including judgment, but wisdom ... I don&#39;t understand most of them. As for the part that I understood, it was as follows: some of them are ordinary, some are strong, some are naive, and a large part of them is derived from the Qur’an. You are free than you are about Ace, and Abd when you are greedy ... If I saw him answering all that was asked, and expressing all that he had witnessed, and remembering everything he had learned, he inferred that. The presence of ignorance ... Disobedience inherited humiliation and poverty is better than obedience, inherited strength and arrogance ... The concealment has two parts: the concealment of disobedience, and the concealment in it: the general request of the Almighty God is the concealment in it, for fear of falling. Their rank at creation, and the special ask God to cover them, for fear of falling out from the view of the true king. . Ignore people from leaving the certainty of what he has; because people think that .. If two things confuse you, see that they are heavier on oneself, then it does not weigh on them except what was really ... Your arrival in God, your arrival in knowledge of Him, or otherwise, may God Almighty communicate something with Him, or He will call something
The TV book and mechanisms for manipulating minds talk about the topic of media and how to use them. In order to mislead the masses or serve the interests of international transcontinental companies. And in our case the ruling regimes. How does the person in charge of the media control how the information reaches the recipient and how? Deceive him until he adopts a certain opinion. The topic is important, but unfortunately it has not been addressed with sufficient depth and adequate explanation, as the book is very small. Also, the translation was not clear
A bad opinion. The style of the writer is beautiful, and I used easy language and simple phrases
The worst hotel in elite towers. Only the Internet. The hotel is very bad: never clean, the furniture is dirty, the rugs are disgusting, the bathroom is very small and not clean, the hotel cleaners are not trained and their cleaning is primitive and not good compared to the neighboring hotels this hotel is just furnished apartments in a popular neighborhood I never recommend housing in it
I see it as a limited experience for a teenager who sees freedom. All freedom is to choose the decoration of her engagement party and her wedding as she wants. On the other hand, she investigates without embarrassment the restrictions of education and religion in her conversation with you. Huge men on the net without any feeling of guilt and negligence. This extends to phone conversations and then to hotel meetings. And the events shocked me by its irresponsible behavior, by tampering with the privacy of everyone who had a relationship with it, to publish it in real names .. I reserve the use of lustful language in every place that may or may not tolerate its excessive sensuality.
A disappointing novel and an unfortunate return to one of my favorite writers for me ... a stretched story that could not be more difficult to provide ... fatigue..the novel is lacking in the cognitive aspect, and you did not need anything ... There was no motivating event in it, and there is no need..and in the end, I hope that Dr. Tamer focuses a little on his writings and appreciates the patience and waiting of his readers..and the unfortunate need that I liked is that I read a new need to order with his style and corner.
I reached the middle of the novel. I have not yet found what motivates me to complete the literary style of the author. When you start reading the novel, the events bring you back to the days of university study. You feel that you were one of the champions of the story or witnessed it. And subordination to the point that the reader is frustrated with love and his suffering, in the end it is a novel suitable for teenage girls and for those who want to waste their time with an entertaining novel only
A lot of inflation .. He did not talk about his vision as much as he spoke about his accomplishments in Dubai .. I do not deny that he made and achieved .. But the book contains a lot of refinement and inflation .. And here we see with our own eyes the breakdown of some major companies in Dubai After the economic crisis. He only reads, for information, nothing more ..: a page
Peace be upon you, the first time I live in a hotel without cleaning the room, why don&#39;t I know even if I asked them to clean. . rooms cleaning
Sodomy, lesbianism and non-covering other than nipples, this is what the writer tries to criticize
The review was rewritten by Yasmine Thabet, the girlfriend, because previous criticism did not shine a strong light on what makes her sail towards her next stronger novel:. Evaluating a literary work for someone you know personally is difficult. Either you compliment him, you lose the development of himself, or you criticize him, and he goes forward. Aceh is the first feature work that Jasmin read. And Jasmine has a flowing narrative sense. The power of Jasmine in writing. Also she is perfect in romance and innocence, which was in the characters of the novel. Dialect, which is something that I do not deny, but I wished, if it was shortened to the use of dialect in Syrian proverbs and some songs. Much of the Arabic terminology would have changed the final form of the novel .. I liked the use of the words of Darwish and others describing the case of every part of the novel, which is poetic and romantic as jasmine, despite my lack of excessive romance, but it conveyed to me the general feeling of each chapter with a saying by Darwish or written by Ahmed Tawfiq. She succeeded in conveying her feelings to ... ..... I liked the last part of the Syrian revolution and described the grants given to her. However, the end was irrational, as a Syrian-American girl returns to a combat location without telling her family to live on the trail of a lover who made her believe in the homeland. ..... Using Yasmin&#39;s narration focusing on the novel’s cause will undoubtedly make Yasmin’s next work stronger. Congratulations, Asia, Yasmin:
A humble novel.
A mythical figure, holding behind the mask of its owner, looking for an answer to a puzzling question ..... which is more important? .. Law? Mother of justice? . The novel as a whole, its idea is not new, and at the same time the writer put it in a frame of showing it in a different way and somewhat interesting. In the first part, the sword of justice: the topic was new to al-Nisbali, and the action remained, and the amount of extraordinary surprises and I expected needs and surprised by other events. On the first and many parts of my point of view, the whole topic is taking place in the same way and with the different people who are against it and not all of it in the same way and it can be decided in such a situation in the same way ,, every time we regret and ghada no matter what they encounter difficulties they were looking up Including them easily and in an incredible way. The director wants that :, but this is not refreshing. The narration method is smooth and simple, with satisfaction. I&#39;ll read the next book, but I hope it will be better:
Malik bin al-Nabi believes that he is one of the best nations to bring out people and he sees through this a distinction that even in his codification of this book his style seemed biased and somewhat overlooked on the West ... as if only Muslims believed that a heavenly book came down to them and that the love of good and hatred of evil began From what they have .. It is ironic that what Malik bin Al Nabi considers a reference linked to the most insidious and hypocritical people .. Islam began in a people who only know evil and hate .. It is rooted in them as Ibn Khaldun once said .. No, Malik bin Al Nabi you were The best nation that brought people out does not mean the Arabs and excludes the West .. It is, even if we want to believe in it, its content is the best nation of humanity, these are Individuals scattered in the world whose humanity precedes their passions are the best nation that was brought out to people ... because each one of them has a nation alone ... whether it is in China or the Canary Islands. His understanding of the verses of the Qur’an is completely reflected in his vision of Islamic thought .. I do not agree with his vision because in my view his understanding of the verses is wrong and incomplete .. Hence his blogging about the problem of Islamic thought was incomplete in his generation .. It seems ridiculous in our generation. What raised me in Chapter VII and VIII is the way the writer presents his ideas .. Addresses to the reader as if those ideas are an absolute truth .. The book is based on the idea of idealism as the content of Islam .. Or that before the Almohads era there was a civilized society in the form of a god .. I read this Ideas are only one phrase that jumps to my mind .. Is he trying to tackle the problem of ideas in the Islamic world by criticizing the civilization of the West .. Or is his fundamentalist idea that is the result of his Islam making him think that Western society is correct if it is true that it is like a society devoid of morality and a slave to article .. There is a great overlap in his presentation here .. Because the fact of the matter lies in the philosophy of hypocrisy .. your doubt The Islamic community is not giving up on the correct teachings ... but in the intellectual fanaticism of a belief ... and this is what the writer did not understand to him because he did not in fact realize that he had followed the same method .. He was exposing to the narratives of the juristic heritage which by the way is the remnants of the Almohad era ... so that It becomes clear to himself that Islam is the solution .. and that the Muslim community is the chosen community .. the best nation is brought out to people .. while Islam as an idea .. it is the contradiction of existence .. it is simply taking back .. and this is what I put in the contradiction .. then I do not I understand how he left the treatment of the problem for which this book was written and started in every chapter that criticizes the West ... and what the West does .. the money and money of the West ... criticize your community Firstly, since you do not see the West as a Muslim, because in your view it fell into the trap of something and gave up spirituality ... So where is the spirituality of your community then? I think this booklet was presented in a somewhat arrogant manner .. I felt as if the speaker was trying to impose his ideas .. knowing that these ideas are very conflicting .. sometimes he contradicts the achievements of the West .. and sometimes he says to return to the ideals of popular China with its cultural revolution that turned the layers of the complex, and the world of culture Upside down and the country has been largely renewed and that the Islamic countries have these political lessons that have worked miracles. Guide me to the righteousness that I have moored on you, O Malik bin Al Nabi ... You say at the conclusion of this book, we have taken the problem according to your belief ... No, unfortunately, you did not. Find me in front of a failed book .. full of conflicting conflicting ideas .. and I don&#39;t think I will read it again .. it is far from its title .. maybe if the writer knew that solving the problem of ideas in the Islamic world is their definition of Islam from their present age .. taking into consideration This definition as a hypothesis, not an absolute truth ... this book would have been successful by any standard ..
Experience living in Ramee Rose Hotel. First, the addition is somewhat acceptable. At the time of going out, you do not have a problem if you sit in to an Egyptian whose name is Mohamed is very excellent and his treatment is amazing and serves with his eyes. First, the workers who work in the hotel treat them very, very well, and their clothes are not added to the Filipino women. They are bad at dealing. The prices are high, as there is no good service in return.
Bad. Only the bed is comfortable. The location of the apartments should be in a location other than this. This is due to the lack of supplies nearby, the difficulty in entering and leaving, and the difficulty in obtaining a taxi
In order to achieve the truth, the book in general is not very strong, as usual, Dr. Mustafa. But I liked the frankness and its response to the messages, and Dr. Mustafa Al-Man drew my attention to Laugh and Bihal
I don’t know what the book came up with, and I didn’t forget it, it wasn’t Yusef Zidan no, this isn’t my love, anyone. Maybe if it was from another writer or one of the book of thoughts you would have accepted it.
I was hoping for him to remove more secrets ... from those thoughts that Al-Kharbawi listed. I liked talking about the moment of leaving the group and how a person can correct the course of his life if he improves the actions of the mind, and so did Professor Tharwat al-Kharbawi. I agree with him on everything he said in the book, which is the first book I read to him ...
هه هه هه هه هه هه هه ات I expect the restaurant&#39;s patrons to come in and raise themselves up here. I doubt someone entered Sinis, who&#39;s griping with colic.
As far as I am concerned, I do not believe in the slogans of equality between men and women ... The two parties will never be equal, God created them different and will remain .. But I salute in this insane rebellious her humanity, and I call with her to leave free in our choices, and I agree with her that Most men are empty inside, arrogant on the outside.
Light articles ... Anis Mansour usual ... who has a lot to tell. Technique Mansour Al-Rasheek .. He is the strongest here perhaps .. The title attracts .. Generally it is a book directed to the simple reader that goes down to its level and provides it with information and idea .. It can end in one session
The writer talks about the novel about the story of his attempt to reconnect with himself through a journey that his mentor advises him to cut off Russia by train .. multiple experiences and adventures that the writer engages in in a story that is closer to fiction but he formulates it to the end as real .. I do not like this type of narration and I think it The last works of Coeloa that I read.
Accounts of the alleged killers are more interesting than their details, some are disgusting, everyone is not interesting, their characters are limited, and the events are repeated every time, in addition, the translation is bad.
It is me without all the people who do not like it. His way of talking about the stages of love, I do not pray so hard, I do not know why. Look like that you don&#39;t love him any time
There is no . There is no. All services
The least that is said about this story is that it is disguised. I don’t know if the reason is boredom and having to complete a story that he started mixed with the unwillingness to have a third part, but the result was terrifyingly disappointing… the plot that usually characterizes Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq’s works is deeply missing in this book.
Frankness is very boring, a book that is much larger than its size, a pure lawsuit book in which Sheikh Ayed Al-Qarni relies on words, language, linguistic aesthetics, repetition, advice, and other elements of the calligraphy style. For me, a completely inaccurate book, with a lot of recurring narratives and similarities to the same ideas and concepts, the writer goes on sub-topics away from the main title, I felt bored while reading. The difference is very vast between him and a book. Enjoy your life by Muhammad Al-Areifi, who is comparing with a book that does not grieve a more lifestyle that is not tired of him.
Weak. . Air-conditioner, refrigerator, hotel. The hotel withdrew from the credit card several times and did not acknowledge the calculations. Unfortunately, there is no credibility on the part of the hotel.
I am not perfect. And do not tempt me to perfection. I am tempted to accept you for my faults .... before you rejoice at my advantages. I love the style of Ayah Al-Mallawani, who is close to the heart and remains in his Munajah for our Lord, all positive and optimistic .. Follow her for a very large period. However, in her book, she did not imagine the same power to remain in her separate phrase.
The worst hotel to serve the Rahman guests. . The reservation does not match what was received. The service in breakfast is very bad. The phone line was closed in the face of the caller more than ten times. I got with me, whether inside or outside the hotel. The rooms are not clean. They have prevented us from going out to check more than four times even by the security and we were treated as criminals or thieves and in the end it was a mistake in their system how to classify this hotel as five stars and it does not deserve a star. I advise all guests of Rahman to stay away from this hotel
A negative and diseased personality .. a sweet style that has two stars .. a sense that she calibrates the one who reads the book with a lack of its culture and tells and narrates in myths without clarifying what its idea .. is far from reality .. a boring open end
The second chapter of the book was better than the first. When Ahmed Al Shugairi wrote about his experience searching for inner peace. The thing we needed, and looking for ... was a nice chapter and loved it. As for the first chapter ... regardless of the content, the method I did not like. I did not like Gandhi&#39;s quotes because they came suddenly ... as if they were truncated for those who did not read Gandhi&#39;s book, including myself. I would prefer it to be in the form of articles written by the writer himself and mention pictures of Gandhi&#39;s life in his style
Weak. . Failure to adhere to the guest&#39;s entry time to the room, and the staff are not cooperating, and please register them in the course of how to deal because their style is sub-standard and I will never repeat the experience in your hotel
boring . From the point of view of curiosity, I was hygenian and made me determined, the most sincere of it. Raghad is a very tired personality, and any extent he can easily be taken away from her .. However, all the heroes of the novel remained in love with her. And Walid de stupid ... the length of the novel is its behavior by saying that you love it and change it, and yet you are suspicious of it. And the incident of killing Amar de is very provocative .. the issue is not deserved, it remains confidential in this way .. At least if he admitted because of the killing from the beginning or allowed Raghad to speak and tell his time, he took a reduced sentence and got out of prison quickly .. And they knew the cause of her illness and treated her instead What is it wasting itself and losing it in this way. I did not like it, but you provoked me to save it
Weak. . Poor hygiene and bad management
disappointing. nothing. The treatment of the employee in the picture is bad, provocative and disrespectful, unlike the Egyptian employee, he is polite
What is this nonsense and nonsense? . I don’t know how suddenly the Goodreds rash with this thing? . First, I am a reading girl, and I will not go out with anyone, and it does not interest me and does not convince me who will laugh at me in the name of reading and culture .... Your address is very stupid ... Is any reader readable to docile and go out with anyone? . A loose, disjointed book .... to make a book out of nothing. In short: nothing
Most of the Arabic book where you pay money in order to translate into other languages. This information was the beginning of my knowledge of this book, and God is one who knows the validity of it. What was read, and that was enough that it raises my curiosity and really looked for him and met him easily .... I mean, in which novel this means? And when I read, I knew that the writer was able to make the perfect mix to make a fuss, as she is an Arab writer who talks about sex very brazenly, insolence or permissibility through the use of passages from the books of sexually sexual books in the Arab Islamic heritage to prove that our grandparents were dealing with sex differently from us now And they were more frank, clear and paper than us in expressing their desires and not considering sex as one of the taboo taboo talk or writing about it .... so far here and the topic is still to some extent acceptable ... but that this is justification and an invitation to promote the coordination behind our appetite Our instincts are uncontrolled, and there is no link, for sure. This is not completely acceptable. On the other hand, I am not able to judge the classification of this book as a novel, as it is a collection of stories for the sake of storytelling, but without a clear link or a chronology or even figures with clear features, and this makes the reader unable to determine whether this is on the tongue of the heroine of this novel, if we say that in Hero originally, and between being real experiences of the six Salwa, or at least an expression of what is going on in her thinking.
Its title is not good..the story itself is an authentic Arabic series ... the language is very bad..you saw it deserve one star ... its ending is pleasant ... in a nutshell from the commercial type to the one who likes to read ... to the love that continues after the passport. And injustice to Petred before the book is what concludes. Beautiful world
Too far from what I love to read ... I bought it for one of my friends and I had to read it to make sure that it would not spoil her morals. A two-hour snack ... I don&#39;t like reading what was written in colloquially, but it wouldn&#39;t be that cute if it wasn&#39;t colloquial, especially Egyptian ... Al-Masariya, their blood is light. And may God marry the daughters of the righteous Muslims ...:. I do not imagine that the events are real grooms.
Very bad . . There are not enough situations, poor service and a recommended site
I swear to God, I am honest with every word I say. I know that the two hotel rights will give me a negative evaluation, but I will be clear and frank, I am not tired of anything, and I will not return the ball again to live here. The water in the toilet is running away, the bathroom has a smell of shampooing, there is no place where you put it on the sprinkler, the walls are worn out, and the bed is broken very bad. There are only two pillows for the two people.
disappointing. Just near the hotel is great in all words. The smell of the bathroom is unbearable ,, I repeated my visit to the hotel only because of its proximity to the Prophet’s Mosque and the smell of the bathroom every time was very unpleasant, in addition to that the reception changes the rooms from a king bed to a single family under the pretext of not having vacancies and therefore the room is smaller in size, also a meal Suhoor caused me and my wife an intestinal disorder less than an hour after eating the meal, the parking spaces are very few compared to the hotel and it&#39;s small and I found my car was unfortunately frictionless.
As usual, Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud is a genius in everything and his words are balanced .. except when he talks about the woman, marginalizes her and makes her a devil, and this I do not always like, but here in this book he mentioned it more than once whenever I try to forget the previous sentence. The following comes to me in order to keep my impression on this book summarized in an insult Women .. Among these sentences:. Chairs, trees, animals, women, and fruits remain things that have no meaning until we love, crave, ask, and run after them, and it vibrates with importance and life. Women remain a neglected quantity that does not exist completely in our lives until we love them so they exist and become an important thing that makes us happy and difficult. More than this, it makes the woman a thing, not anything but a marginal and makes her like an animal tree chair. .... and I will not be ungrateful. I enjoyed the first half of the book very much and was convinced as a dream through a summary of the analysis of philosophers and psychologists, but the second half felt that it was talking about another topic
A good novel ...., but the pattern of development of events in it and the escalation of intertwined characters since the first pages ..... It is suggested that this novel was written specifically to be a vulgar Ramadan Ramadan series that contains all the elements required in this poor quality of The art of acting .... We find: love, mystery, randomness, sex, killing ..... that constant mixture in any television or cinematic work, from which we are afflicted in this happy era. ... I have no intercession to the writer I have only a plot of freezing roses due to the separation of her lover, or more clearly .... the best of the novel is almost the first and last five pages of the novel when it appears to us. ..I love this kind of romantic fantasy
Frankly, the book has a great reputation that it does not deserve. It contains sweet quotes .. but most of the book I do not like. Some sentences only. Even I did not finish it all ... I felt disgust at some of the words. And some things are sometimes incomprehensible .. and I feel a bit of an interest in the body. And some cliche sometimes. So I will give him a point .. I can continue reading it later. But all I will get are more quotes and criticisms
What is the shit that I am? God suffices me and yes the agent so hard. This book is supposed to mean a friendly collection of stories. God lost the star and rural in the original. Except that there is no story and there is not a single idea, not just, and above all, two million spelling mistakes:. Seriously, a book that makes you a rule that takes good and bad at the same time:
I do not recommend this hotel. Location. Reception staff are poor in dealing with parking staff, their response is very weak, the large number of cars parked in front of the door, and the lack of regulation of parking for loading bags and passengers.
disappointing. Generally the hotel is good but very expensive. The smell of the corridors in the hotel is very bad ... The hotel towels are not clean and some of them have stains of Damacle, which are not of the required level and need improvement. Procedures for receiving the room are very long.
The picture does not reflect reality. price. Everything, especially the pool, was very hot and the receptionist at the restaurant did not recommend it at all
I love Bilal Fadl. But the book doesn’t really matter ..
Did Mecca fall into the trap? Yes, Makki fell into the trap. The film is supposed to criticize the naive programs without a goal, or in the sense of the healthiest programs that laugh at the minds of people. I do not know how this is, and it is the one who underestimated the viewer&#39;s mind in the end? In the film he did not raise his issue, but he used his case to show the film that he has a goal and in reality there is no vision or goal at all, so the film became very fragile, there is no comedy or goal, and I am not with anyone who blames the casting so he does not say Someone criticized the film because Sobky is the producer, but the blame for Amr knew him and it was accepted for this faint scenario and I do not know how Bahjat Qamar wrote this humor is heavy blood The story: There is no story of acting: Makki is the only one in the movie Enfred Tamim and Mohamed Lotfy is considered the only one who You can remember it somewhat after the movie because all of the people in the movie are margins, so that&#39;s why I performed it So, too. Directing: There is no way out of the defect, Maki. It is not that you tried to address the issue of the people. It is satiated and deepened in it also because it is simply a talk of the hour now, but the flaw in the surface of your attempt to address the issue and add nonsense to it is not comedian at all. Please, Makki, not You fall into the same trap in the big Away, and I hope that you will keep the people&#39;s love for you by respecting their mind, not underestimating it.
Weak. . The hotel has an Indian smell and the rooms have odors, old toilets and inconvenience
I did not prefer to put any star, and if it were, it would only be for my sorrow over the time I spent reading it. How long is the Saudi writer specifically in all her scenarios, the man is the knot, what are the social financial problems of the country? But if the Saudi writer wanted to succeed in any work a short story, a novel, to remove the man from a mastery of the scene in her novels and not to try to involve herself and turn her work into a discussion table about the intellectual differences in the country ... the novel specifically I could have stopped reading it after a page but I continued to decide the truth of the novel Feminist Saudi Arabia .. Besides the story of Hind and Al-Askar is a book in which all articles and statements of Badriya Al-Bashher were collected in a literary form that included them for her work characters, her heroine Hind specifically included the writer&#39;s ideas that have always been echoed and known to her attitudes towards women&#39;s issues in the country and are not subjected to harassment and ... and ..Etc, and through Due to the circumstances that the heroine was subjected to, the writer was able to translate her ideas through it.
Very weak. . The room smells, wasted, unbearable, and the pool is very dirty and cannot be swimming in it, like sewage, may God Almighty, and the service is not good
very good . The proximity to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque and breakfast is varied and calm. There is no good reaction from the hotel staff to meet the customer&#39;s needs
disappointing. . The beds are single and the original request is one bed
Weak. . The smell of the bathrooms is bad, and the food service inside the rooms is very weak. It is very expensive for hotels of the same class
To mention only the two stars of the writer and not of the novel. The rest fell from me as a result of the frustration and wandering of the writer. Really, I was shocked and nothing came out of it
disappointing. Breakfast is very good and the bed is very good. You did not have an interest in the comfort of the inmate, as there are inmates who raise the voice of singing throughout the night, causing inconvenience to the neighboring chalets ... The security dealings with the visitors ... We visited other chalets much better than Dana in terms of dealing with the inmate and taking care of his rest ... The prices are very exaggerated compared to the services you have.
The human being is the product of his thinking, it is this idea that the book wants to communicate and it is an important idea of course and necessary .. But the problem is that the book feels for you that if you want, for example, to remain a businessman and the owner of a large company, if you do not have to learn to run a business or projects .. No you sit back and imagine You remained a businessman and after a while you met yourself, you really stayed like that without any effort you make .. Positive thinking is a necessary necessity, but it is not the basis .. The book is bad and it takes more than its size.
I will not repeat it . nothing. Everything and the receptionist speaks very rude
Thoughts in logic, religions, morals and other things, some of which are worth reading and reflecting on, and some are not convincing.
A somewhat personal narrative ... written exaggeration ... a weak style. But it develops the atmosphere of the senses of taste and feeling
A star for the story of Hassan El-Gendy, the reason I read the collection, although I read them before in his collection of stories, a meeting with a horror writer and a second star for the writer Shaimaa Al-Swi, whom I liked her very, very story ... Other than that, the rest of the stories range from regular to less than ordinary.
A bad experience . Speed of entry and exit. The furniture is very old, the bed linen woven, the ballet is very tight, the bed is small, and the frankly disappointing staff
I did not like its end or specific details that this person is mentally ill and what he does with the dead. I did not like it, but its details are a little lost and its way of connecting events is good, but it is sexual hate for death that is what I hated forever.
The book for me is only a two star cheek. Organized and brief historical narration of the Ottoman Empire. The second star focus on the golden period of Suleiman the Magnificent and explain his biography. Of course, the wording is very bad, needing the style is better than that, I liked the parts of the Viper Roxlan or Hoyam in the Turkish series. One of the disadvantages of the book is refining such and once in matters that do not deserve to be mentioned only once. And it is reasoned not to mention the Ottoman period in Egypt, even in passing. In general, the book is simplified to show the history of the Ottoman Empire, its composition, its spread, and its decline, and more importantly, it erased the bad image of the great Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent, who was portrayed as an Arab drunkard who is fond of women with a focus on aspects of his political life. Of course, the faults of the Ottoman Empire, which led to one of them, the most important of which were marriage to non-Muslim foreigners, had a great role in the occurrence of the state. The second was killing just for the sake of suspicion and for controlling the rule. The Sultan was killing his children or sisters to ensure the extension of his power alone. Not to mention the idea of inheriting from the days of the Umayyad state. But we do not deny its merit in the expansion of the Islamic state in addition to its great role in trying to regain Al-Andalus
Is the defect that I could not digest this work.? Or did I have to swallow it quickly? It did not surprise me as I imagined from Nasrallah ... The ideas are beautiful. A little strange, as usual, Nasrallah. But surprising factor, magic. And the word / dagger .. was absent. . I still doubt what I read ,. And me ..
The great uproar that the novel served could be of two needs. The first is that Adel Imam and Nour al-Sharif met one work. The second is the name of the novel. Many people used to think of it talking about the Jews, and we don’t believe it. The novel is very poor, unconvincing, bitter reality, difficult living, people above were left under, people were under, stayed above, and the protagonist of Khamorji and Nswanji, and he explores in the other, that the world has come to him, meaning a victim and a second anomaly, and the odd writer describes the gay community in an unprecedented way and has no need Not everything is written and not everything is described. We regret the two days that I read these stories
Unfortunately, the truth is not in the picture. Nothing remembers what calm has returned. A large lack of specifications required in other hotels, with no maintenance on the apartment&#39;s décor, as the walls are torn and the furniture is old
The novel awarded one star, even if it does not deserve any star. I read it because I saw that it shook social media. Everyone talks about it and the topic of the event and praises the bold narration. An absurd, shallow, naive novel, full of grammatical, spelling, and typographical errors. And the writer rants us with her love for writing. If she is a lover and she writes in this lean style, then what if she is not a lover? Teenage novel in which young people walk in an accelerated manner and its pattern is not consistent. Reading it is a waste of time. The writer&#39;s information about ISIS is from TV. A naive and useless book that aims to portray Jabhat al-Nusra as the solution to all problems. My Lord protects us from ISIS and its calamities, and God protects us from the evil of wars. A final note: God burns Umm Salman and her counterparts, and, God willing, she and Abu Salman and Salman may be dirty.
Reception was few staff, we need to wait a lot, to serve you, room cleaning is non-existent, slow response is slow. the breakfast. Unfortunately one star hotel services
I will never try again in this hotel. nothing. Bad service, poor service, as if you live in a deserted place, a five-star place
I read the novel based on the praise I got .. I don’t know the secret to this praise. It is said that the novel bears a lot of symbolism and I could not decipher the symbols if any. Too vulgar, unworthy of description
Not any new
I did not like it at all. Ghada Al-Samman is distinguished by her distinguished style and her own method of writing. But all the stories revolve around one thing ... they would have found no other topic. I never feel the need to exaggerate it in this way
One of the books is cute and cute, as I remember, it was two books combined with some. I liked the second part of the talk about the prophecies of Nostadamus. Because I won a competition on the school’s radio station and they gave me a pen:
Among the novels that I did not expect to classify as one of the 50 best reads I have read were hopes that were interesting and beautiful, but they were not within the expectations. The introduction does not reflect the content. To start with Tolstoy novels I hope it is the last
Weak. Add the room. Delayed registration for a well-prepared massage buffet
Two-star hotel service. Only internet speed and parking. Bad customer service
The first need read by Agatha Christie. The events are interesting and a little chilled. The characters and plot in their behavior are good ... the first time I read police and militia in the countryside. .
I only liked the gift and the idea. I waited to find something strong, but I was surprised by what I found. He attracted me, but the idea of a girl who loves a person and gives up on her will, you will be able to complete with someone else or not. Ok you tell him the truth and do not hide it? When Sami knew, he lived the life of his pain and lived with him the same pain. In the end, Sabha means two miserable experiences. As a result, she marries another man and has a heart for others in her heart. What do I think about people who are capable of leading the disgusting life? What are their crimes and no victims ???. I can&#39;t decide I was curious about Sayed Qotb that I know the truth about himself more. Style is an overwhelming method in which it was and was instead of using the verb itself. I felt a little temper. If the novel is realistic, this life will be very harsh
The way the book was presented was in the form of brief and often short words, but the most boring thing in it is the repetition and recycling of the same idea from Anis Mansour, the woman, the man who is the victim.
Short stories narrated by a narrator psychiatrist about girls he met in a psychiatric hospital .. This book is from the writer’s imagination and not for realistic stories .. Medium-level stories are not exciting as the writer tells them in the words of the narrator, and on the line between boring and interesting, most stories stand In the middle or shortly before. The stories here are not the strength of the book .. I hated the narrator’s character in some stories, because he is more correct than surgery doctors in the second story of the book, contradicting everything taught to medical students about communication skills and sympathy for patients, and even exaggerating patients as a doctor in any specialty So, what about a psychiatrist? It also suggests narcissism even when it criticizes itself. Criticism seemed to be cries to bring attention and praise. I did not like the hero of the story .. It seems that the writer Abdel-Wahab El-Sayed was reading about a subject that is either psychological or supernatural Paranormal, then he writes a story about the book&#39;s hero colliding with these cases .. What I did not like about the style of writing also is the permanent stuttering to indicate surprise and confusion what. What ... what? And the writer&#39;s intense exaggeration of his stories and inflated them without the death of the story, the intense exaggeration .. from the fourth page of the book ..Because I am certain that the atmosphere of my notes is very exciting and will make you very surprised .. Also, the stories that you will read are completely different from any other stories..You will find among them a real pleasure that you will not find in any other book. . The beautiful thing is that the book contains real information about psychiatric illnesses and what is behind them a parasychologist .. The comment on some pages is very wonderful, and it is almost enough for you to motivate to read the book .. you rarely find a fictional book that gives scientific information and real stories in this way in its comment .. In short: stories Ordinary, ordinary writing style, narcissistic main character, and a few pretty scientific information.
Below the required level. The beds are comfortable only. The hotel is old fashioned, the value is incomparable, the bathrooms are totally uncomfortable
Overrated rating Turks and Caicos Club does not rise to hotels of similar price and same rating in Provo. The last post, regarding low breakfast and no option to win a prize for evening dining on site, was correct. The exercise facilities were not cleaned daily very dirty by the third day. Certainly not an option or a star
The novel has long events, and it could be shortened. I don&#39;t think I have a strong knot, so I can continue to find out the solution ... yet I ended it:. Despite the beauty of the name and the cover, I am not aware that they will express its content. The language itself admired you ... the idea that someone would want someone who is not frivolous and sensitive with superiority over the harshest people and appointed himself critical of them and their behavior, knowing that he himself is annoyed that they were treated like this so he turns to the same insignificance I mean the heroine. For me, the end of the novel was satisfactory. Just a good start:
Recreation stay and was not approved for housing. Wi-Fi. The reception is not answered, the room is poor, the TV programs are not suitable for children, and the hotel location is unknown
Weak. The pool space is excellent. Frankly, I tried many star hotels, but it was the lowest level in terms of cleanliness and attention from the moment of reception until the departure, except that I did not get the benefits for the room that I requested when booking. Thank you. I ask you to make more progress to match the name of the hotel
disappointing. . There was an unpleasant smell in the room where I stayed
disappointing. . The rooms are very narrow, their construction is very old, and the lobby has no services, is very small and old, and the parking spaces are small and narrow
Dirty hotel. Nothing, the hotel is all bad. / The furniture is something / The beds are dirty and dirty / The bed does not rise to the family of hotels / The amount paid does not have any return
I dislike the stories of Salem and Salma: |
Inconvenience and non-response. A bad experience. I would not recommend staying in this factory because the resident does not respect the inconvenience and cracking in the adjacent rooms and the drill is drilled. I asked the restaurant to bring a plate of fruit and they did not respond for a minute from the time I arrived at the hotel. Bad and indifferent. In all honesty, I recommend staying away from this place unless they change the crew and the smell of the place. The pictures on the site do not simulate reality.
disappointing. Internet speed. The rooms are very small
We can say two and a half stars. I liked the idea and the goal behind the story. I can&#39;t tell who I was sure who was the murderer from the first. I could have complained and could not be convinced of any of the suspects who had been confirmed until some time before the end. Thank God, my guess was not disappointed. In general, the work was easy, and I was overwhelmed. But spelling and linguistic errors made me lose a large part of my extroversion and nerves:. It was imposed a proofreader and this was his only job. Also, Ahmed Khairy and Muhammad Jumaa Tammam are known. We disregard the name of Muhammad and Ahmed, and we often resort to the other, or the same person who overlooks, may he come back. Muhammad and Ahmed said, but he will not be happy once Ahmed said and once he said Khairi. I mean, I suppose that the narrative part was supposed to have been kept along the length of the novel, unlike the dialogue that we might consider, it is not strange that the name differs in it.
Not satisfied with the hotel. . The food is bad and cold. There is no clarity in providing the service. There is no private parking for the hotel guests
The first part of the book, her life in France is very trivial and empty of any meaning. As for the transformation of events in the second part, it is like moving from one book to another, an incomprehensible and incoherent transformation, even though this part is more beautiful than its predecessor .. End I do not think that the book&#39;s name is related to its subject matter, and I do not think that it has discovered anything about desire.
I read this book out of curiosity only because of the many things I heard about him, even though I am not a fan of Muhammad Al-Salem&#39;s style ... The story of the novel is beautiful, but the writer&#39;s linguistic capabilities are limited, so it is possible to make the book beautiful through strong language structures or metaphors that attract the reader
Briefly. What he wrote about is a very thorny issue ... in most societies. It is considered in the writer&#39;s community of indisputable beliefs and principles. In the folds of the novel, they say they try to create an atmosphere of sympathy for the idea of suicide and suicide ... a horror of sanctification ??? .. very justifications are weak for some events. It has some comedy or poorly worded ... the sound of a cigarette lol. Fatter Fartka Fartka .... But it is OK to read it, not without work criticism .. This is my opinion. The talk goes on .... for the first time, for the first time readers of Muhammad Sadiq
Despite my love for all this man. However, the level of depression and blackness in that narration is overly illogical. All in all ... I unfortunately did not like it
disappointing. . Service and crew handling
The book is too light
disappointing. No. Dealing with employees in the reservation department
I trust the thought of Faisal Al Amer as a writer. She also admires the series of nails for expressing his ideas in a beautiful way. But I did not find the book worth more than two points. Or perhaps, because I don&#39;t like the style of dialogue much, it distracts me. The book is very ordinary
disappointing. Close to pick. Bus service is very bad and reception too is bad and room service is bad
An unrepeatable experience. . Not responding to simple requests such as moving a sofa
I do not advise to live in it except for those who have to. Its price is very reasonable. The receptionist treated badly, and there is only one worker who does not want to work, he is treated improperly, it is classified as a star hotel, but the reality is otherwise so that the room services such as bedspreads and towels do not change until after days and this is according to the words of the receptionist when I asked him to change the bedspreads and clean the room, there is no parking There are insulators in the rooms, there is no privacy
Mold years
Before I say my opinion about the book ... I say to those who advised me: God forgive you for this advice .. I wasted my money and my time on what is not useful ..... Then I was amazed at those who liked the book so that they put him five stars ... and even if among them Who says the book changed his life ... I don&#39;t know, was this the only book they read in their lifetime? Are the eyes of literature absent from them? I do not know what happened to the literary taste of the Arab readers .... Then I say to the translator ... God guided you .. You wasted your time and our times in uselessness ... The calamity is that he comments on his translation of the book and says that this novel is one of the most beautiful things he has read. I don’t know what is the secret of the Latin American book’s passion for Gypsies and chemistry and converting minerals into gold and the stone of philosophers ah from the stone of philosophers and Arabs .... ... the author travels between events as the bird moves while he clicks love on the ground ..... the novel is supposed to draw you to read it but I could not get past the page of the book ... as I imagined myself reading it as someone walking barefoot on the gravel in the waking hour .... Almost all men in the novel have the same name, which is Jose Arcadio, so the writer is forced to differentiate between them Their numbering: José I, grandson, son, grandfather and so on .... in a useful summary .. The book is very bad by all standards ... I do not recommend it to anyone, especially those who have a good taste in literature and who chooses what he reads carefully .... dispersal and loss ... porn. .. and forbidden relations incest between relatives ... and a big waste of time .... life is short to waste in reading a bad book like this .....
Worst set up. nothing. everything
I was shocked, she took a place larger than her size, and the only comment is a friend of Disneyland
There is a big difference between the creativity of Picasso and Starbucks and this uttering of no spirit
At the beginning I liked the narration of events, some quotes, and the general idea of the story, but there are a lot of things that are difficult to ignore and I agree with this criticism: One of the most puzzled novels ever. This novel attracted me at the beginning of the title that the author chose for her, and I do not deny that in the first parts I had a great desire to end her reading to know the progress of successive events. Also, the presence of the Sufi factor contributed greatly to my attraction, because of its mysterious effect, which urges anyone to know more about this world. Perhaps if the novel was talking about something that does not belong to Islam, I may have given it four or five stars, but since it talks about this religion that I belong to and I am proud of it, here I had to be careful to evaluate the narration well. Since it is not enough to refer to this religion as a religion of love and peace, while the protagonist of the novel practices through rituals that are considered to be heresies that lead to suspicions and which can be an outright forbidden ... and from here it seemed a shift in my view to What is deeper than a mere narration of his story into criticism, I hope that it is constructive and contributes to correcting a set of ideas that were mentioned and I see that there is a clear deviation from the essence of Islam. First: The phrase was repeated that God created man in his image on more than one occasion and here I wonder what is meant specifically by that ??. God has told us in his noble book that He created us in the best evaluation and I do not remember his mother mentioning something that is related to what was mentioned in the narration .. Man is a creature from God’s creatures and there is no doubt that God honored him with reason to look guided or be lost and that what God knows is only God, why insist on his formula that he was created in the image of God..and despite what some may explain that this is a kind of mystical methods that performs first of all to show a certain formula in which something may appear from disbelief, but there is a great depth of faith inside. I believe that resorting to these methods may lead to unpopular buzz. Second: Shams al-Tabrizi&#39;s style was not heeded in its entirety with Al-Roumi, so he tested it by cutting the bottles of wine and throwing his books in the water and observing it with him to study the forty rules in a room, drawing their curtains, etc. from unjustified rites. Islam is a religion that simulates the mind and the soul. It is not separate, as Tabrizi pointed out to him in one of his dialogues. And from the first to a religious scholar like Rumi to be the most knowledgeable of people in this way, how can he perform i&#39;tikaaf in his home and stop giving speeches and teaching just because he wants to discuss with the sun in a matter These rules. I think that in our ancient Islamic history there are many examples of scholars and clerics who excelled in many fields and it was not mentioned that one of them retired from the world and from the people of his house in this picture presented by the novel. Also, the main goal that brought Shams al-Tabrizi to al-Roumi is to help him open his eyes to a larger group of society and help them, but I have not touched this change in the truth. The only character that has had a positive impact on her is the roses of the desert, who chose the path of repentance for her absolute belief that she wants that..but the drunk who I did not see any change in him during the events and who remained to practice drinking as it is even after I love the personality of Shams Tabrizi and even and In one of the parts, when he went to warn Shams that someone would kill him, he found him. As for the pub, Shams said to him, “Yes, come back to the pub now, and don’t worry about me.” So where is the forbidding of evil and the enjoining of good. I am not surprised by that. Al-Tabrizi drank alcohol in front of Al-Roumi, and if he forbade him from that, would we then explain to the author that this behavior, which is rejected in Islam? . Do we also have an explanation of what Tabrizi said when he began mentioning the beautiful, friendly, beautiful name of God ... the gentle..etc of names calling for love to ask afterwards what is important for the permissible and forbidden and we have a compassionate and merciful Lord ..... was Tabrizi dependent on God’s mercy for his servants and did not care His anger ..... Did the author never hear the saying of God, the Exalted, that He is dear to God, who also revenge. With regard to forcing Tabrizi to ask Rumi to beg to feel what beggars feel ... does this require me to cut off my leg, for example, to feel what amputated or feel my eyes do not realize how unseen people feel ?? . Third: Regarding the presentation of the Rumi character before and after the advent of Al-Tabrizi, I saw that there are many contradictions. A man with knowledge of religion knows very well that modesty is a feature of Islam, but what was presented is that everyone was bowing in front of him to take his blessing something that does not touch the religious scholars in the truth ... Also, the reference to gold that is held in the hair of his horse is evidence of that ... The ambiguity does not fit the characteristic of the great scientist mainly, then, in the matter of his treatment of his wife in cleaning his library and his lack of initiative in her education and jurisprudence with religion in the time that before he was a teacher of a chemical in which there is a contradiction. And the most strange thing is his way of dealing with his son Alaeddin, who was not comfortable with Tabrizi at the moment of his arrival .. If the Sufi was trying to spread the religion of love everywhere, it was from the first door that he started from the small circle surrounding the Romans first and that he did not win their hostility, which was It is increasing day by day without doing anything positive to reduce this distance, and it was from the first door in the last scene between the father and his son when he wanted to admit to him that the mystical father forgives his son or at least listen to him .. Is not this one of the rules of Tabrizi. Also, if a religious scholar revokes his life after the disappearance of a friend who has an exaggerated matter, especially when he says that he is angry with all people, how can they sleep and the sun is absent? These people are the most aware of the fact of death and its imperative and the necessity of continuing life like it or not. Where is the person of the religious scholar who believes in God’s worth and ability, then ?? . Among the things that call for contemplation also is the view of Rumi in poetry before and after ... Most of the religious scholars in Islam are the owners of the most beautiful sayings in poetry through time and poetry was never something forbidden even in the spinning that our master Ali Karam Allah said His face is in his wife Fatima, the daughter of the Messenger, and Imam Al-Shafi’i became famous for him, for example, so how did the writer portray that our molar was a hater of poetry, and only with the presence of the sun, I love poetry and became pronounced about it? . Fourth: Regarding the rituals of the Sufin, from listening to music and dancing, here I do not dare to be brief or forbidden. This is an issue in which evacuating scholars can resort to their mission to clarify what is permissible and what is forbidden, and therefore I see that the writer and through his Tabrizi character referred to this The rituals focused on them, or on their importance, which went beyond the importance of prayer, which is the pillar of religion, and I return. I remember that, since we are talking about religion, we must be precise, as some actions may lead us to forbidden suspicions. The issue of playing the flute in a burial ceremony is something that does not pertain to the Islamic religion in its connection, so if you want to talk about Sufism as a separate religion, then it does not want either. However, Islam is represented through Sufism with all the things that may deviate from the Islamic path, it is unacceptable and if it is Calling in the name of love, goodness and tolerance, the style and action must be correct in the first place. And the topic of comparing dancing with respect to God is something that irritated me .. When Keira said that people may not like dancing, let us dance aside or delay it. Individual sun, and not all people respect God, shall we put faith aside? This comparison is something that I do not really like and semen. And here the idea of how to live a dervish should be presented, how to earn a living in his day ... Isn&#39;t Islam one of those who urged us to work and consider it his servants ?? Our noble Messenger said what it means to be resurrected and in his hand, he will let him plant it ... so where is the commitment to this principle in light of highlighting only the aspect of meditation and dance only? What if all people do that .. how do we live. Or is it not from the first chapter that we see al-Tabrizi urge this beggar to work hard to earn a living ... However, this directive was never issued from him ... so what is the positive change that he did towards this example from the miserable? . Fifthly, a group of miraculous qualities have been mentioned that have mixed the truth with the illusion .. If this was one of the fictional accounts or talked about people or illness or those who have adaptations it is a natural thing either to present these cases as natural things and occur to those who are mystical and Praying fourth degree or so, it is something that is not accepted by the mind and the best example is the mention of the story of the mystic master who breathed into the shape of the bird and became a real bird or the ability of the sun to return books from dry water or the ability of Kimia to hear and see the dead and speak to them .. all things Rejected on the ground and mentioned here in this way mixes reality with imagination in the wrong place. Sixth: It was clear at some stations that al-Tabrizi separated Sufism from Islam with evidence that he mentioned in one of the categories that Muslims, Jews and Christians quarreled about the external form while the Sufi searches for the essence .. Also, the sayings of Abrahamic religions were mentioned more than once, as if there were New divisions regarding religions, which is strange. The whole religion is for God regardless of the name of the Prophet that God chose to inform him, so why is this insistence on mentioning it? Seventh: With regard to the stories that were mentioned by Tabrizi, I wonder if the author has confused her accuracy. In the story of the prostitute from the children of Israel, who brought a dog and God brought it to paradise, it was mentioned that Sofia came to her and accepted her hand. Thank you for what she did ... And here the question arises: Was there mystics before Islam ??. And if there were really mystics, did someone pass before his hand ??. And the Prophet Muhammad said: I have pity on three types of people: the rich man who lost his wealth .... etc. I tried to reach this hadith and did not find it, so where did the writer bring him ??? . Eighth: With regard to the relationship of Shams al-Tabrizi and Kimia, I see here that a crack in the narration from a technical point of view has occurred, as the writer moved to the night of marriage between his nights and he sacrificed without going to Tabrizi himself..a man who is a mystic and moody and in his advanced age how was the pain presented
An impressive shape and service that needs to be activated. . The service is slow and may be late, waiting a lot until the service is completed
disappointing. Close to the campus. Difficulty getting to him by car. I was surprised by the presence of one gecko in the bathroom and the second in the room. The bedspreads and the quilts were not clean to the required level. The bathroom stools are clean but their unpleasant smell, there are no small towels for the bathroom floor and no towels for the models, there are brushes, toothpaste, and shaving razor that disrupt the card payment system in the hotel, which was forced to look for Close ATM
disappointing. The receptionist is courteous. There is no parking, cleanliness is low, and the place is crowded and noisy, Wi-Fi is very poor
The hotel is in an excellent location, close to Mall of the Emirates, but the bed is small and there is no bidet in the bathroom. Breakfast was good. The bed is very small, the first time I go to a hotel to see a small bed. Unfortunately, may God reward you, the bathroom. There is no shattaf for you, and we are in a Muslim country. We sat two days at the hotel but on the second day the room cleanliness was not what I expected
Dear dear dear. I hate dear .. Or indeed I detest it. In English we say. And this is exactly what happened. He knew that she would always be with him and with him so he hurt her ... I like Tayeba Joman and I fear that I resemble her. Star to Goman heart. And a star. For fresh language
Unfortunately, boring and untidy, slow events, poor plot, and the idea in its entirety is good and according to my understanding, he discusses Freemasonry ... but where did he stay ... where is the speech, explanation, description ... where and who the four children and the grandfather .. Aya is Sheikh Ghanem..b and then that means they will do what ??? I’m sorry for my cruelty, but it’s bad for that story…
Bad . Close to the Mall of the Emirates. Everything is clean. Rooms are itchy, insect smell. Guests are allowed to enter for bad families, and if you come, ask for an additional amount.
Very bad . nothing. The rooms are very small..treating the staff very bad and very slow..the cleanliness of the rooms and the bathroom is very bad
Low level ,. Staff treatment, Wi-Fi. It does not rise to a star hotel, two or three stars at the most, the noise of the annoying air-conditioning despite the change of the room
With my respect to Professor Ghazi Al-Qossabi. I cannot describe this narration except with one word that some may think of it as market, but I did not find others, it is actually ridiculous, the thing that I benefited from it is that I got acquainted with a new literary style that I have not seen before, and I got some literary vocabulary from this book, this is the first book that I read For Ghazi Al-Qossabi, how optimistic I was when I caught him, but I did not like him. I hope that the rest of his books will not be special for what he is famous for, such as this. I hope that the rest will be liked to me. Frankly, the content of this narration was trivial to the most extreme levels. I would not recommend reading it, as there was some weather Moral and marital unfaithfulness and scratching of modesty
Unfortunately . The first and last time I took through the program, the prices of the reservation program are greater than the reality. Unfortunately, the prices of the reservation program are greater than the reality
The novel discusses the issue of human alienation. But did you succeed in that? Not enough I think. The novel appeared boring, helped by the noticeable verbosity that the author adopted. The novel was small in relation to the number of pages, but its events are also scarce, but all events take place within two days. A case of narrative disintegration .. Alaa al-Deeb succeeded in drawing the figure of Abdel-Khaleq Al-Masiri in a wonderful way. For the success of the novel as a whole Perhaps the situation you feel when reading this novel is exactly what Abdul-Khaliq Al-Masiri feels bored, strange, disorganized, disorganized, and confused. Perhaps all this is a success of the novel from the viewpoint of some. But it lacked pleasure and that&#39;s why it matters to me.
Amr Salama did not move forward in a lot of unfortunateness. I watched a film of No Perjury at the opening of the Luxor Festival for Egyptian and European cinema. I was eager to know the new director and author Amr Salama, because I knew Amr since his first movies, like today, and I was following his steps in his second movie, Asmaa. Amr adopts in his three films a clear line that focuses on the story and the content more than it focuses on the stardom of the heroes or the visual dazzling or resorting to diversifying filming places and adding cinematic spices. Perhaps Zay El Naharda’s movie is still the best for me in Amr’s films, despite being his first movie. I had a problem with the picture in Asma’s film. The outstanding performance of Hind Sabri and Majed El Kadwani did not intercede in my distraction from her, and I have a problem in the sequence of events in a film that does not harm him who exceeded it. For me, a new problem is directness and resorting to a semi-theatrical style that is not favorable to me in the cinema. Amr Salama is presented in No Misconception, and, as he did in the names of an important issue, he is considered to be required to discuss it so that the film will have repercussions on society, although the cinema is not required to discuss issues always, but it is also required, and perhaps basically, the audience&#39;s enjoyment. I suspect that Amr after Asmaa paid attention to this and tried in his third film to present it, but the dose was not enough, or for the truth, the issue of the film was deducted from the balance of the pleasure he provided. Fun itself is an important goal for filmmakers and patrons alike. There is no doubt in my mind that attempts to spread pleasure in a movie that does not harm them exist either through singing or comic abras or even inserting interesting marginal stories, but I claim that they were lost in light of the oppression in focusing on the sectarian issue and the issue of poor education and the issue of a jelly society that does not have an issue that its citizens live for. . I am also not one of those who say that some events are illogical .. For example, for example, the idea of a child staying in school for several months without anyone discovering that he is a Christian cannot be passed on logically. Cinema endures fantasy as it tolerates logic, tolerates interpretation as it tolerates interpretation, and tolerates eloquence as it can Direct. Again I have a number of observations on a number of scenes, including the scene of the death of the wondrous father, which I did not like at all, and the scene of the child&#39;s rejection of the idea of immigration because of the good meanings it spoiled directly, not preparing for it and not building on it later. But the most important artistic note also is that the director resorted to a juvenile narrator next to a fantasy figure who appears every period to narrate events or direct the hero or explain the positions of the child with a mustache. The film is essentially more like a dokiodrama and the dialogue is much less than the events, so the resort to Narrator narrator becomes intercourse or overload. And when you put it next to the co-star, the narrator, the situation becomes superfluous, deducted from the balance of the film and not added to it. In order not to take notes, we must praise the director for the good management of the actors, especially the three children who I think were the best at all, in my opinion, the least creative of the heroic child Hani while his fellow barber and thugs are very creative even if I wish the three of them to continue as good technical materials. In the end, I am not concerned with the crises that followed the filmmaking, and I hope that its makers will not talk about it now, perhaps it was possible to talk about it before it was shown, while now we are in front of a film tape available to the public to view and evaluate it .. and talk about problems faced by its makers is something that does not matter to the public from soon or Far now.
disappointing. . The conditioner is hot
The first thing will concern you after reading this type of narration, which is the usual question .. Is this creativity or foolish for sale .. I am personally convinced that we do not blame a lot on the writer, but when there is a high cultural level in society, the community is the one who rules and who answers this question ... But the novel in its entirety has no idea or any information of value and your thinking about the lying person in two words. :::
Very bad hotel and not even worth paying real for a night. . The reception staff at ten in the morning contacted us and repeatedly interrupted us with the aim of asking us to go out at noon even though I did not arrive until six o&#39;clock in the morning and I was exhausted and they also disturbed all the hotel guests and asked for their exit on the pretext that the hotel is completely reserved for pilgrims also the rooms when they were entered were not clean and were full of dirt By previous guests, reception staff treated very poorly
Acceptable . The hotel is cheap. No parking, no insect sleeper in the room, and the rooms are not of high quality
disappointing. Close to the campus. The price is high, the parking is not free, the furniture is old, and Wi-Fi is not working
Unfortunately, Dr. Ahmed gave him a lot of harm. Because of the invocation of Dr. Ahmed&#39;s method of writing about metaphysics, he thus alerted the reader, without being conscious of it, to the influence of his work writer. In the short story, the cat came out the introduction is the same introduction that comes on the lips of Rifaat Ismail, the personality of Dr. Ahmed in the metaphysical series, but what is missing is the signature in the name of Rifaat Ismail. Secondly, with regard to the story, goodbye is the same repetitive theme in all actions on the socially oppressed person who exploits his intelligence to try to prove himself, but his attempts do not deviate from being an ingenious quorum or serial incest, i.e. new to it. Third, in relation to the story of a civilized person, a civilized person, in which I see a close-up of Sanusi&#39;s character to the creator Mohamed Sobhi in the movie here, the personal Cairo that did not utter a word when he tried to steal a thief and almost assured that the writer was affected by it in his consciousness. Fourth, the story of Q would have been more realistic, far from the rosette of the revolutionaries&#39; dreams. Fifthly, a major theater is a book in which all the writer&#39;s personal concerns have become clear. In sum, the works do not bear any moral weight and are no more than they try to present certain ideas from another point of view, reluctantly to the style of. The real works in this book that represent a good idea are. Zenobia Stress
Acceptable stay. I liked that I made a login and did not find all my room vacated so they gave me a sweet and upon entering it I discovered that the balcony door was open and ruined and I called them and they sent a worker to drink it in the dril and install it .... Where are they from the first. She feels the hotel is rudimentary and Paul Mann does not have an onion worldwide
Unfortunately dirty bathrooms. . Unfortunately dirty bathrooms
Very weak. My brothers, advice, do not book in it, because what leaves you relaxed and the Czechs came out for an hour by the hour, they pounding what they are ashamed, and if you get to the time, they urge you, that is, you pay more. There is no internet, then via bukking and in the lobby is very poor. The worst of what dwelt. And employees do not respect inmates.
A star and one for Ghada herself and the quotes that attracted me to her. But in my eyes, my destiny is the first thing that I read to Ghada. I felt nauseous
Very weak. . Hotel workers are bad with Gulf tenants
Dr. Al-Ghazhami talks about events that took place in the Kingdom for him and a group of his colleagues and friends and the attacks they were subjected to because they are modernists .. I read the book for curiosity after watching the meeting of Al-Thahmi with Turki Al-Dakhil in highlights.
Disappointing . The calm. The furniture is very, very old, worn out. There are no kitchen utensils in the kitchen such as a microwave. The hotel staff at the restaurant during breakfast is very friendly and unhelpful. The corridors of the hotel are very dark and the rugs in it are worn out and have a bad smell. Wi-Fi is very, very bad and most of the time it does not work, and if I only work in the hall, the rooms do not have Wi-Fi.
My experience in the Tarbush restaurant Initially I suggested not to go to Arab restaurants abroad terribly high prices, disdain for customers, and by the strength of my experience it was a dinner meal that requested chickpeas, grills, and fish that you could not eat from the unpleasant smell of eating. Smelter in the restaurant Smoke from the workers smoking greedily inside the laundering restaurant
The human being, and that he is born free, remains a slave to the harsh laws enacted by his fathers and grandfathers, and that the judiciary, which we imagined as a supreme secret, is today&#39;s surrender to the dead of yesterday and the subservience of tomorrow to today&#39;s tendencies. The book is endless metaphors and similes making you bored. I like Gibran&#39;s first book, even though his idea is very beautiful
It is a novel from the drama and the social struggle of the life marred by political moments .. Was betrayed by interconnection a lot and lost the soul and the words did not help in attracting attention .. between two characters .. living two books trying to complete each other between two books .. I did not find the spirit of Abdul Rahman Munif in it
Residence did not heal me except carefree. There is nothing I liked. I did not like anything at all. In fact, it was a hostel that does not deserve this amount paid for its evaluation in terms of the price of the night at this level. From charging my cell phone as most of the electrical switches are not working and it was a very failed setup
Twentieth journaling that the writer was supposed to keep for herself ... Poor content, writer&#39;s ideas disorganized and dispersed.
Very weak. nothing. I do not know where to start the worst two days of my life. It is strange that this hotel, according to Boudl, has old furniture, bathrooms filled with cockroaches, dirty carpets, a fridge that does not work, and bad service. Wifi does not reach the room except by computer and a very bad area on a public street is crowded and sounds Cars and exhaust odors are supposedly not classified as a hotel at all. The games room has only bad smell, air conditioner does not work, broken tools, corridors of the rooms are muffled, and its function is not clean. TV screens are the worst Chinese companies, in addition to cluttering and the hotel staff are not pleasant or cooperating. I would absolutely not recommend living here.
Low level from excellent to acceptable. . Waiting for two hours to get to the room even though pre-booked, toiletries are not available.
Atana Hotel Asphalt. nothing. I did not like everything
I will never be pure .. I am not upset at all. I want him, but I ask you a question, and respond to me frankly. We see something wrong. Are we disappointed, Issam, for example? What is my response, brother? . I do not understand what was read this was frankly. You will tell me as a full village Why .. I will tell you Manta who provoked me, my brother. The film is taken from the following in order ... The talisman movie, the part of the genre of the chosen one, feels like this on Ali Matrix. In the other, I interfered in the countries of the Maghreb and the Atlas Mountains. I mean, you want what exactly. The language is very weak. I don&#39;t know how you wrote, and after reviewing the novel, you allowed to publish this trick. And Suri if by saying Hubble. The plot .. the length of mana read his workers laugh. I am originally an inspector. I am a worker, I tell myself what a fool I am. This is more for you than Reham Saeed, my brother:. I would like you if you want to take the title of writer seriously because in the novel, this does not help him. You need to reconsider your whole style. In every need in it. And change the type that you write this because you originally did not have a final ability in it. I know for sure that I am a little taste and I write this review. But you, the first time, I am tired of the way I am, and I read this thing. I deeply regret it. I am very sorry that I wasted my time reading this thing like this:
I can’t understand why all the romance novels and romance novels I read during the two years that they missed are very old .. I felt like I was reading the novel that I was watching an old Arab movie from the 1950s, and if the author tried to give the novel a modern touch, it means using The mobile phone, the laptop, and the names of places and brands, but this all did not change my feeling that it is an old story in a cold ... the ultimate ideal that you feel is that the writer is separated from the reality that we are living with .. It means, for example, in any young man, now educated, educated and son of people He sang and returned from his college to the house along, so that he would have lunch with his family ... g was the time of speaking This .. now they ate with their friends..g even when you were a sweetheart at home ... ok in a young man who knows that his beloved is at home and when he knew that she is walking salvation he slept with her and her and their neighbor in the courtyard in the extreme innocence of children ?? ??? Ok, in a girl with the beauty of Aida, his culture, and going to college, and her age, she never felt love towards any Adam’s children, not even in adolescence ??? Ok, why is beauty, but for white people ?? Why racism? The first appearance of Aida Jawz in the novel, and the readers&#39; definition of it, was that it was brown and I wouldn&#39;t mind the white Yamamah ??? Beauty is relative ... I mean, it is very possible that it is white and colored, but it is rigid. There is no life, and vice versa. Why is the aristocratic expression, but for blondes ... Old thought is very important ... It is also a religion that works in the Meridians or in Sheraton ...? ?? And after that Hashem his mother died and his girlfriend divorced and his father agreed that he would marry her ??? What remains of the old thought, that it is going to marry one more ... Think of my friends, my fifties, Nour Abdel Hamid, please come down to the ground a little
A good hotel, but it does not deserve a four-star rating. I stayed in this hotel for seven days. Room service is bad and reception staff are uncooperative as the room refrigerator has broken down and they have not repaired or replaced it for more than four days. The sound between the rooms, unfortunately, you hear all the voices of the residents of the adjacent rooms. What distinguishes the hotel is the proximity of Taksim and Istiklal Street, and the classification of this hotel as four stars is exaggerated and deserves a maximum of two stars.
Russian classic novel. Its real importance lies in the context of the emergence of historical narratives, but they are, like old classic novels, simple in style and plot. I really didn&#39;t like much
Atheer Abdullah followed a new approach. It is to place ourselves in the place of both heroes. We have heard a tongue of Jumana loving you more than it should be. And now with dear tongue in that novel. Abdel Aziz, who did not deserve even a grain of love from within Jumana&#39;s heart. Or maybe she deserves what happens to her from him every time if she still loves him. What is this love that allows your loved one to hurt her every time. Then he waits for her return and asks himself. Why are you doing this to me?. How did you get to be so cruel to me? You are kind, kind, loving, kind? And when you return to it after it is torn from inside to separate it. He starts thinking again about a way to part. I don’t know those two stars that gave them to the novel. They are for Abdullah&#39;s account of her novel. Mother of my character Aziz and Jumana who abhor them. Damn this love. In which they return and separate. To come back again. They separated again
A documentary book for the night of the assassination of the Hashemite royal family in Iraq, the book presents a simple background about the revolution that led to this night and the preceding warnings that reached King Faisal II and his Crown Prince Abdul Ilah and Prime Minister Nuri Al-Saeed .. The warnings did not prevent the occurrence of the judiciary, as in the declared death of Marquis, Nuri Al-Saeed The maximum effort he made was his question to Abdul Karim Qassem: Karume conspires against us? . The Royal Guard brigade stationed at Qasr al-Zuhur was ready enough to defend the Hashemite family if the Crown Prince Abdul Ilah asked them to do so, the Prince’s conviction was to leave the vicissitudes of Iraq and surrender to the rebels .. In the main scene we see the papers of the Qur’an that were carried by Queen Nafisah flying with corpses and covered in blood King Faisal, twenty-three years old, falls as he grows up, and the Turkish queen is precious. Frequency: Jaen, Lar, Jaen, Ya, traitors, in front of the execution battalion in the garden of Qasr Al-Rehab. The statue of King Faisal I was among the victims of July, where demonstrators dropped him and threw him into the river ... It made Nuri Al-Saeed He disguises himself in a woman&#39;s cloak and commits suicide among the demonstrators, and his suicide seals with bullets and insults accompanying him for years. Wasfi, according to the book, was the one who helped him escape the putschists at the beginning of the events. The characters, dialectical events, and narratives about it are multiple. The documentation here is almost narrated in a royal voice.
Not suitable for families. There is no. Discotheque and improper addition
My notes on the book. What shelves that I read this .. No seriously What shelves? Hitler, not stupid, is an idiot. Regarding creatures as stupid as foolishness ... The Arab rulers are stupid and foolish, and the curse is from Hitler Bacter .. The Israelis are not stupid, not fools, and not a drama of Queens. American Drama Queen. The Arabs themselves are a Queens drama but not knowledgeable ... Hitler was astonishing racist, Braille and I read his description of the Jews .. The books I wrote originated from the books. Sorry.
Weak. There is no. The price is very expensive for hotel apartments, breakfast is very bad, parking is not available and my reservation was for two rooms and a hall, but unfortunately they gave me two rooms and two independent halls The air conditioning is annoying
Yesterday, yesterday I asked my eyes when to see each other?
Weak. The reception was generally substandard and good.
disappointing. nothing. Very bad service as I waited more than an hour to carry my luggage and no one came and in the end I carried it myself to the room. The staff are very bad. There is no welcome and many quarrels between them.
Weak. . The workers treated very badly. They do not know who to do with the guest. The restaurant is very unsuccessful: it is an open buffet and we were at the time of suhoor and eating was not enough for the customers and when I asked him why the food was not enough he simply replied and said I did not expect this number of customers despite the fact that the restaurant was not crowded. On top of all this the restaurant was expensive.
As for the Arabic version, it is full of translation errors, especially the use of scientific terms approved in physics, where the translator apparently translated the terms without mentioning the English word, which makes the reader even the specialist fall into ambiguity of understanding .. And I noticed that the book increases in talking about general relativity and special relativity And the field or field in a way that makes you forget the main topic of research, which is nothingness or emptiness. In any case, I enjoyed the readers of the first two chapters, and I wish that the framework remained similar to them in the rest of the book.
Really it is an idea and the idea does not die. The same superficial thinking and superficial responses that came with the book of Mustafa Mahmoud dialogue with my atheist friend despite the time between the two books. First, sir, I made a mistake in choosing the title of the book and they are atheism ... Atheism is not an illusion, because you deny it and deal with it as an illusion, so this is the pinnacle of superficiality, and originally if it is an illusion, then why is this book? . The writer tried to convince us that atheism is an authentic western industry that the Arab atheists took from them to prove themselves or to imitate the West or to be in contradiction to know and forgot the writer or forget that a large number of Arab atheists were students of Islamic studies and their people were preparing them to be Ibn Taymiyyah this era according to the description of one of them. The writer played on the conspiracy theory and that the infidel West monitors Islam .... Sir, I swear to you that we are very less than someone who cares for us. The writer mentioned the sayings of some scholars who acknowledge the existence of a god and forget the statements of many other great scholars who denied the existence of a god ... Faith will not be a tradition for anyone, as it is a pure relationship between the servant and his Lord. If this book is intended for atheists, then how can he cite the verses of the Qur’an while they are reprehensible to him. Not all atheism are psychologically complex and persecuted, as you indicated ..... the other&#39;s contempt weakens your argument. Unfortunately, as usual, all religious books are not always cured of confusion and do not convince confused
From the time we are .. we are the feet of time and mouth .. and sooner or later, as is well known, the winds of time will erase the effects. Nothing Cross. No one&#39;s steps .. Mouths of time tell the journey.
Weak. Its proximity to the sanctuaryThe rooms are spacious. The reception and treatment at the hotel are very poor
What did Eco want with this, for example? The general idea of the book is nice and the Eco style is obvious. The strange thing is that the translation that I was afraid of came up to Hala and very respectable. But the amount of stuffing and lengthening disturbing the limit of boredom. The book is not exhausting and fat, but it does not mean that much information is not necessary but it shows the writer&#39;s culture. Other than that, frankly, uncle Eko
Very weak. nothing. You booked an amount via the reservation, and on the day you reached Zodo, the price of the book was a quorum
I read the book once, and the book is reasonable ... but it will not be classified as a book because it is an opinion. The concept of violin distinguishes the writer from others, I mean, it is like what is said in the introduction to chat. It is good that he has a critique of society, but I see that he is prejudiced with the girls
I did not finish reading it
Chapter Three And Talking About Christianity We very much like me ... Inferring the distorted Gospel to prove that the Islamic religion is the best provocation.
I was waiting for a new event to happen, but unfortunately, I wasted my time in vain. Frankly, I do not know what is the insignificance that is in it and what is the idiot in which it is in people with this insignia I bluntly blessed me
A physician is permitted to adore her patient, and it does not criminalize a patient to be associated with her physical therapist, but in the Psychiatric Law these relationships are forbidden, and if that turns out to be transferred to the Ethics Committee, or dismissed from work, because the relationship with the logic eye is not the same, the soul may be reduced and the past exposed. So that you will be able to direct the feelings of the patient towards you while he is in need and in need that may delude him that his feelings are sound so that need and gratitude are mixed, that may not generalize, but I see it very important, because the story did not enter me with credibility, I did not feel the appearance of a specialist in the self I saw a female who came across a dream that I waited for long, and light A conscious poet before she was empowered It is free from the grip of the minister of women and the grip of the woman who does not feel her presence and emotion except from the ambush of the heart of a floundering man, the readers are more sensitive in the text and more insight into the detours of the characters of the story, and the credibility is there, the minister of women remains a minister of women and the playful woman remains a playful woman, and stupid that It is still thought that the man can move and bohemian love. And the woman is not able to do that, it is human qualities and fortunes in meeting love, a similar pioneer in dreams of Mostaghanemy in funny phrases the man kills his women in bed and the woman knows how to play many roles to keep him a funny and shameful thing for women
I visited her twice, the interval between them is one year ... the first time I hated it and hated desperate descriptions in it. In principle, I am, even though Ahmad Murad wrote it cinematic closer because you see a movie that you are reading a novel .. I do not like the suspense element in it two times .. It means I have no objection to the book any day before I complete it ... Psychological and mental, and I was upset that the topic turned on Jean and magic in the end. Lessa I have the same hatred for the rude descriptions in it ... but hated the book in general .. Can I say that I enjoyed it going after what started to enter the subject of the jinn and talisman and this talk. But despite my hatred of the ridiculous descriptions and my insensitivity to the element of suspense greatly ... but there is a need that made me complete the reading in it .. the cinematic way can display the characters and relations between them
An interesting and beautiful book .. added a lot to me
A light book discusses the usual marital problems, in a pleasant picture.
disappointing. . It does not deserve five stars for very bad services, beds, and toilets
Few events and many details
Not worth five stars, but stars. There is no. The furniture smells the hallways deal services
disappointing. The response speed of the rotating source is in the restaurant. Goodwood insects are rolling up the mattresses of the bed of the nome and pillows, where they work to knock the inmate and make itch with guts in his body, and this is an insect. The bug is a bug where the hotel got off and I was surprised by insects that come out with a gland of cushions and mattresses. Disgustingly, when I asked the work to treat the condition, they brought a bed of insects, and I told them that there are insects in the family.
The worst hotel. Positions. I deserve the price, the photos on the website never fail, unfortunately, to the point of being dishonored
Oh God, make us one of the people of the Qur’an, Oh God, make the Qur’an easy in our day and night.
hollow
I do not recommend it. Prices are not as on-site. Prices are different from what is on site
Not successful. Unfortunately, it was an unfortunate trip. The hotel was very bad last year. It was much better. Things went wrong in all respects. Male previously
Acceptable . Location. Room service is bad, smell is emitted from the bathroom, we have no TV channels, only bad air conditioning
Exposure to what makes you feel that I wrote yesterday
I noticed several times, the workers are using gloves to prepare food. The accountant will hold people accountable and touch the money. Before my eyes, I will make a sandwich without gloves, touch bread, cheese, and meat, as well as the rest of the labor, I mean the top of filth. And alerting the largest amount of customers ... who will make sure that they come close and see how they prepare to eat. Although the second branches in the province wear gloves and keep them clean. Please be careful ... For the information, I do not ask him except for ice cream, which is for real. Sometimes he comes with a sauce the strawberry .
The book is a group of sporadic thoughts, mostly revolving around death, the reason for the existence of man on this earth, and the existential crises that sometimes afflict a person, so he asks who I am and why I found them. But the book is a collection of thoughts and questions ... questions without answers. Most of the words that I stopped before her. My freedom torments me .. because when I choose .. I adhere to my choice .. and my freedom turns into slavery and responsibility .. It is a responsibility that does not benefit from an exemption because it is a responsibility before myself .. As for the choice that I chose .. I have no way but to choose .. I must choose at every moment .. If I strike my choice ... it was. My strike is a kind of choice ... I have to pay a price immediately. These words touched me because, despite my pride in my freedom, I have feared it for my entire life, and I find myself afraid of every choice. Calculate my steps well? Yes ... I make up and decide? Yes ... but as I rise to horror from within me, with every choice I fear the price. For every choice a price and true success is to choose the lowest price that can be paid in the event of a wrong choice.
disappointing. I liked the space inside the apartment. Sperm especially in bed
Kitten dragon ... then nothing. You concluded the right extraction
Suffering. . Lack of attention to hygiene and the presence of bed bugs
Weak. Nothing. The hotel is old and the room smelled
I read the book two years or more ago. I do not specifically remember when I came to the United States to study also in the state of Illinois. I did not like it. It only talks about the dark side in the lives of expatriate students, and it is, with the possibility of its validity, an aspect that only describes part of the truth. There are many great success stories that deserve respect. And there are those who adhere to his Islamic and Arab identity more here in the countries of Uncle Sam because he feels that he still belongs to somewhere in a world dominated by materialism and the race of rats behind eating food.
Filled with tragedy and sadness that no one entity can absorb. A somewhat fictional story. It makes it from a girl who wants to be freed from her bossy father. Going to a remote school in a village to feel a little liberated and free from the authority of her father. She falls in love with a boy in the same village, then marries an old man who looks like her father has wives and an army of children that the young wife wants but he is unable to kill him after leaving the marriage. To kill her authoritarian father to make her end no less tragic than her mother and sisters. Evaluating the end of the tragic that did not take place until the end of the boycott, did the court take away from her or did she follow her mother and sister to be imprisoned in a hospital for mental illness for life
Average performance
Staff must be changed. The hotel is beautiful as decoration, room and reception. The delay in the services provided, as well as the suitcase holder, as well as bringing the car, please take into account that
Terrible remorse. I read a novel about size and looked worse than the series “Layali El Helmeya”, with all its parts.
Lack of politeness carries a pale idea in a boring style, dirty words, and characters who crave prostitution ... all of which are collected in forms of degradation and shame ... Just messing around and not deserving to be a part of your interest. And if she is a nominee for the poker prize for the ugliest literary producer, she deserves it very well.
Insects in a way I have not seen in any hotel I have inhabited in my life. . The lack of hygiene forever and the presence of cockroaches in abundance
The hotel is good but the service is bad. The hotel is good and comfortable, buses are constantly available. Unfortunately the service is very bad starting from the reception, we waited a long time to complete the entry procedures, I was given the cards without activation and unfortunately despite the presence of a number of many towers, but the reception only in one tower is very annoying to come from the tower in which you reside to the tower in which the resignation to reactivate the cards For example, there is no Wi-Fi in the rooms or in the lobby of the towers to in one tower. Unfortunately, there is mismanagement from the hotel. I was very upset during my stay, as is the case for many
Black is worthy of you .... a title that attracts heavily .... Then comes the charming introduction and breathtaking expressions and dazzling similarities .... This is only what made me complete the novel ... As for the story, it is very weak ... There are many lapses in it .. .. Endless contradictions .... And the two main characters Hala and Talal ... are not worthy of being heroes of a novel. Until the end it was never convincing .... and what was between them is not a love story but rather a relationship of curiosity, admiration and discovery .... but despite your memory, I loved drawing it for life as a symphony ... I like some phrases and some similarities that deserve to be quoted from This account, as for the rest, does not match the level of these quotes. And I was disappointed with the novel because it was the first that I read for dreams .... black is worthy of you..I thought it was much more beautiful
A Poker Candidate? Joking?
It is hard to convince those who are used to seeing the world through those postulates that they have grown up, that there are so many dark spots in our situation that need to be illuminated.
The whole book is about one idea ... thinking outside the box ... the book is extremely boring ... and it contains repetitions of specific ideas and sentences ... I was expecting a need higher than that ... but I would like you to prefer the series of the impossible man closest to me ..
The only way to a culture of culture ,, passes through a portal whose name is freedom. With every arbitrary social line it disappears ... The London article made me wish I could go to it. I like memories and stories, but Ghazi’s problem writes his stories as thoughts and not as a story or an article belonging to the travel literature that makes the reader reap the pleasure And the benefit at the same time .. There is an article by Ghazi demanding not to publish famous books such as the books of Mao Tse, the Red Book or the Book of Colonel Gaddafi, etc. because they do not provide any benefit to the readers because he did not like and he thought that it does not provide any benefit and this book has a benefit .. In another article condemning the prevention Books, suppression of culture, etc.
As the last resort I am striving to verify this inn from the description on Trip Advisor the address is the only thing I can verify that it is the same hotel or inn. I arrived in Cairo tired looking for a quick stay. This was the first place I would stop. It was on the sixth floor of an unknown dirty building, but the elevator was good. Perhaps as a prototype of elevators. They keep my bike in a small room on the ground floor, similar to the bathroom, from the smell it smells like. Looking at the hostel, my room was large with three comfortable beds, small television and a fridge. The bathroom was small, the shower is old and the water is very poor. The hot water comes from a wall heater that needs to be powered up an hour before you need it. There is no hair dryer in the bathroom and there are no settings for brewing tea in the room, both of which are mentioned in the advertisement. There is no wire to prevent insects on the windows, so it would be unwise to open them, as the law enters. And in the ad there is a gymnasium in the hotel, where is it, I don&#39;t know. There was a poor pedal outside my room, and I had to jump over it every time I finish the exercise. This may be the advertised gymnasium. The wall between me and the next room is very thin, as most of the noise comes from my neighbors, and it comes from the reception area in front of my room exactly. Breakfast is poor and you can have it in your room. Omelette omelette, two small rolls of bread, and two small pieces of cheese and jam, along with tea. On the positive side, the crew is very friendly and the free Wi-Fi is generally good. Laundry service is offered for EGP for each piece. You can stay if the last resort is there, but I am sure there is much better for a pound per night.
The goods are bad and not usable in any way due to the presence of serious industrial defects in them in the materials and detail, as soon as they are worn, they are cut and separated, and all their parts cannot be completely repaired.
Who said that all the ideas of the Greeks and Greeks were fiction? Children of Adam with a brain of a bull ????? . Ordinary and you see and see it every day in the streets and online and sometimes in books. The head shape can not be terrifying, and it is not possible for the structures of humans to be adhered to, and its shape and tongue sweet. It is possible for him to receive a degree from a college in El Mahrousa. But Brain Tor really does. Not to kill people, but to do what is cursed from it. Bison poisoned their words and actions. The series can be categorized into sections. Horror for horror. Wrecking myths of terror. Interesting adventures the writer has not found a single series or has no place in other chains. The novel belongs to the first section with distinction. Just embedding a horror idea
Sulaimaniya Iraq. I don&#39;t like the hotel, because it is not clean. I am not surprised about the room services
Very weak. . He did not give a residence according to the reserved description. He gave us a room with one bed for four people
I think I will suffer from wrinkles, in turn, from the prolonged intense grin because of my reading of the book. Of course, Gilda is very successful in drawing the picture that Israel depicts in her longevity, and she is a permissible girl, but they are brutal, and it is certain that she is successful in attracting sympathy as usual ... Unfortunately, she does not know the facts, she will not know the lie that is lurking in the book
It was not fun. When I was waiting at the reception, I asked for juice, the employee who brought the juice was ethical and cheerful. Cleanliness, items that weren&#39;t there, like knives spoons ...
Weak. . Precious contents were stolen from the room without real reaction from the crew, very unfortunate
I would not and would not have completed it. Had it not been for my love of Yusuf Zidan&#39;s language, analogies and rhetoric, I wouldn&#39;t have completed a single page
I bought the bag and I did not like it, because originally it was a travel bag that had a place for the laptop, not the other way around, the length in width is cm in cm, the problem of the horizontal measurement of the bag is cm, but the problem is in the vertical measurement. Or m
For me, I did not enjoy the novel forever, and it did not interest me. Linguistic and grammatical errors are many, even though the edition that was with me was the fifth. From injustice, his style is compared to that of Dan Brown
You run bad, but I will repeat it, because there aren&#39;t many entertainment places in Jeddah. . The air conditioner does not work at the time of admission after four o&#39;clock in the afternoon. The refrigerator does not work. The maintenance team is poor.
I read to her before this book a crash that was unheard of and I expected to find what I found in it, but this is a book by name
Weak. . Bothering. Non-confused staff. It is forbidden to visit. This is an interference with privacy. The channels are muddled. Disturbed after the hour
disappointing. . The reception was poor and I waited a lot until I received my room, the house was slow, and the room was a hotel. It was supposed to have a coffee tree.
Say the truth and do not compliment. Its proximity to the sanctuary and I did not like the reception behavior. I came and arrived at the hotel at: / day / and left: / day / and they took an amount and value of three nights. They took the amount and value of three nights, knowing that I entered and arrived at the hotel: day // and left: day // imagine that I do not forgive them
Story writing techniques for condensing the language. All this is beautiful. But it does not make the story. All this is just a picture frame. But in the absence of an image, it is an empty frame. I was not attracted to any story. Even the stories that were optimistic at the beginning, such as never again and Hoda came to the end truncated.
Fresh time has passed
I do not recommend it. . Old building, cooking utensils are not available, and very high price for service
disappointing. There is no. Wi-Fi, rooms are not good, bed is not good, reception is not good
The best place to live. nothing. everything
It has one goal and one topic, which is certainly important to all of us and we must work with it. But I did not like the style of the writer at all, as it was boring, as he repeated the sentences a lot and elaborated on the subject in a big way. This topic may be brought up in a lecture to be more interesting and interesting than making a book. I appreciate the authors of the book, but the author did not improve its wording well
I don’t know I found it too boring, I don’t tend to write this kind of book
Trip . Normal. The second time we book the hotel the first time was good and their service is nice once this time we are barriers that we pay later and withdraw from the visa and when we talked to the Egyptian who is receiving the philosophy, he says to ensure we guarantee ourselves The hotel room looked good, there was not enough maintenance, and there was no refurbishment, even though it was not nice and there was an acceptable location on the side of the Mall of the Emirates. You went walking but entered the hotel once disturbing, you have to take a long wind and at night you do not receive parking easily because the hotel has a bar and becomes crowded at night
Choose another facility, the Bathtech Restaurant staff, who don&#39;t even smile, but work and work like zombies. The options in the restaurant are very limited, with tea and coffee, and nobody even shows them, and no one comes to you, until you ask for it. In practice, there is no hotel measures service, even if requested, and it is not safe to leave things around the room. Printer, work center, all disabled. Paid wireless Internet connection, speed is very weak. The local Saudi crew at the reception are very pleasant, helpful and polite people, compared to the expatriate crew. If you have a choice, you need other apartments
A very bad, non-objective and age-old narration. What is going on is the reality of Egypt. Its age is not what it will be like. If after a million years, Egypt has now young men who have thought, it doesn’t mean that we are passing through a crisis that is lost forever. It will not end and we will build our country forever America is old, you will not buy our heritage, our civilization, and our young age. You will not die in oldness and remain addicted. Egypt will remain among the best countries. Egypt is the country of safety that our Lord said in his book. Nor is the writer correct his opinion that a future for us, our Lord, will be a separate entity that we do not worship. Seriously, it does not suffice the pessimism and fate of deceit for our country, and we have reached disbelief and atheism. Our Lord, we will also oppose forgiveness of God Almighty. My question is according to the writer. Your honor, you will be of the rich and the poor. If you have children, you will raise them. And raise them, of course, that the money is the most important thing in their lives, instead of what educates them to love their country and hand it and fight for it to reach its real position that it was in and will return to it after the temporary crisis that it is in. Seriously, my loss, instead of what people described as the importance of the advancement of the country, we want to ruin it. What will we do to kill the spirit of enthusiasm in the next generation, so that it will flourish in its country, which is what the West wants? Instead of what our writers are trying to fix and destroy it? Egypt will not remain so despite the hatred of the haters
I do not recommend it. Its proximity to the sanctuary. The services, the staff, and the restaurant are very bad. The delay in meeting your requests is so long that you are waiting for a text to an hour to meet your need.
Weak. I did not like anything. Cleanliness and furniture are very consumed
Despite the uniqueness of the subject matter and the abundance of information included in the book, it lacks the aspect of suspense and tension of the reader, and I felt bored periods during reading, and agreed with the author that the people of Egypt were philosophers laughing, so I love them:
disappointing. Apartment space and cleanliness. The staff are bad and nobody responds to material exploitation
It cannot be compared to Ahmed Murad&#39;s novels because it is perhaps the worst of them. In short, it is acceptable, but Murad did not have to write a novel at a level lower than the level of other novels after fame and success. After the blue elephant, which I did not receive my full admiration, this I will reconsider before I read another novel by Ahmed Murad
Very weak. . Room décor, furniture and standard kufic and restaurants are below average
I really do not know what is the goal of Fouda applies to such a book? . He did not provide anything useful at all .... You will definitely get frustrated after completing the book, the title. In harm&#39;s way: from Al-Qaeda strongholds to ISIS hugging. He does not talk about the history of the development of the base until it became ISIS, but rather talks about the geography of transportation that applies to itself .. filled with unnecessary details. It is closer to the stories of those who found themselves without work
What I like most about this book is that you can segment it however you want. Without the book losing its splendor, the book is positive quotes. Not tired of it, it is enough to take out the beautiful book.
Failed experiment . The room and hall are spacious. The example applies to those who God has blessed God, and from within God knows the bathroom is bad and the shower is the worst narrow and comfortable for a foul bath
I don&#39;t like the restaurant, which has maassalat, this restaurant is more like popular coffee, and this restaurant is not respected.
The Akkad language is repulsive and repulsive despite the beauty of some philosophical points. Unfortunately I could not complete it
Good stay. . Good shopping services are available around the hotel .. No parking.
I did not find any worse reception staff at this hotel. The breakfast restaurant is excellent. Reception staff are very bad in dealing
Very weak. . Cleanliness is very bad
I did not expect this level. . I never expected this very poor level of services, and it never deserves stars and it is impossible to book it again.
Like what Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq said, the legend said that people differed opinions on them in a contradictory way. People who loved her very much and people whose sensations are boring, I am from people to her sense of boring.
Bad service and all foreigners. . They gave us a room other than those we booked or changed it, or even compensated us, Al-Muwamiyya and Al-Kufi. The reception was due only after we demanded it, and it was not late the second day.
Very weak. Very bad experience. Everything. The door of the room does not work, as the lock is ruined. There is an unpleasant smell in both the room and the bathroom. Dirt and floor furniture ..
I respect Nizar&#39;s choices, for he knows how his soul separated him with all these poems, but I am satisfied with part of this poem. When we were ... in the Kataeb, young. They injected us with the absurdity of saying day and night. They taught us:. Woman&#39;s knee is rough ... The woman&#39;s laughter is naked. Her voice is behind the peep hole. They photographed sex for us ... Gula with large tusks. Children suffocate, virgin food. Our fear ... from the punishment of God, is that we adore it. They threatened us with knives ... so we dreamed. We grew up ... as deserts. We lick salt ... and stump dust. On the day when science was in our days ... let him hold our feet ... in a grin .. and mat. Distort us ... Distort the feeling in us and the feeling. They separated our bodies from us .. ages and ages
I think there is no difference between reading Al-Jabarti and reading this novel. The events of that period are attractive and have their own charm, which attracts you in the novel. The reality of what I read about him in his reliance on various events of history as the centerpiece of his novels, this novel strongly confirms this to the degree that I remember complete paragraphs mentioned by Al-Jabarti in his history among the events of the novel.
The situation has become more physical. . Why wasn&#39;t Wi-Fi crazy? All five-star hotels offer free Wi-Fi, and there is a lot of crowds at reception and there are only two employees.
I got the idea. I preferred the length of the book Adwar over the novel Malaghash. Oh God, I don&#39;t talk a little. And a few intermittent tales, thinking that she is doing this. Little opaque inscriptions. There are no events ... this is not a novel. And the idea became popular with any Arab movie before that. From the first sleep in honey, through the ostrich and the peafowl ... And finally, a cultural movie, but that is it. I understand, for example, the shortcomings remain to prevent. And his replacement is famous. Why, she was just entering the market as usual, she would pass unnoticed without anyone paying any attention
Grilled potatoes and juices were the best I had.
Unfortunately, its advantage over all the Dubai hotels and its stars. Its decoration, luxury and location. My delay in entering knowing that I sent an email and told them the occasion of marriage and I was late I booked a diplomatic suite and did not give it to me. They gave me a normal room with a hall connected to a large door and I did not need it and they told me this is the most luxurious and the bathroom was not like the picture as I booked it in the bank failed the service room I saw in my life I asked them Snow and they brought it after completing the dinner half an hour and I did not receive it. There was nothing in the room for the occasion of marriage, for example cake or pieces of chocolate, just a flower. I asked them for breakfast. The fruits in the room are old and not clean. I informed the employee of the service and did not change the balcony. It was dirty and they did not clean it while they entered the room unfortunately. The Fa Experience Him and I would not recommend aa repeats its final entertainment as a hotel for work trips only
Very weak. Glutinous costume.
Very weak. . Frankly, one of the worst hotels that I entered
I am not familiar with history, but I liked the story of Qamar and described Cairo in the past .. It made me live a charming atmosphere ... When moving to modern stories, I found a shorthand for women&#39;s problems related to belonging to a faction .. Other than that, she was free and did not suffer any problems related to her freedom .. Besides the writer&#39;s prejudice On this political faction, which seems clear from the beginning of the mention of his name .. and continues to repeat what is reported to us daily in the media without anything new ... Maybe I would have enjoyed reading this novel more if I did not find this aspect of politics that overshadowed a large part Of which..
It is an old hotel and it smells bad. Nothing special, please match the photos to the hotel. The purpose of the stay was a children&#39;s pool, unfortunately it was closed and we did not know about it before the attendance
The bedspreads are not clean, and the bathroom chair has a shattaf. . Indian psychology right to the pool cleans, we praise the bedspreads and its scream, the bathroom is not enough, and the coffee is in the lobby.
Very weak. nothing. everything
Unfortunately, the book is not sweet. Wrap around two such topics, and I felt that it is a political magazine that talks about the needs of those who have come of age, meaning before I was born. Of course, I do not understand any need of the subjects to revolve around it, because I am not present at this event, and I do not know who is right and who is wrong. Simply, this is the only benefit I got from this book. I knew a lot of events that I did not know, and I found sweet topics such as studying and researching them. But for the first book I hold for Mustafa Mahmoud, I feel that I want him to be saved quickly:. Unfortunately two stars. May God have mercy on you, Duc, but the book is exaggerated
It was especially boring in the first half, which was based on the narration of clips of letters and clippings and others. Even when he returned, Ismail lifted the reins of the narration. However, its mystery was delicious, and its end was strange. And just ...
Certainly those mentioned in the book are among the first members of the group or the people of the Muslim Brotherhood as a solution to the writer and described by them are totally different from those who carried their brigade, or this is exaggerated in their description
I tried it once alone and I think the last time it was the level of eating and the service was less than good eating very cold and without any taste .. and very slow
Very weak. nothing. Entry and exit system, colors are bleak, room size is small, bathroom is broken
Always disappointing. . I booked at this resort more than three times by booking dot. How often and every time the chosen villa differs from the one he received and every time the same situation is repeated at the reception, lack of respect for the guest and made him wait for long until he receives the villa. We waited until the fourth hour by claiming the request is not available and We have to wait for the other guest to be able to leave and clean them. At the urgency and inquiries, the employee shouted and verbally verbally abused us, and when calling the official, they gave us a villa similar to the request, but we were surprised when arriving with very noisy voices from the villa above us, then it turned out that there were maintenance jobs that did not calm down until messenger The sunset came, and the next day they returned to work from the early morning, we could not sleep, and the villa had all kinds of insects and the bathroom did not clean well and the staff did not have enough information as I called before booking to make sure that breakfast was served in the morning. Can you turn for breakfast? Fasting during Ramadan, and the employee answered yes, but upon arrival, they told us that it is for suhoor, not breakfast and suhoor, it will not be at the restaurant and at the buffet, but rather, they will send meals to the rooms.
disappointing. The site is unique and beautiful buffet as well as the pool. Poor cleanliness of the place. The furniture is old and lack of attention to it. Some of the curtains are torn and part of the sofa ............ There are some bad smells when parking lots. Not caring about the inmate from a screen, service, and succession.
Weak. . Smoke everywhere
The dark cave. Nothing is forbidden to give him a high evaluation. The price was tonight, and this hotel is not worth more than at night. The darkness is dark, whether you are at night or day, there are no services, and nothing final to bless it and a room, even if it is my heritage. What is the barrier you feel yourself? As I wrote for two nights, and they refused, they returned the price of these two nights, so that I don’t know what we called. I don’t find a situation and entered it in two dimensions. The worker says, I went to you, the reception is lying, not available along the rest of the restaurant. Spirit, I walk and pocket yourself, because the taxi is not close to the hotel. Two nights were torment, and Ahmed my Lord was like the two nights after me, even if I lost money in the restaurant. There is an internal and external section. Magrt on this image
Very weak. I did not like anything in a hotel. The services are very bad, and water was cut off from all the hotel rooms, under the pretext of being broken in a major line of water for hours to hours, and distributing water bottles to the rooms of the staff.
Mold. Location. Poor reception services, more than one sofa, sitting room in worn out room
I read it from a time ago, I can no longer believe anything related to human hydration
No comment . . The service is bad and there is no safety
It is forbidden for him to evaluate. Nothing is mentioned except near the sanctuary. Price, hygiene, air conditioning and treatment
Hotel for the homeless. . Hotel does not rise to human beings
I reached a page and threw it, this book or what? :
I didn&#39;t think her village needed this bad before, but it is really bad. The topic is sensitized by a boring Arabic series that expects every need in it from the words that it says ... its style is not refreshing to a sincere narration, telling events in a boring manner and feels it writing a script that is not a novel .. a second point is a realistic novel story that covers the de Shayef, it is a purely commercial issue and the number of copies .. In addition, the writer says the wrong words and establishes this idea, which is the use of individuals and devices of God to achieve something for himself .. The overall is unfortunately bad.
Antichristos == Antichrist. The writer discusses the plans of the Zionists in building the Temple of Solomon in Holy Jerusalem, in preparation for the descent of the Antichrist. From the title, I thought it was a horror novel, but it is a book or a novel, or both? A horror novel is a book on history, politics and religions. It depicts a group of stories in an interesting plot, from Nimrod, Harut and Marut, to the great strife to Dracula, to the Knights of the Temple, to the occupation of Palestine, to Freemasonry and Zionism. It reminded me of Dan Brown&#39;s novels that touched on some of these topics. All the characters mentioned in this novel are real characters with their own hands, hell and demons. In this book, the devil has a hand in all the previous events. It may be right. The accursed satanic devil is what grows evils, but this only manifests itself in the weak believer, and this in itself is only done with the permission of the Lord of the Worlds. You have no authority over them. If something is wrong with her, then it is the absence of reliable sources for some stories, including Harut and Marut, and the Great Fitna. If you are a Jew, Christian, Protestant, Shia, British, American, or Turkey, then you will definitely enjoy this book and if you are an Arab, you will feel ashamed and Muslim feel proud of blame
disappointing. The presence of markets below the hotel and the presence of the hotel in the city center. A very normal hotel, not worth five stars, and the price is very overrated
I will not fulfill this hotel its right even if I say it is terrible this hotel is a brothel. It is a place for prostitutes and pimps, and is never suitable for families and couples. The ground floor is full of prostitutes all day of the week and around the clock, the bathrooms are filthy, and the noise at night is very disturbing, and I promise you that you will not fall asleep for a few seconds. You will hear car horns, people screaming and music terribly loud. I was very disgusted and simply refused to go to breakfast there. Never choose this hotel, unless you are looking for the cheapest prostitutes in Dubai, UAE.
A hotel I absolutely do not recommend and God testifies to me. For complete privacy only .. Unfortunately, many things I did not like: / Its location is very far from the Hermos How much was mentioned in the Albuquerque as a way to block the Kaaba mountain road. Buses are not accurate on time, and you stop before the campus within a minute distance, the road is bad and dangerous, and there is no taxi. / The hospitality is very bad and there are no services. Breakfast is very, very modest and not worth four stars. / If you reserve, they withdraw the value of the first night and you cannot retrieve it, whatever your circumstances. Wi-Fi does not work most of the time. / The reception is bad and they do not answer the phone. Knowing that I contacted, advised, and warned them, but unfortunately no one responds, and no one will pass you over. God is what I say a martyr
A very bad hotel. This hotel is located in the downtown area. It is very in the street. All the international brands and its location is excellent. Unfortunately, the service is very bad and suspicious. Also, the service is bad and uncooperative. The heat is greater than the daily heat, and that is on August. Unfortunately, the hotel is in a more than excellent location, but two workers carrying bags are more than excellent. But I like to add the bathroom in the room is great. Noticeably the hotel is very large and has very, very many rooms, but the receptionists are not helpful to clients.
A lost novel and continental dispersion ... I summarize the novel with words that correspond to the method followed by the author: He was, and he did not love, nor loved her, he died and did not die. I ended it with difficulty in five days, the first reading of the writer Ibrahim Nasrallah was unsuccessful ... I do not find me eager to read it again
The end is not too much
Sitr was the hand that offered me to shake hands with Raja Alam .. I completed it in her literary language, lavish beauty, not story.
One of the worst-treated hotels, old building. . Misuse of reception staff
Refined style ...
Not acceptable to families. I just look. The mattress contained blood stains on the air conditioner in the main room. The reception staff did not respond to any calls from the rooms. The oven The night club did not work with music sounds until after dawn The available limousine received high wages that are exaggerated Some of the electric operators do not work some of the hotel visitors who spent the night At the night club and they came out with inappropriate clothes and shameful
His memories are fun. Beautiful for everyone who suffers a bad thing. He wants to improve on his own
Very weak. . The place is very dirty and bad handling
Weak. . Bad reception. Hours up to log in, all crew treated bad
The book was a black and white film on an Indian movie on a children&#39;s story. Anyone read it.
Worst stayed in a hotel in my life. . There is a bad smell when entering the room even with cleaning the room and spraying air fresheners do not go. The furniture is old, the bathroom is scratched old, and there are black lines on the edge of the sink. I think it is mold.
I will not stay again in Zamzam. Only the helpful cleaning staff. The reception is bad, you do not recognize the book. I am a monument in the bookings, but your booth was I was living in a room. After payment and the approval of the supervisor, it was withdrawn to another person, and I was late until I got another year.
The reception was poor, lack of respect for the customers, and the hotel residents were greatly appreciated. . The reception was poor, lack of respect for the customers, and the hotel residents were greatly appreciated
Not worth the paid value. Yes, in the room. The hotel price is high with no pool and bathroom amenities
Frankly, in my view, it is a book that has no effect from the novels that you read and ask yourself in the other. What have you benefited? The use of non-religious words and words is terrible. The rebellion is very visible in every word. Some of the stages in Alqasaa is actually entirely inspired by the West, unless our society was actually a Western Baba
Unfortunately, the novel is very boring, with no dramatic plot, a relationship of love, mysticism, and clandestine groups to control needs that are not adequately enclosed.
The world is fortunate. At a time when the talented young writer does not really find an opportunity to publish his book because he is without medium and is not publishing this book, which, had it not been for the owner who is famous and famous for being published, the book does not carry new ideas and its style is poor, It is written in colloquial dialect and I do not like books written colloquially except in a few exceptions ,, I regretted the time and the twenty pounds that were lost on this book. New book blacklisted
The beginning of the title failed me to avoid any need to unleash my imagination, as it was written. Most of the speech was normal and touchy. Blended under certain configurations and phrases. I felt that in a seed for a sweet need after that. And if the first experience remains Hale .. I salute you for the courage to take a step:
Very bad restaurant, bad service, and the taste of food is very bad
Significant improvements are required. My stay in the Pride Hotel was unique in that the fuse lamps greeted me at the corridor lights corridor between the common rooms. The coffee served to me at the breakfast buffet was a little warm, although I ordered hot coffee. There was no servant at the omelette table, and I had to wait for a servant to come and serve me food. The car seat covers that were provided to me were filthy, and after my order they changed them. The faucets in the ground floor toilets are not usable, and I brought this up to the existing official and informed him about it. The Pride name, which means proud in Arabic, does not match the type of maintenance in this hotel. I believe this hotel is rented by the management of Pride. I will never stay and would not advise any of those coming to Chennai on a business trip to stay at this hotel. Sanjay Kumar
I gave her only one star, not for the novel. Indeed, she does not deserve any star. What really saddens me is that how can this literary and rhetorical treasure write the most boring novel that I have read in my life. In fact, I changed a super effort to complete it. I started it a year ago and I got bored. To infinity. The whole story is tears of Nasser, who how much I hate a personality like him of men who sits to take away his luck all the time and for the sake of Maha, the playful girl who did not free either Hassan, Saad or Nasser to marry Salem after she was satisfied with each one of them. What surprises me is that he is a Saudi who tells these units of Saudi society that he is in her room before her wedding night, oh God, she never challenged any girl, and any love for her. The only thing that I liked is the character of Deyaar only so it is totally against Nasser. The literary style is not appropriate for the narrator, I have already completed it because I do not want to keep a novel that I did not complete in my library.
Bad . . Old and not add and unpleasant smell
In short, it is really strange that she won the poker prize
I like the estrogen test, I like the situations in which he laughs, and the one who cries is more than one. There is a need to criticize her: When Marwa Gat greeted the bearded man and his brother, he said: He does not greet him and extend his support to him, and he has greeted her with an honorable one. Then greet the man again, and he said to him, Peace be upon me, on the correct understanding of religion and faith, peace, the Prophet, may God bless him. Upon him, peace and blessings be upon him, he said that to stab one of you with a sewn of iron, it is better for him to touch a woman who is not permissible for him. Two crimes, of course, behaved by each of the first, I admire you, that is, yes, she made a tight plan, but there is a lot of harm to people. What do you mean? You can live a happy life in her life, and come on, causing all the harm, and the harm that comes to her all. The joke is the novelty of the novel, the mind of the man whose brain is clean, and the most sensible person in the novel is all a mathematical man in a manner that is beyond description. Thank you, Mr. Sharif, for your success
Value does not match the hotel services. . The elevator is not functioning, poor internet, inappropriate services
disappointing. . A dilapidated and misfortune apartment, it is renewed compared to its competitors. The organization of the rooms is not modern and there is no sound insulation due to the inconvenience of the adjacent street.
I can&#39;t finish it, I can&#39;t. Alia, Your Victory, won the first book in my life, Makhlmoush:. May God forgive who suggested this book to me. The star of the time that was lost. I mean, I read something colloquially and it was sweet, but it is very slang colloquial and not soaked in hard. The ideas are very primitive. I read a page that I benefited from? Nothing . You should classify yourself as a thinker, see yourself well. It was said that there are no Muslim women, but we say that you are happy, congregation, and they are cautioning: “There is no Muslim woman who can grieve better.” I am sorry, I am for the time that was lost in this book
Unsafe and subject to quarrels with anyone Everyone in Cairo fights even before leaving the airport The suitcase was unhappy with tipping and insisted on stopping our taxi. When we inquired about the cost of the trip, he said it cost an Egyptian pound, but on some few meters we found an ordinary taxi in white and yellow with a meter, and he said that it costs only Egyptian pounds. The hotel does not have a safe in every room. They only have a public safe in the hallway with its keys hanging on the wall The breakfast was good and the location is great but we were harassed by shop owners and taxi drivers once they left the hotel. It would not be pleasant.
Perhaps ... we finish in December ... a story like all stories ... I don&#39;t know I felt a linguistic momentum without events. I remembered the style of Muhammad Hassan Alwan .. known to sail linguistically without the accelerating events ... There are many quotes from this narration, just as in her first work I loved you too much ... There are similar things between her work this and the first ... In the topic which is love is Completed .. the place is a western country ... we need more local and to renew topics ... only ..
The hotel has a guest and the guest has a thousand. Thank you. The place and the abundance of shops in the mall. Unfortunately, the room is not ready with the contents of the bathroom, wipes, and garbage baskets without bags for garbage and upon departure Waiting for more than half an hour and contacting several times and without avail to work out and download the bags and the most strange Not to deliver an invoice to receive the amount upon entry and at the exit and not to sign with the departure for the guest and this is not from the hotel policy and order I was surprised
I was really upset about this novel… It was better for Mahfouz that he was not writing it. He wrote the novel The Generations, before the trilogy of the three Harafish and the two. It is a shame that they remember and we are talking about this novel. What did Mahfouz offer in this novel ?? .... I do not know. The novel contains very, very many personalities and personalities that are indispensable, that is, necessary in the novel .... O believer, the most character I am talking about was in pages and personalities that took the text of a page; And who annoys you more, it is arranged according to the alphabet, I mean, is it possible for a name to remain in the fifth generation, after which you will meet the name of the first generation? I am very upset with you, uncle Naguib
A bad experience . Very normal I do not recommend it. The hotel needs to re-furnish the used furniture in addition to the late entry
The reason for the two stars is the boldness of the writer in formulating politics in the content of the narrator because when you almost reach the end of the novel, you find yourself flipping in the novel to reach the date of printing the novel, and the second reason is to discuss it from the novel in a purely direct way, which makes you feel that you are reading a book and not a novel that there is a difference between religiosity Virtual and spiritual. In the first pages of a novel, I calculated that what I read is nothing but a historical introduction to the novel, and then I found that I read the novel. The first pages give an impression of the extent of the narration to which the novelist was unfortunately attracted .. I think I understood the meaning of a new type of narration, which is. // . . .
A boring novel and a very repetitive and traditional story
All of Abdullah Al-Maglouth&#39;s books and articles talk about the same thing and the same method .. I think it is enough to read one book for him
The price is overrated for their services. . The style and treatment of workers in the coffee shop and restaurant, exaggerated prices, and the exploitation of the poor elevators
Good one. massage. Internet services
The novel is beautiful, adorable, adorable and cooler characterization, expecting a much better ending, although the writer hunts in murky water. I advise everyone who wants to read it to read after: Tis Azazel in Mecca
A bad experience . Breakfast lacks at least a lot of juice and cheese. The refrigerator is very noisy, the water flows under it, the seats are very bad and worn out, its sitting is uncomfortable, the bathroom is bad and the quilt is very heavy and the mattress is old
I hope to develop. Proximity. Buffet C is the quality and venue for buffet and design
The two star states of the author, narration, style and attention to small detail were excellent. You read the scene, you will feel before you. The story itself, in my view, was very bad. The novel tells about the Al-Garhi family, one of the pioneers in the drug trade. The great grandfather succeeded in placing one of his grandchildren in a sensitive position in the Ministry of the Interior, in order to inform them of all the police that they were thinking about and the matter returned to them with terrible gains. But after the police period, you discover the betrayal of this grandson, the family turns against him, and the length of the story is the grandson who will prefer in conflict with his family who turned against him. The beast in the novel from my point of view is two needs, the first need is that there are no surprises, from the first novel and I expected most of what will happen after this, and everyone who talks about it suddenly will be very expected. The second need is the area of lions in which all the characters fell into, naturally, or in most actions, the human soul and the characters play in the Ramadi area, to allow the reader that he sympathizes a little and thinks about the character, but here all the characters were black, criminals in criminals in criminals together, . White on its own is a monster, and its cold in black on its own is a monster, gray is the only real and real
Excellent stay. Breakfast was so comfortable that the bed was not comfortable. Almost everything
Advice not to live. One of my worst hotel experiences. everything
Weak. Wi-Fi only. Breakfast did not rise to the acceptable level. The bathroom is very very bad and small in size. Not comfortable sleeping due to hearing the street from outside, due to the lack of tightly closed windows.
good . Expand the apartment. Smell in the apartment is old furniture
The beginning was a wonderful first paper. And I said that Da Bayne will make it or what. After that, I turned to the idea of mashing a million times. It means if you reached his mind, flipped and entered his page. Very normal and no surprise. The description was in the words of Adam’s father when he said. If this was a movie from the third class. American ...... etc. Actually this is a description of the novel. After all, this end must remain impressive. New and unexpected for the reader, it must remain fictional. And unrealistic ???. .........
I would recommend not staying in this hotel because of the poor service, reception and lack of hygiene in general. There is no single admiration for this hotel except its location only.
Beautiful words and beautiful prose ... full of feelings, but what I do not like coordinating them in the form of poems .. or poetry .. they are not poetry but rather prose and, in my opinion, reduce their level .. prose is one thing and poetry is another thing .. but quite a bit
A book about how to live simply without complications. Initially it was beautiful and then slowly and slowly became boring. I do not agree with him on some of the above, especially his criticism of BlackBerry and its users and its praise on Facebook and Facebook. Because, through my experience, I have seen the same negative impact on the lives of most of them in case of addiction to use it. I liked the Starbucks segment and linked it or likened it to Picasso because I was and still see it as a mess. But she was luxurious and wore an aura that made him ignorant of or disliked from the Stone Age. Generally, the book has particles that are worth reading
The hotel is very bad. The location of the hotel is close to all services such as the mosque, international restaurants, Indian restaurants, etc. and a supermarket. The hotel is old, once worn out, the bed is broken, and the kitchen is very clean. Too bad a woman&#39;s underwear got inside the kitchen drawer. The price is too much for a room and lounge
For me, the book does not rise to the level of good, for it did not attract me like the rest of Ahmed Khaled Tawfik&#39;s works
Staying in it is better than sleeping in the car or street. Close proximity to the exhibition grounds. In short. Sleeping is better than sleeping in the street or the car
As I read it, I felt that the writer was passing those notes in front of his eye without feeling that he would live like those days.
Simple caricatures .. But the writer tries to convey a meaning through it .. He is sure every drawing has a meaning that he tries to convey it from the words written alongside it, but I did not understand all the words .. But the book is dominated by the character of mockery of reality and the desire to liberate and start. He is young and does not mean a monster ... so take a look my friend =
Unfortunately, it was an unfortunate stay, a real break. God bless us. Unfortunately I did not like it, the price is very high for the service provided .. there are no towels in the bathrooms. Reception gets bored until they get back to you. There is no service to carry bags.
disappointing. . There is no free Wi-Fi, room cleaning is very late, and not like other hotels in the early morning
Weak. . Not as I expected and the price is high
Unfortunately very disappointed. . The Internet is not free, the staff is unfortunately not welcome, they ask for an amount of insurance in a provocative manner, unlike the luxury international hotels, old decorations.
Oi eggs
I am not foolish .. I liked the historical side in it. I am not talking about the Russians and the Czechs. .. It is advised to read the novel once or in two parts because it contains many details that can be forgotten in discontinuous reading
Eternity is an ornament of one who is conscious, not of reproductive
Surprised that the name Meridian. . All services are weak ... especially bed linen has a stench ... I do not recommend it ... until it changes ...
The only reason I bought this book and completed it until the last word is its charming style of word manipulation. Aside from that, I am against the ideas that were presented by others, especially as they touched on religion.
The novel is a separate event, but it is also related ..... related to one idea. The novel, of course, is not on the same level as the other writers&#39; stories, or with the same strength to attract attention. But this does not diminish the narrative style or the interconnectedness of ideas. Nor does it diminish the talent of the genius writer Mohamed Sadiq
disappointing. . The reception staff did not like me
It is not a monster, but it is not sweet. Not distinguished in need. There is nothing I read that shook me and felt that it was stuck in my brain .. this is just an opinion. It is possible to mistake me and I, who are among the neighborhoods mentioned in the book:
Repent, I go there. So normal. The additions and beds are laid out by kherbaneh and its iron. See the room smell from the bathroom smell
Very bad . . I was given a room and found another brother
From the books that make you indigestion, I could not complete these trivialities
Ordinary, somehow boredom. And if you put it in a police form, which is searching for the murderer or a method of its act ?? Turning, Ismail turned up to a Sherlock Holmes police investigator or even Inspector Conan. Were it not for our knowledge of the author&#39;s ideas and his unfinished creations in the world of literature, we would have said that the idea is merely a demonstration of a foreign naive horror film, which he did here with exaggerated power, where the details are Egyptian to the core. Just a novel under the horror section of horror, which is the unpopular part of myself in the series
A question for Ahmad Murad. No, I mean, they are all girls, their hair is maroon .. no other colors? . ... The second question remained for Ahmed Murad. Yes, I mean, why is the hero always looking up to his troubles, drunk and sold six, and the son of a dog, and it is possible to kill someone in the midst of events, because his railroads mean normal, and the other man escapes from this whole, and the heroine marries and travels the Caribbean Islands, guiding his nerves after every need .. .. where Virtue? .. Did you go on a short trip until your novel won the title of bestseller? Then she will come back again ... or has she gone to hell forever? . O believer, this is the most respected one for you. He was wearing a Spanish scarf. Oh, sleep, he stayed. Caused us. Ahmed Murad is similar to the star of the net, his novels turn from bad to worse..People will utter him one day, just as they did with Mohamed Saad.
His arguments are weak and his words are not convincing in general
My evaluation of the novel was only on its first half, because in reality I could not complete it beyond the half. Perhaps my evaluation is not fair, because novels usually spawn their aesthetics from the middle and beyond, but the element of suspense in the first middle stays increased to the reader to reach the second middle. And this increase was not really found. Language is costly boring, and the exclamation marks used in the novel are enormous. I don’t know why
Sorry, Sohail, but your story is not known, and it is not true
. The novel revolves in a struggle between the toxicity of the anthropologist and anthropologist is the science of studying the features of man as mentioned by the author, which like the rest of the scholars does not find adequate appreciation in her country despite the warmth of the West in it. Somehow Somaya finds a strange animal, neither he is a monkey, nor a human being, nor a man of the jungle. You are trying to search behind this object for its origin and secret. Meanwhile, her former lover, Issam, an anthropologist, who left her years ago, also returns to a dispute about the feasibility of traveling abroad compared to staying in this moldy quagmire, which scholars cannot appreciate. What is important, Samira aspires to this strange creature, and provokes his scientific instinct, so he decides to help her in her research by all possible means to the extent that he summoned his fellow researchers in Canada to assist them in this research. The events revolve to discover that Samira is a believer in Darwin&#39;s theory of evolution. And that he used this object to make research that confirms Darwin&#39;s theory, which he believes explained the secret of the origins of the universe. Issam atheist, and from here begins the conflict between her and him, she is trying to reverse it from this path with knowledge and religion together, and he repels it with all what he teaches from systematic scientific theories and studies about Darwin and his idiotic theory. Samira somehow discovers that this creature is likely to be from the Gog and Magog, and if she succeeds in proving it, Darwin&#39;s theory will be struck with death. From the first meeting with a sheikh and a single Quranic verse, she discovers her idea wrong. The conflict continues and many surprises occur as the events pass until the end comes. .
An expected novel from its first to its end. For new ones and does not differ from the narratives spread these days among readers. And its end brought back to memory beautiful days that have become past.
A two-hour book that only makes sense of Murphy&#39;s laws
Do not let them deceive you as they deceived me in Ajoda, they showed me a five-star facility and when I entered there I found that it was only three stars I booked this hotel apartment in November of a year for a period of three weeks through the Ajoda website. When I inquired about the place before booking it, they told me that it is a five-star facility, and when I got there, I discovered that it was just three stars. The reception crew is not smiling in your face or greeting you and does not know anything about the area, and it is best to know this through Gogol. The pool is extremely narrow and dirty and that&#39;s why nobody uses it. The restaurant area does not add anything. As you are staying in a hotel apartment, you expect the best types of food, but you do not find what to choose from. My experience with this hotel is very bad and I advise you to search for another place as Al Barsha area is full of hotel apartments. It is not worth what was paid for. As for landscapes, they are not found at all.
Excellent location and below-average service. Excellent location. Room cleaning service
Short blogs characterized by wit..I did not understand some of them, I felt as if I was reading separate words that are not related to the word before .. I was not eager to read the rest of the stories and I passed them quickly .. I liked to forget
Speed in completing the housing. . The air conditioner has a stench
disappointing. Direct exit to the Sanctuary Square, breakfast is good, dinner is excellent. Cleanliness is not good, room service is late for service
The book is an analytical study of the four revolutions of Russian Bolshevik, French, English and American. The book made me bored in some parts. I suffered from a lot of terms. Some information needs backgrounds about it
An ancient name in hotels, but dealing as a one-star hotel. . The reception staff treated very well does not imply the professionalism of the Holiday Inn group and it is an early entry request but they did not deal with my request in any professional way
Not interesting. As if you see the stories of a superman with his translation
In general, the first part of this message was boring and unhelpful. The second half, most of what was written about the causes of weakness and the condition of the previous western and eastern nations, helped me a little. And behind what was useful to me is to mention Arslan about the news of the West, but the reasons for the weakness of Muslims are mostly known to me. But what caught my attention was that the writer was an educated, knowledgeable, not a fanatic, and a tolerant Muslim
Weak service, the shyness of the hotel staff from foreigners and Saudis, unfortunately, except for Mr. Adel, the alternate manager. Reception decor only, with greetings from Brigadier / Abdul Rahman Othman Al-Mutlaq. The pink workers and the Saudis, their lack of modesty, lack of morals, arrogance to the people, and their preoccupation with mobile and fixed phones only, leaving the guests waiting more than necessary
Whoever eats of it cracks my head and my stomach ache:
Unsatisfactory . The receptionist is a kind and helpful person. The rooms were changed, although I booked two rooms one by one separately and although my children registered them as adults for the sake of their comfort I was given two rooms with some and only one bathroom for more than seven people
Masta Latta: a broken Arabic language. Halal literature of literature does not rise to be literature .. it is still a failure
When I started reading the introduction to this book, I thought I would learn about great ideas in the psychology of the masses, but later it became clear to me that it was nothing more than a set of unorganized ideas but rather illusions of a writer sanctifying the mind at the expense of the soul and respecting individual selfishness at the expense of the group and If the group was faithful and faithful, and in clear contradiction it claims that the civilization of mankind would not have been without the sacrifices and heroism of these groups and then returned to accuse them of foolishness and inferiority just because of their meeting. And in a clear strange confusion puts the leaders of humanity from the prophets and messengers in the same classification with the leaders and autocrats, and ultimately returns to make the balance of differentiation between people is race. And if he had seen some verses of the Great Qur’an or had any of them taught him, he would have been able to understand many of the psychology of individuals and the masses. It was sufficient for him to understand the Almighty saying:. O people, we created you from male and female, and made you people and tribes to know if I honor you with God. To learn from this verse how a person can live as part of a group that he recognizes and engages in and may walk with it with the strength of the audience that the writer talks about, but the person remains a special individual represented by his relationship with God, the One and Only, which determines its value as a person who will be held accountable on the Day of Resurrection, either To rise above the angels or to fall below the cattle. This value is determined by the Almighty saying: To honor you with God, I will protect you from this value and this individualism that prevents the believer from melting in an audience or a group whose main source is the doctrine of monotheism that is rooted in the believer’s heart and which makes him able to distinguish, criticize and choose because he is his servanthood to God alone and not a leader Neither party nor group ... .............. And the corrupt hypocritical leader Napoleon seems to be the model on which the writer builds his general view of the leader and the masses, and he is perhaps excused. Because he did not meet in his lifetime a valid model true complete morals and faith, and perhaps he did not believe in its existence at all, but this model is present and represented By the prophets and messengers whom God sent to guide humanity and the master of creation, Muhammad, peace be upon him, the Seal of Prophets is the greatest example ... and the group that was around him from the audience of pure and pure companions is completely different from the masses that the writer spoke about, those companions, may God be pleased with them, were able to They work together with the principle of Shura and Justice as one body without that preventing them from thinking as great individuals who are able to criticize and analyze away from blind followers ...
This novel collected many needs for the first time for me. The first time I read to Ahmad earlier. And the first novel I bought without asking anyone for it. And the first novel I write about review. ... I don’t know the novel is so hard and brutal that I only have one star in it ?? Can not the conditions that I read it ?? Especially since I read it after Chicago, which was smooth and fun to read. ... In general, the novel is long overdue and I felt that it was an Egyptian film in terms of the events expected. The usual end of evil will die and good will live. Why do you not know why the writers and authors are determined that evil must end and eliminate it and live in steadfastness and plant? Although reality is rarely the opposite. And the usual spree, of course, from the description of weapons and others. By returning it in some exaggerated terms, the word does not help, and it does not find a justification that the writer uses it, because it adds meaning that is better or makes you imagine the novel better. And all of them are com, and the hero is another com, who loves any one written in her female card. The novel that made me think, I write once, that I am passing it through, but I have robbed the money that I paid for it. ... And at the end of the novel, I discovered that all the decisions I made in this period, including the fact that I am buying the novel
Disabled Egyptian TV:
Weak. . The lounge chairs were very dirty, I asked for breakfast and it was bad and cold and served to me in a rudimentary way
disappointing. Location. The room lifts are very bad, the bathrooms are very, very, very bad
A group of articles published by Nabil Al-Mojil. Cynical writing is very pungent, some cynicism found it unbearable and sometimes narrowed creation. The book is simple, easy to call, walking fast, and realistic theses. But I do not recommend it though. The book&#39;s name is Bill and Nabil, does it reflect the book in my hands?
Much worse than the first part, I am so glad I saved it and got rid of it
A book on the doors of the saga will be discussed in the next meeting of Ketabi Club
Vacation I spent nights in Tropital are not the most beautiful nights, but it can be called normal nights, and even less than normal. I faced many problems, the first of which was that all the staff are not trained enough to deal with people. Room service is not good. I found the room when receiving it is not clean at all The basin and the sea are very old and dilapidated .. The food items are very traditional and not new and refined daily, but the rescue team on the marina is not good at the art of dealing with people. Some of the negative points represented in the absence of any marine activities, so if you want to enjoy any marine activity, you should go to the village of Golden Five .. Professor Hatem met me, to whom I extend all thanks. It made me enjoy the wonderful sea and also you can do diving for free without any money
The first time I chose a light book to separate between two fatty books that are smoothing and luxurious in the way this is a waste of my time and I did not listen to read my qualification Ahmed Helmy has only one field and not several areas the best focuses in acting more than writing
I would not recommend staying at this hotel. There is nothing surprising about this hotel. Services are very good, especially laundry and room service
Dislike . I read a lot of beautiful quotes about him before I read it .. I love those who quote him and I do not like the book .. Her sadness is exaggerated and the idea that the words are directed to an irrational friend ... I stopped at the middle, maybe I will complete his reading later ..
The first thirty pages are the best ... Abdullah Thabet devotes his pains and concerns in the form of language. This is a well-known style followed by many artists / painters, writers and playlists as well. I find this technique effective in drawing and music, but in writing we need awareness of the language before it is emptied or at least after that.
If you are looking for a historical book, this is definitely not the book. If you are looking for integrated information for the stories of the prophets mentioned in the Qur&#39;an and completely for all people, this is definitely not the book. If you are looking for a narration in writing, non-prolongation, abundance of screws and examples that are incomplete to talk about, then definitely not this book. The writer mentioned in the book&#39;s name that it is a new reading and vision in the stories of the prophets and it may mean that he will not tell historical stories but rather will incorporate examples from the lives of the disobedient youth to find a solution to them in the stories of the prophets and sometimes in a boring way and that he will not address the full stories. For example, the story of our master Moses and our master Jesus was not mentioned at all. The story of our master Ayoub is brief on the scourge only. I read in this book until I became bored and jumped paragraph after paragraph hoping to come up with a complete story, not combined with personal opinions and strange analyzes. The book is on about one page, and it can be summed up in comfort
Housing in the ruin. Location only. Everything: the reception is not qualified, the room service does not respond, when you call your call is transferred to several people and you do not get the required service, the cleaning tools increase the dirt, the number of employees is not enough, the restaurant is not that good, there is no place for smoking except outside
Mapo Sn. The loss of the location on the sea in them. Price and correspondingly zero
Writer Kwes style and able to write. But the novel itself has no meaning and no need. And I do not understand what is necessary for the last papers in the novel, something needed, very straightforward
The hotel is deteriorating. The space in the rooms is excellent. The air conditioning is excellent. The room rugs are very poor, stained and not clean. Some bed linen contains stains. Cleanliness is very bad, and staff hardly responds. We need to call them more than once to get a response. Unavailability of the wardrobe and the hygiene official&#39;s claim that she is not in the hotel, when a cleaner came
A very simple book that mimics the concerns of the Egyptian citizen .. but in colloquial language and this disturbed me .. The writer could have merged dialogues colloquially while preserving the narration in Arabic. The idea is good .. and a book of one sitting type
A nice and light book, but it is denounced that it contains opinions, and I object to it strongly and strongly:
Not worth evaluation. . I did not like anything, I was put in a room next to the reception and a public toilet for the hotel and the coverage of mobile networks is very bad and there is no Wi-Fi network this is but the room is very very narrow
Boring and very depressing as it lacks the element of suspense .... I was really attracted by the writer&#39;s wonderful style and literary constructs as a poet in the first place, which encouraged me to complete it
Poor level. . Uneven service
Malush book any necessary in life. Very silly short stories. And articles that will not benefit from any need and its idea is repetitive and sometimes boring. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, after the book and this book, I never intended to buy books. A loss in which no pounds, honestly
Watching the ad&#39;s adequacy, a new and innovative way a film team tried to present to announce their new movie, by throwing a robot into a demonic baby inside a stroller on New York&#39;s streets to terrorize the population remotely controlled. Within one day of launching the advertising video, and before it posters and propaganda pictures, and the advertisement of the film that attracted many audiences, stressing through terrifying and frightening clips that the film will achieve mass success, high revenues and with the first movie show in the galleries the result .... nothing in principle Like any horror movie with a bang The dark scenes and places are strange and shouting and loud voices about the events, and I think that this is the only good for the director Matt Bettenelli Olbin who will make you feel that in a horror movie from the ground up, and for sure, the story of the movie like they say, I faded fifteen times before and presented in the same form many works that revolve around A couple did not soon marry and spent their honeymoon until the wife discovers her quick pregnancy and begins signs of pregnancy on her, but her behavior changes and the dark and evil forces begin to control her .... and this will make you prefer a new second need that comes out of the film; like sound effects like tricks The cinematic bit Distinguish them with horror movies, meaning that there is no reason to regret wasting time and money in watching such a movie ... but the result was satisfied with nothing Matt Olben had previously made a movie / / and the one who revolves around the same theme forces the darkness or we can say that he took the same Dramatic script based on horror, in addition to some short films, whether it was an author or a director. Complementing the series Nil, the acting performance was largely dim and added nothing. The film on the site and the rotten tomatoes did not achieve any positive mention and did not exceed its evaluation more than, and I think that one is satisfied with watching the film’s declaration of adequacy, in order to achieve the horror that was himself and was expected.
I expected him to be stronger than that ... and I was afraid a little ... Also, the parts that were not taking the blue elephant were fleeing from him.
Two stars on the historical research situation, but style .... repulsive:
disappointing. . I do not advise families to enter the hotel because it contains discos and there are wines in it as it puts forbidden drinks in the refrigerator and a drink and it became clear to us that it is used and the reception is poor in dealing
The author mastered in Western terms. And I reached a stage where I doubted my wall saying that he would hear me like what was in the novel. I also talked about the closed Saudi society and its hidden worlds. Good story
The services and hygiene are no parking. . Services and hygiene in general were never satisfactory and lack of parking
Is bad. . Dealing
I loved you more than I should write you again.
Describing a lot more obscene than what must be .. Inevitably, the idea would reach Yasmar without describing the entire sexual process..Whoever reads to you are not children and do not need all this amount to understand what you wanted to deliver ... a very superficial treatment of deep issues ... not in my first book with Samar and still I don’t understand it… It seems as if her writing is all about sex. Many Arab writers described and wrote sex in their writings before..but the majority of them were writing to a reasonable extent..He does not make you feel nauseous and forces you to leave the book for some time until you complete reading it later ... As for Samar..for mercy, Lord ... it was a vulgar and disgusting description ... Certainly there was a lot in the life of the heroine before to write about him except for her father’s and mother’s relationships..and there was a lot to write about in the woman’s relationship with her servant except for the repeated provocative description of what he practiced together ... the one star of Samar’s language only..the brilliant language and fun description no I can deny it and I wanted..I read everything Samar wrote in the hope of enjoying her language without getting into the whirl of sex from It was as if all this world revolves around and all that it can write about .. But unfortunately, my hope was disappointed every time ... Readers accept sex in literature often if there is a meaning behind it..will understand it if it has an effect and justification in events..will accept it if It was reasonable and less obscene ... but they certainly would not do it if it seemed like everything was talking about the novel..and no one would blame them for that ..
I could not complete it to the end. Boring, and silly.
This book taught me not only the wisest of the titles, I thought that my beloved with dumbness would be the worst novel that I read until I finished reading this which is called a novel, perhaps what I read it works as a scenario for the Gulf series as the Gulf drama has nothing but repetition, unfortunately and like the character’s meekness in the novel was the story ,, Just an empty narration of a goal-free story. Everyone who reads this comment does not waste four hours of your life like I did with this book.
Thank you for this kind of story because it made me realize how amazing the five adventurers are
An annoying trip. Location. Room services are annoying and there is no room soundproofing
The revolution, as defined in Chamber&#39;s Encyclopedic Dictionary of the English Language, is a comprehensive, radical and far-reaching change in the ways of thinking and doing things. Yes, it is. People in the Arab world have revolted against corrupt and stagnant regimes because they seek the radical, far-reaching and comprehensive change described in this definition. They revolted because they felt betrayed and treacherous by political regimes ranging from imaginary kingdoms to faked authoritarian republics or what is known as royal republics or, a term coined by the liberal Egyptian activist Saad Eddin Ibrahim to depict the ingenious invention of Arab rulers in systems of government that is based on mixing the two monarchies Republican. This is how the people of the Arab world revolted because they found themselves left out of the race for human history. They revolted to tell others that there is no exception in human aspirations for freedom and human dignity .. My argument in this regard is that Edward Said&#39;s thinking about the Middle East, the ancient East, seems very real and predictive. Saeed&#39;s argument is that all of humanity shares the same ambition and hope for freedom. Freedom and human dignity have been proven true by these revolutions that penetrated the colonial empire from Mauritania in the west to the Sultanate of Oman in the east. The breadth and spread of these revolutions was the long-awaited hope for the imminent arrival of a historic moment which Edward Said preached .. Perhaps these revolutions are the best dedication to Edward Said seven years after his departure. It is but a delicate historical moment in which we remember Edward Saeed Al Hamasi’s defense of that region and its residents. Without a doubt, these great events are the most spontaneous and eloquent responses to stigmatizing Arabs, demonization, defamation, mutilation, and distortion practiced throughout history and in our contemporary time against Arabs and Muslims through the speeches of ancient and present Orientalists. We only have to acknowledge that this moment in Arab history will compel the last remaining Orientalists to disappear because magic and stagnation in Eastern history are no longer valid for them to take from it as a subject of research .. Orientalism as a cognitive phenomenon is a purely Western work creating an incorrect image Reductive, distorted from the East and its people and left accumulated cultural and academic roots upon which most of the institutions that invaded the Western mind from the East and the East depended. In Orientalist discourse, we are always faced with a deep-rooted image that says that there is an existential difference between the intrinsic nature of East and West, with the West decisively superior to its eastern counterpart. It is assumed in this Orientalist discourse that Western societies and the associated cultures, languages and mentalities are essentially superior in nature to those of Eastern as Edward Said goes by saying that the essence of Orientalism is the inherent distinction between Western superiority and Eastern inferiority .... Rudyard Kipling also goes on to say the aphorism is east-east, west-west, and they do not meet. In such dogmatic trends, the East remains impoverished, frozen, and eternal adversary to the West, and it has multiple functions in its spread on issues of culture, identity, and politics .. Because of these fundamental and fundamental differences between the two blocs, there should also be cognitive differences that see this type of conceptual tool, The scientific categories, social concepts, and description of ideological and political differences and their employment in order to understand and deal with western societies still exist, in principle, irrelevant, and not comparable with eastern ones. Perhaps this only and conjectured classification is the most fertile reference to partisanships and controversial debates such as those I mentioned earlier, which were presented by Bernard Lewis, Samuel Huntington, Daniel Pipes, and Richard Perle .... etc .. By the same token we find two modern Orientalist voices that confirmed Similar statements of exclusion and racial discrimination between the two identities, Western and Western, or West versus the rest of the world. In one of the famous Orientalist controversies, we find Bernard Lewis teaches us that in the interpretation of the Islamic political phenomenon it is not accurate to resort to that language that differentiates what is left and right, progressive and conservative, and other western terms ... The matter here is more like analyzing a cricket match by a baseball reporter. In a similar silly analogy, another orientalist like us goes on. a. R. He says that the application of the psychology and mechanisms of Western political institutions to Asian or Arab situations is closer to cartoon films for children such as those produced by Walt Disney .. The widespread Arab revolutionary position represents a state of questioning and skepticism toward the antique power that characterizes the post-war world in both East and West . Politically, this position appears outside the mainstream, and the silent majority that brought this change is unpredictable. Among these internal mechanisms that have achieved success that George Bush and his advisers from the Orientalist hawks armed with B, F, and F planes have not achieved, but this opposite civilization mission is still under threat if it does not receive adequate attention from monitoring and is vaccinated with wise and insightful thinking by creative minds. Such as that of thinkers like Edward Said. And at that defining moment in the history of the Arab world, Saeed had a lot that he could have taught us about the circumstances that we will face in the midst of current and future events. Perhaps the first point of the lesson that Said was going to tell us is that we win the challenge and succeed in meeting our commitments to real change. But what happened? The opposite civilizational threats at the heart of the table succeeded on the dream of the Arab revolutions, and because everyone was busy with what he saw before him without trying to monitor the path of the ideas that are spreading, we had no one to guide us through creative minds like Edward Said provides us with the necessary cognitive studies at this stage. The civilization attack still did not win completely, and Huntington&#39;s ideas were probably the closest to realization, but the struggle between the emerging jihadist groups globally and Western civilization is not the direct conflict we are witnessing these days. There is capitalism and its hegemony over the world struggling to close its gaps and flaws. Therefore, the main civilizational battle is the war against consumerism and the idea of domination provided by the moral components of capitalism that are hidden under the garb of globalization. The context is still open and perhaps several years later I have rewritten another review of the book in which I do not make it clear that Edward Said responded to the idea of a clash of civilizations that was raised here, but then perhaps I will completely win Edward Said.
The idea is great if it were written better. At a time when there were no causes of life ... there were many causes and one death:. Nothing conquers death, the absolute truth
disappointing. Its proximity to the campus. I didn&#39;t like something very bad hotel standard
Bad hotel in cleanliness, bed is eaten pink and old. I only loved breakfast. I did not like anything
Very weak. nothing. First, lack of credibility in dealing and inadequate rest
I finished two days before reading the dream of the last dream of Mostaghanemi, befitting you, I can say that it is an elegant novel with a smooth style enriched by the beauty of the language .. controversies that the heroine of the novel opens as a woman between the mills of war and the buds of love, between the flabby of reality and the grace of the dream, makes us ask ourselves; For our lives, or we are saved by disappointments due to the compassion of emotions? In our traditional introspective formation we see in self-love a sin, and that the practice of self-love is a sin, despite our admission that something is lost does not give it, but we controlled our senses to enrich the love of those around us on ourselves and for fusion and identification in relationships with which our sense of ourselves is forgotten, forgetting that we ourselves have love, And that any atrophy in the soul is nourished by the warm sense and that any hole in the heart is overwhelmed by passion .. To draw light from the love of those around us is one thing, and to extinguish the flame of light of our benefits is another matter altogether. This is most evident when we consider those who hate themselves and do not face the reality of this hatred, so they mean marginalizing their lives and tearing their pictures, identity and reputation.
This is nonsense too. There is nothing other than the text of the few who were written by Tuaa Al-Suhrawardi and Ibn Al-Fardh .. But the novel itself in terms of workmanship is very, very light .. Closer to tales before bed. Medicine, by God, the Virgin has sold a door from the story of Ma’rouf Al-Iskafi, who is a story to me. It could have remained more powerful than this, but it was not brewing and releasing. They keep writing like God’s creation before they are published and we are tired of them
disappointing. I just loved his site. There is a bar and discotheque and the sound of music reaches the sixteenth floor, despite its existence, as the first floor and lack of respect for Friday is a blessed day.
disappointing. Location. Small rooms
You were great on the human and social level in describing the personalities and their feelings, and indeed we drowned in the details of Rana and we reckoned with their spirit. This is the greatest accomplishment possible for my novel when the reader unites with the heroine ... Until you decided to recline, you are the spirit of Tawfiq Okasha or Spider and talk about the great Masonic conspiracy that By fighting the Arabs and Islam ... When Rana Khalktiha work Sarsh Ali Gohl and get out of it who you know about Freemasonry But you showed the reader your point of view, and made it in front of him as if it were the result of a deep research .. Another gap and you love the great conspiracy. I forgot that you created me for me, the daughter of Enas and Zain from the children who are attached to marionette, and this means according to your narration that the greatest mason is according to your words: with him, the blood of Zain ... I mean when I try to seize control over families and failures because I have captured a female and he has blood with Rana, but I forgot that he is with him, the blood of Zina with his consent ... I was hoping for another path to end with the narration that merged until the middle of it, then you separated me when you made the revolution a conspiracy and an autumn and I felt that after a little time you would say that I was capturing Mubarak and the world is ordering against it:. Presumably, according to what we learned from the authors whom I talked about and whose spirit is somehow dear, Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, for example ... that the horizon remains broader than this and does not depend on people like Zabaydar and Akasha and Amr Mustafa for our information ... I wish with his consent to distract the biography of Dr. Al-Masiri from the topic because Dr. Al-Masiri, if he was living, he was the first person to come down in the revolution that you saw as a Masonic plot. Because Dr. Al-Masiri was one of the founders of the Enough Movement that was inviting the revolution:. I hope with all my heart, continue your creativity away from the shallow political confusion, or else the narration that came from Sisi, the savior of the planet, will realize that the novel was a fantasy so that you will not be confused that when you talked about the history of the Masons, you recognized their humanity despite the fact that you have neglected the development of the movement historically and its truth ... but after that you gave them My supernatural abilities, my sensitivity, is a movie by Nicole Kidman about the strangers who come to occupy the planet ... I understand it, fantasy is the novel, I hope you will understand it:
An attempt to present a satirical story about the revolution that ends with a disappointingly superficial work ... a book you read quickly and forget it more quickly
disappointing. Close to the sanctuary. The inconvenience of the workers in the corridors / breakfast very bad / not answering the phone
A bird from the east. I did not like much ... when I saw that it was written by Tawfiq Al-Hakim. And for the first time I read a book for him .. His name prompted me to read it. It talks about an important and valuable idea but I felt it didn&#39;t impress me. His style is strong ... and his idea is good. But he did not care about the story nor its heroes .. I felt that he wanted to reach the end. To the discussion that will take place between the hero and his friend about East and West. It was better to write about the East and West and see it. He is pretty good ... but I didn&#39;t like him
Bad . The hotel does not care about the cleanliness of the rooms. I am upset and caravan and the time to enter the hotel is never appropriate.
A narration is too long. The first part, which to some extent does lose Karim&#39;s ability, and Mevihosh doesn&#39;t have much. After this novel, it remains boring and very slow. And long philosophical dialogues between him and Dr. Albert Mlhash, meaning anything. The style of the novel itself is weak and lacking in any rhetoric. And the water from the novel is written colloquially. The story is not explained, who are the people in this place? Albert is sitting asking him with us, nor with us, how he is with them from the beginning, I don&#39;t understand. The Arabic Mercedes who was roasted by Imad and a little by her passenger Al Bir himself, to confuse you. When Dr. Imad was against them, and he reported to them the hopes of working with them why, and Dr. Al-Bir stole. Karim, who preferred to sleep for many days, injected each day with an anesthetic. When they injected him with the drug in the last part of the story, his mind, which was controlling and freckled, when the drug killed the consciousness of brain cells, hopes he was drugged. The subject of his muscles, such as the fibers of the heart and the involuntary muscles of Maine, said that he was a predecessor of greater strength, as originally. The end of the novel, I liked it, because it said that the experience changed Karim, turned it to my uncle, and a brutal monster that kills and destroys anyone who confronts it. The story in general is not monstrous and not sweet, but if it were fewer pages of text, for example, it would have been better
An acceptable idea, but lost valuable details, as the idea could have been presented without it.
The service is very bad. nothing. Bad service
You are not The bed is just comfortable. The water in the toilet is hot fire
I like the position more than a tuk tuk position, very realistic: /
Oh really. I do not see in Hassan El-Gendy a writer of literature of terror. A book I did not listen to read for good, but it made me laugh
disappointing. . Delay in logging in. The internet is totally unsatisfactory. You have one hour every hour. Preparing the car takes half an hour. The bathroom has problems.
Writer&#39;s style is silly and fake. The speech is very old and outdated. I tried hard to complete it, but I couldn&#39;t. In short, bored and ridiculous
A star for Bassam, because I get bored and a star of information about Pasteur .. One of the most superficial stories is Dr. Ahmed .. God bless you.
From the worst of what I read, but it is not the worst, the years
disappointing. . Sounds of music and a loud party that reach the room until near dawn
The first thing, have mercy on the good king Idris Al-Senussi, may God rest his soul, and Tamzgha’s land, may God rest his soul, and return it to its people. It is bad that you read a book and think that it will add a bitter and sarcastic flavor that applies the common sentence. I really feel the pain of Bani Hilal. They were guests on an African woman with no strength or power except with God. The first was with this Arab. Unfortunately, it seems that he is a racist who says Bani Hilal who was robbed and robbed of an African by order of the Fatimid caliph Bani Hilal who enslaved African people and owned them the slaves. This great historian says Ibn Khaldun explicitly. We can ignore the matter and forgive God for what preceded it, but the other party must remain silent, at least it is worth all the people of North Africa to forget the hums of the past and live brothers and citizens, but the racists must stop falsifying history and glorifying bandits, because it is an insult. The Caliph sneezes in Cairo and they say to him from Casablanca, God bless you . At the beginning of the Almohad state, and during the era of the nation’s prosperity before the fall of Cordoba and Seville, but rather during the era of the Almohad caliph who won the famous Battle of Ark in Andalusia, this Almohad caliph says on his deathbed that he did not regret the things he did in his succession as he regretted three, the first of The demobilization of all the prisoners of the Ark battle, and the second says that I brought Arabs from Africa and I know that they are people of corruption. This is what the Caliph says at that time and the writer sings and claims that in those times, Morocco was Arab, I never mean to insult the Arabs and I do not hate Arabs I am from North Africa I love Arabs and Berbers, but of course I do not accept being attributed The land of Tamazgha for the Arabs becomes a property for them. We are brothers in Islam and the empires and kingdoms that were founded in the name of Islam and not the Arabs. He says that the Berbers are Arabs? Did they ever pass through Europe? They passed through Europe or not. They understood the sons of Mazig Branza, whether they were amputated. If the Arabs want to delve deeper into the issue of the origin of the Berbers and try to attribute them to the ancient origin, which they say are Arabs, then by the same concept and logic we will return to the Arabized Arab origins, and they are the descendants of our master Ibrahim, peace be upon him, who was not fluent in letters In Arabic and he was not Arab, and we say that you Arabized Arabs, you are not Arabs because your origin is not Arab, unacceptable, right? Of course, and also it is unacceptable that the Berbers be transferred to Arabs in the same logic, and I hope that the Arabs will live on the principle of what we do not please ourselves that we do not please others, then we will live in complete happiness. Frankly, I did not understand the magical bond that links Arabism with Islam and it is beyond my real understanding this matter, and what made me laugh about his words about the aspiring Arabs who want to retrieve Bukhara and Samarkand? Bukhara and Samarkand have its people who converted to Islam, what is your relationship with it until you retrieve it? I did not understand, the old Islamic conquests were for the purpose of spreading Islam and not to expand the influence of the Arabs and the evidence is that the countries and kingdoms that formed there were not from Arab kings, the state of the algorithm for example is a non-Arab Muslim country, What is the relationship between the Arabs and Samarkand, another funny point that talks about the glories of the Arabs and sets examples for the arenas who are not Arabs هه هه هه هه صلاح Salah al-Din al-Ayyubi is not a Kurd, nor is Muzaffar Qutaz al-Khwarizmi and Baybars also not Arab, when you want to create an Arab nationalism, start from scratch, it is better for you to rely on a history that does not tire Ke and your grandparents did not make it on their own, all his words about Andalusia are Arabic and its Yemeni population and words like that. The Berbers, Arabs, Goths and Goths were the indigenous people who converted to Islam and contributed to the Islamic conquest by facilitating the conquest of the Muslims. Tariq ibn Ziyada contributed to the conquest in the spirit of his new religion and not his Arabism and the writer contradicted himself in the book. When he spoke about Tetouan, its Spanish population said, and this information is completely correct. But how did the Spaniards reach Tetouan? They are the Goths, that is, the indigenous inhabitants of the Iberian Peninsula, who were expelled by the Kingdom of Castile, although they are Europeans and Iberians. The other postulate from the scientific, philosophical, religious, and military levels as well, so that the story will eventually become the glories of the Arabs. I really am not prejudiced against the Arabs, but this book provoked me that it is at least two elements of the Maghreb and Andalusia, Glory be to God and everything has wisdom. Now I understand more why Andalusia fell from that time and the Islamic world lost it, because if it remained, the Arabs would attribute it to themselves and make it their property and say Andalusia is Arab, but it is not Arab. It is Iberian. We are sad because Andalus is no longer Muslim and we are not sad because it is no longer Arab. I feel headaches, things like this push us to excitement, and we may show us with the appearance of evil, hatred, and prejudice, but this is what some parties have drawn us to in very provocative ways. The facts and last information. Libya only unified during the reign of the king and was not divided during the reign of the king. I mean, before the union of the three states during the reign of King Idris, Libya was not united at all.
Weak. The staff were helpful especially the reception. Its location is very poor. The restaurant is substandard
Walking for bachelors. Close proximity to tourist places and services. The room is narrow and the double bed is also uncomfortable and inconvenience, knowing that there are writers. There is soundproofing and the comfort of eating. The first person to enter the hotel was annoying and smelled of cigarette smoke everywhere
Weak. . Distrust of the customer and payment in advance despite the presence of the passport and credit card
An apparent imitation of the dream style of Mostaghanemi ... Free from this woman
Personally, Chiles was one of our favorite restaurants, and we came for a period that the month of Mankon Marin could not be counted on, whether tomorrow or not at the last visit. You pay it on your visit to Chelsea the next time. Indeed, we have gone to Chelsea. At the time of the requests, we told the guards on this topic. The manager called and from his reaction, Hasina said that he was escaping the first thing that he said was the questionnaire. His term ended, although we are sure that the site did not mention a specific period. Nothing, he said, salvation, he will go on the topic because we are permanent customers. Unfortunately, it turned out that he was not sincere in his speech. For those who answered the bill, we met the discounted value, which is the appetizer dish. We used to hold the door, of course we paid the bill like what we made and we filed a complaint on their website, and until now there is no news, not even an apology, and from then on we gave a big X to Chiles because the dealings I have are more important than the place itself ... good behavior and tact can make me overlook many troublesome things in the restaurant On the other hand, recklessness and canceled dealing Professional as possible Akhlina leave the place even where all the features I like Elly Sorry to be stretching but endowed as objective as possible Lozi Mapent pros show cons
Hotel I regretted staying in it has a hotel in a very special place on Haram Street and the reception staff are very friendly and the overall view is good but the level of cleanliness is very bad even the breakfast buffet is more than bad as this was the worst breakfast I had eaten throughout my life live for several days Varieties of varieties There is no hotel hard to recommend staying with
. Location. High and weak internet
The book minus many needs. I mean, the writer has taken a long time in photographing scenes that have not been necessary. Other brief scenes were summarized. The dose of politics was supposed to be a little larger, detailing the events mentioned by the author
Mustafa Mahmoud here does not unravel the mystery of death but rather left it a mystery. He tried to approach his analysis scientifically, philosophically, intellectually and existentially, but he was distancing every time he was about to hold the thread, as if he was dry from that cold moment, the moment of truth, or maybe he wanted That the reader be given the power and dominance that circumvents this topic, by taking his hand between several epistemic flanks, between medical / scientific analysis, between what some myths brought about, and between what we feel as ordinary people. Therefore, the reader must realize that the content of the book is not equal to the intense meanings of the title, of course, zero hands will not come out of this beautiful light book, he will meet physics and the formation of the earth, and the idea of man as a body and soul, and in the sense of the absolute Creator, in freedom Psychological and compulsory, Akeda will fill his head reservoir with ideas with deep visions and difficult questions to ask. ,.
Praise be to God that the legend in its two parts is not the end of the series, because it would have left a tragedy, unfortunately, the legend is not enjoyable, it feels that it is missing a need, the movement in the events is greatly abbreviated.
Izz al-Din Shukri presents a unique example of political narration. With that phrase, critic Critic Salah praises the novel in a sentence that is only called on the great books .. but the word here is the weakest expression of the complete antithesis of the phrase .. the novel or semi-novel is a mixture of scraps collected from here and there in application of a theory that has returned to revenge revived the heroine in the first part of The novel is the killing of Fakhreddin to return to take revenge on everyone .. Confused events and legendary characters similar to the stories of the impossible man and the future file, and even a tragic, eroticistic fantasy .. Using cinematic tricks in writing weakens it more than it appears to be weak .. a knot that does not exist and solutions are always available for the hero to emerge from All critical situations are like poetry Who is weird? The necks of the victims of God&#39;s lawfulness are permissible. An old theme, Master X will not die and the Prince of Vengeance does not stand in front of anyone .. A light creature description of a character that was put in the novel to be the writer’s director from any dramatic pamphlet or even to empty unjustified lust .. To be a political thing and to write a novel a political novel something else .. The matter is mixed with the writer as he puts the stories of the political events that he experienced in a random, crude manner to show a single hero who is mentally ill / physically supernatural. He participated in and contributed to most of the important events of Asra on a continental and international level .. The story of Fakhreddin ended with the end of the first novel. There was no reason to call up again. The writer restricted the text to the events of the first part, which confused those who did not read the sentence The first part. And he tried in many ways to give a logical sequence to the life of the hero, which appeared artificially fake for events and chapters that can be deleted entirely and does not affect the dramatic composition of the text .. you often feel that the novel is going aimlessly just stories of people, situations and events imposed on the text just for the filling. Despite some interesting parts of Fakhruddin’s journey, which are likely to be an Indian cinematography, most likely, but as usual, the writer does not master the endings as the beginnings, which has wasted valuable information and philosophical theories in justice, truth and law to streams that flounder events, the decline of language and the marginalization of reason aside .. The novel is classified as Wasn&#39;t it absurd for a veteran writer / novelist without a compass or novelist to write hastily underestimating the reader&#39;s mindset?
Nothing good is mentioned in this place. The least that is described as a hideous place is not clean and not near the campus. .
The worst resort I have ever seen in the world. Location only. It is a shame that Mo Nebek&#39;s name carries old furniture in which insects and an ugly smell nest with the same value lived in a luxury suite in a nearby hotel and enjoyed Jeddah
Health Club I have been a member of the health club since July until now. Unfortunately, I regret that I joined this hideous health club. I have complained to the management several times about many concerns, but every time things get worse, no one cares about the place and the facilities are not clean. The bathrooms are dirty. The shampoo they use in the bathrooms is very bad. The toilets are always dirty and some employees smoke in the toilets usually not. You find any keys to the locker and if you find that you have to pay SAR as collateral, there is no professional competence and no one listens.
disappointing. . Fraud and fraud by hotel policy
A big difference between love and instinct. It is not a requirement that they accompany each other. One does not need to have access to the other. The most important thing for men is the desire to instinct, and then love is the means. The most important thing for women is love, and then instinct is the result. Marriage is a legal means that delivers a woman to love. The man is guaranteed instinct. And society reaches a perfect image to fine tune what God has created in us. It remains for men the only law. love is not enough . It remains for women the desire to pursue motherhood with its strongest instinct
disappointing. . The internet is very weak
The meal is cheap for riyals..and the whole menu is only four meals..this is the restaurant menu..taste of burger of meat is okay..but the potatoes are very good.
Unfortunately, historical misrepresentations in the novel greatly offended me
A short story that cannot bear much commentary. It is a research into the situation of oriental women, and it reveals with great audacity many of her miserable realities and her views on a man&#39;s relationship with her. He is not convinced of the comments that she described as pornography, since in many situations she resorted to special metaphors and symbols when compared to other accounts, which are considered the best sellers in the Middle East for senior writers. Perhaps the blame is directed specifically at her because the writer is a woman, which reflects the validity of the opinions mentioned in the novel. The novel clearly reflects the duplication of thinking about a man&#39;s relationship with a woman in eastern society from a female point of view that is somewhat profoundly but quite real.
Very weak. . Insects and conditioning are very tired
The location is very bad, the place in terms of arrangement and services is slow, and there is no variety of sweets, as they all contain dates. As for Arabic coffee, it is good and it is less than expected.
Examine the accuracy of the hotel data. Close to the Prophet&#39;s Mosque. According to the site, the hotel has a free parking garage, but this is not true. Where there is no garage, neither free of charge, or not free of charge. The surgeon in the hotel is only able to approximate their cars, and the length of time says the surgeon, so please carefully take care of the data. Also, the customer service is poor reception and dealing with any level.
A collection of short stories revolves around more than a terrifying theme, and the book is considered the first experience for the writer, who believes that he needs to make his own style and avoid simulation. The book as a whole did not add much to me, other than the idea that terror could extend to tragic love stories. So why are two stars? For the sake of some words that have stuck on my mind and I cannot ignore. Here love lies a child from eternity and died from humor. but how?. How does love die? He died in the hand of the tampered. Stop your silence, wound up in the darkest injustice, to try with all your might to please a particular person while he is the cause of your sadness
I am a permanent guest. Unfortunately, this visit was very disappointed with the low level of hygiene and maintenance. Bad treatment by an employee. The price is excellent. Transportation from the hotel to the campus and vice versa is excellent. There is an employee in the reception, whose name is Fahd excellent. The rooms need cleaning care, the bathroom needs maintenance, electricity is close to the children, the receptionist’s treatment during the departure is very bad, so I asked him to give me half an hour because my child was asleep. He saved my daughter, who was shouting, and I was surprised by the receptionist. He was chasing me and said, &quot;I will send you the suitcase holder to throw you out of the room. Very bad style. I&#39;m upset at the hotel because I&#39;m a permanent guest.&quot;
disappointing. nothing.
Loch Ness Monster. This may be his legend, isn&#39;t it .. this time, Rifaat goes to Ismail to face one of the most famous legends of Scotland after the ghosts of her castles. Of course, the famous monster of the lake, but Rifaat will face another legend .. her legend. She is the one who can walk on the lawn without bending a single stick for him. She is a friend of Dr. raised in the study ... and his first and last love. Forever.. ?. What.. ?. You&#39;ll still remember me ... then forever ..?. ..And until the stars burn ... and even. I do not think this is his time, so let us get to the heart of the matter. No no this is his time. This horrific Platonic romance is this beautiful duo, which for me became the standard of Platonic love stories after that. Perhaps I still love literary and television works that might contain such a duo who really loved the intimacy and the beautiful relationship between them. From Mulder and Scully at XFiles, which I began to see around the same year. Even a year later, the character of Cormoran Starck and Robin is from the investigator Kormoran Strike written by JK Rolling. Even before that, Sabri and me, for example, were attacked. But the relationship between Rifaat and Maji always remains different ... because it started with love and ended with a special kind of friendship and love that was not broken by marriage. Damn, is this impression still single? Rather, it lasted for more than half a century throughout the chain’s events to the end. Even the stars were burnt in. You&#39;ll still remember me ... then forever ..?. ..And until the stars burn ... and even. Let us enter now to solid the topic remained. Events. . Raisat Ismail receives an invitation from his Scottish teacher James Macleop to attend with one of his colleagues attempts to record the vision of the Lake Nice monster in his castle, where this colleague claims that he has a trumpet used to summon the beast dating back to the Viking civilization. Once again, the author provides us with real and geographic information this time about a wonderful description of Scotland, albeit brief, its secret castles and catacombs, and its ghosts ... More importantly, a compilation of facts or rumors about the lake monster, the allegations of his vision and the true witnesses, and mixes them within the framework of that narration. A real picture of the alleged monster of the thirties turned out to be incorrect in the 1990s. And because we are in the beautiful era of the nineties, where all these phenomena were maximized, and there were even evidences of the Lake Nice monster in June at about the same time as the novel was published. Dr. Al-Muwaidat Al-Usef has provided us with information about him and speculation about what it is. I do not think that the review is a place to review extensively the information mentioned in the book originally, but to find out more: You can find out more here on Wikapedia. And events that take on the excitement of a crazy world continue, as usual, those who are interested in the myths that fall in their silence may sacrifice anything in order to catch the Loch Ness monster. This time the wrecker is not considered a legend ... it actually faces the monster. Certainly, the idea I liked and mixing the monster with the Vikings was a good idea .. But the tunnel portion was really long and boring, and the plot lacked a lot even the action was very bad, perhaps indeed, this series is not appropriate for it raised by doing the action. The number only dilutes the beautiful romantic part mixed with something of lightness and realism between Rifaat and Maggie. It suffices us to appear. Maggie, who runs on the grass, does not bend him back. . Information about the novel. . The third novels raised Ismail. Spin in July Scotland. Rifaat became an old man in his forty years. Champions: the first appearance of Maggie McKillop and her father James McKillop. For some reason, Maggie has remained, since my first reading of this novel, in my mind, Judy Foster ... until the last issue. Forever?. ... until the stars burn up. . The first time this novel was read: August. Also, I do not think that my previous reading of her differs from her evaluation upon re-reading it. Mohammad Al Arabi. Alexandria January.
The novel is a bad name only, except for the literary texts. It was successful, but it is extensive. I hope that the next novel will be better.
I will tell you something that you do not like, so keep in mind. . I am very sad to give a book to Sheikh Al-Shaarawi two stars, but I discovered that it is not a book but a cutip, and I felt that it was brief and did not go into great detail. Women in the Noble Qur’an. The beginning of the book speaks that the Islamic religion gave women rights that civilizations did not give to them before you find yourself that you cannot discuss. In the beginning, you are confined to the idea of the best. You as a Muslim can not deny this, otherwise, and I would have liked to present the reason to the result. not the opposite. The comparison between the woman in Islam and the woman in the pre-Islamic and I do not like this comparison and this comparison is flawed because we did not see the woman in the pre-Islamic despite many news and secondly because we offer such books to respond to the orientalists as the first is to compare the Muslim woman with the western woman and explain our goodness. . Our Sheikh did not convince me on some issues such as that the testimony of a woman is half the testimony of a man and his interpretation of my speech is imperfect, and the woman was created from a crooked rib and interpreted it on the issue of what belonged to your faith and that it is protection for the woman, but there is a difference between my surrender to God’s command in his rulings as a Muslim and my difference with Interpretation of God&#39;s wisdom in that. . We came to the most difficult issue of the woman’s work, as he saw that the woman’s work is necessary and when needed if she interprets the position of the daughters of Shoaib with our master Moses, and ignore the woman’s work in nursing during wars. Do we sit on his master&#39;s genius in her field of work inside her home because there is no necessity for her work. . In the end, whoever is diligent and hit has rewards, but he who has worked hard and has sinned has the reward for his diligence
A weak narrative from his point of view is black and holds a pessimistic view of the future. I summarize the categories of society in two categories, the poor and the rich. Even the poor are poor. By increasing it, I felt that Somalia or a country is full of famines and completely concealed the existence of the middle class. From my humble point of view, there is nothing new in it for the rich who have already existed for centuries and they are isolating themselves from society and the rest of the people. Places like the North Coast or as he called it Utopia and other places and the poor in the slums. Description and imagination that the writer tried to link him already exists before was present then the era of the Pharaohs and the pledge of kings during the days of King Farouk and beyond and the rich pursuit of hunting people was already present. As for the end, it is more like the end of Indian films
Silly Mexican series. A big disappointment. An empty love story of meaning and content was placed or pasted into the form of magic realism, and in my opinion this book is an injustice of the romance novel and magic realism in that one .. Here in the water of chocolate we find the path and style of soap opera embodied with merit, extremist figures in their actions and actions without logic or justification , The course of events can be summarized in one sentence, one you love one, and you do not know it, and the author, on the other, is the death of all people, in order to marry. This is not educated, you are not in schools ???????. I lost my sympathy for the love story and voided that story since Pedro married Tita&#39;s sister. Of course, I know that when we read a novel, we do not judge the behavior of its characters. But what drives me as a reader to sympathize with my hero, that novel? Sister Tina was wronged without any justification, and it was required of the reader to hate or see her guilty why ???? Like Pedro and Tina, she was a teenage girl who was stolen from the will, so how can she be tried with the same guilt as her sister and her marriage? Mixing the recipes with the events of the novel. I eventually ended up feeling bored and indifferent. The recipes for me, if they were similar to the novel in something, were similar to them in monotony and illogical .. The line of events was going on in a typical expected way, there was no event of meaning except for a revolution Tina rebelled against her mother in the end. Other than that, it has no meaning .. It is a wonder of Godreds that such a book receive such high appreciation. I swear
The book is literary and does not pertain to literature. It is nothing but silver. It is nothing but cold and it is among the Facebook books that he calls. The arrangement of speech in it or the subjects are not correct. What made me eat it is the first time that I already know Rehab and discover that I have had some limitations with almost the same faults that I feel like you are similar to you. Other than that, dates
no surprise at all. Not any horror. I resemble Bawadet, sleep
I refuse to paint the image of marriage in this way .. I do not deny that there is much that was found in the book, rather true. We saw it in many Egyptian films and series .. So what is new that the writer presented to us?
I did not find any sad dragon, but Saad Zaghloul sold his wine and gambling. And that any revolution based on what is called the homeland merely because it is the limits of its decree and its aim is not to say the truth in the face of an unjust sultan, it is a revolutionary Khamourje that is unreliable
Frankly, I imagined that the book would be about love in Islam, family relations and the like. But the book was a written copy of me and the stars and the whims of the sixties .. After reading the letter I can not say except: Wow, how did the time differ completely like this? What are all these cliches in emotional relationships? What is all this affection for, bohemian films and love stories? . But as usual, the responses of Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud came out explicit, scathing and intrinsic ... a light and funny book for those who want to get acquainted with an aspect of society in the last century.
Very bad service in this hotel especially food. . I couldn&#39;t eat and had to go to one of the outside restaurants
It was a second attempt to love Mustafa Mahmoud, but it failed, I enjoyed almost a page, and the first page was very captivating.
Silly stories, most of them ... are na طve, with falsehoods and full of linguistic concealment, their topics are almost confined to the diversity of the feminine and the masculine, and what is going on between them..and only one political and three mystical ones .. where are we from a beautiful language that carries more meanings than what it costs now? . Where are the questions that fill us during reading and ignite our thoughts? Where are the ideas?
disappointing. . Breakfast was very poor and late in room delivery
Weak. Proximity to the campus buffet. It crowded into the reception, and the cleaning was hard, especially when all the guests were leaving the rooms to receive the new guests
Very weak. . The pictures on the site are not real
A light booklet I would have liked to rate it higher but the writer and his friend, Aziz, failed to extract any laughs from me except for separate laughs at the book level
Not recommended. TV and bed. There is no interaction from employees and their bad morale towards us and their lack of commitment with customers in providing prefab rooms.
disappointing. The location of the hotel and the hotel staff as a whole are nice and good. The hotel does not have cleaners as required as cleaners are working on a room, is this reasonable?
Actually, just shut up. Oh shit. I browsed it in search of a quote from him, and I wish I had not. Waste of time, paper, ink, and a great title .. I laughed at the ridiculousness of some of what I glimpsed.
I like you because every chapter was distracted from the other, and if I benefited a lot from the hadiths and threw away the passport and love, I could not know it before this .. but I was affected by it was much less than I had imagined
Weak. Air conditioning. The restaurant is cold eating, noises, and frequent maintenance. There is no valet service. There are smells in the suites
Too many to see translated foreign books written on it a sentence I was very surprised and come on. The book that sold more than a million copies. or. The book that tops sales for months. And other sentences that used to make me ask myself the people who do this, how do they write a book that prefers to evaluate the highest sales for very long periods, and the answer is simply that the writers who communicate to the sales actually get tired in their job and try to revolve around new ideas that add to the literature as a whole It remains a mere publication and salvation that is attributed to the writer .. The relationship of the short introduction to this is that the Zap of a wealthy person is not eager to write letters he collected with each other, so it remains only to issue his name and exploit his fame between a specific age group in order to earn a little money and in the same time, it is an increase in popularity and An opportunity that he seizes to prove himself a writer, despite his many attempts He says and proves that he writes to the one who feels with him, so as not to remain a writer .. The book is five letters for his mother, sister, future daughter, and his beloved, and Egypt means five messages. There is no renewal in them, except for an unnatural amount of errors, whether linguistic or errors. In the chronology of events, such as. In a letter to his sweetheart, he said that their story ended before it started because his girlfriend who accidentally met her in the rehab was connected, and suddenly she stayed calling him on the phone, and she offered him moral support and sweet words without what we know when, when, and what happened. Linguistic errors remained from Jet Zab&#39;s attempt to confuse colloquial and eloquent and its use of the terms Al-Fusha the first time I see them in the dictionary frankly, even though I am not a linguist and I am not familiar with all its aspects, but the word frankly shocked me and it is. Choice. Zap here was meant to confuse, but the choice has arisen here. We say that it is not the fault of Zap, good, where is the role of the linguistic references, nor is it because Zap is famous. The important point that caught my attention is Zab’s repeated attempts in his book “Days and Book of My Love” that he shows his heroic role in the revolution that he mentions the issue of his field descent in an inappropriate place for this topic and the point has a phenomenon in his words in his letter to his sister because he suddenly moved from the main subject of his sister’s message and I am talking about his descent from the field and the revolution, even though this is not his place. Uh, you mention the topic, but every book that you descended from the field is not in millions in the course of the revolution. If everyone wrote about his experience, we will find about a million books. It is worth noting that he was at an important point of his message to his beloved, and it is the subject that he is saying that they met in Al-Rehab two dimensions, saying Al-Rehab is sweet because there are trees in it. Is this a literary style or a possible topic that interests me as a reader ??. Oh, similes and description. Of course, it is required in any literary work, but here I see no description. I saw an empty piece of information in its wrong place. In the end, I am neither a critic nor a writer. I am a very simple reader. I saw a book that sparked controversy, so I loved reading it and concluded that we are in a literary farce when a book is weak. This is indicative of something that indicates that we are walking in the same way as the famous, not the rich
The exaggerated price of the book, the blank pages, and the author&#39;s explanation of the existence of the empty pages that are moments of silence, made me make sure that I lost my time. If she reduced the book and included writing it in fewer papers without moments of silence that she claims and lowered its price, this would be better .. I would not recommend wasting time on it
The rooms are bad. The lobby is good. The rooms are bad and the hotel does not have a link
Need training to receive large number of guests, poor hygiene and annoying air conditioning. Location and proximity to the mall. Cleanliness, inconvenience, reception and delay in handing over rooms to five in the afternoon
Weak and light at the end ... as cute as a story, not a story of trouble
Language was the only reason for my continued reading and the only reason for two stars, while all axes and ideas stood in the way, in its likeness to the rest of the unjustified series in its tragedy and tragedy, and its rotation around the same problem without touching on the roots of the problem, its causes and its dimensions, and the most important ways to solve it, I think literature like this is a book to enjoy No benefit.
There is no evaluation for this title. . Unfortunately I did not like ... Staff very badly treated All requests that were sent to the hotel were not met despite contacting them.The hotel smells very unpleasant especially the reception area.
Weak. Breakfast varied room lighting. There is no brush and paste. I asked for a birthday cake and I was late in bringing it. The room is not clean. The carpets have large stains. Dinner.
The novel is unsuccessful by all standards .. the atmosphere is essentially very far from me. The author is supposed to bring him closer to the reader .. Youssef Zidan failed. There is no kind of identification between the reader and the heroes of the novel ... Oh God, except in its first part, the first life
A book that sells the dream for a price at hand. Inside you the giant awakens from turning his pages. Once the book is closed, the giant falls into a deep slumber. Except for worrying and starting life, I am not convinced that self-development books have made new progress. The same nonsense with new terms. And with every day a new world coach overlooked us, he was a cleaner, then became an astronaut, and he kindly showed us the surplus of his wisdom. For me, one book is enough, as it is filled with general advice that cannot be applied to everyone, in any setting and at any time. It only works to convince you of the possibility of success. I know many young people who memorized many of these books by heart, and they attended an enormous number of lectures of the same nature, and I found them only in time of the philosophy of matters and enthusiasm without tangible development. This is not a generalization so some may have touched something of interest. I will not read more of these books and let the giant fall asleep as he likes.
Not fun. Location only. The staff received rooms other than the ones you quarantined
What happened to Grand Oasis oh my God, I don&#39;t know where to start. After spending our fifth holiday in years in Grand Oasis and certainly the last vacation there I cannot believe that the level of food has fallen to this bad level after countless times of contact with the hotel&#39;s customer relations department a minute-long interview, promises from the restaurant manager and chef Among the unfulfilled promises that the level of food will improve and which did not happen, we decided to eat in the English pub in Soho Square £ for a steak, not cheap but better than starving. I would like to add that my wife and I are not just the complainants, all the British reached the same conclusion that Grand Oasis wanted our money but did not want to feed us. I am very sad to write this report because we love this hotel and love to visit it, well, that was in the past
I never knew it was a porn novel and that is my fault for sure, I didn&#39;t complete it.
America:. I guess what I was looking for did not find it here, nor even came close to that. When I saw the title at first sight, I immediately thought about the story of the discovery of this great continent, how migrants migrated to it, and how it reached its greatness now. Who can believe that a year ago from now it was a primitive land leveled by the land. It is clear that the ceiling of my aspirations was very tall. I even looked forward to mentioning the history of racism there between them and the blacks or at least very mention the ethnic cleansing of the Native American Indians. But hehe hahe. The novel talks about the emigration of the Arabs, especially the Lebanese and the Syrians to America, huge numbers and whole villages that are empty of the population, how they adapted to the harsh conditions there and how they formed their lives and started zero-handing to rich families with their weight. The story is about Mirta, a young Lebanese hero, who went in search of her husband, who traveled to America. The novel was full of events and this is what makes me look to it to the end, so I may find what I want ... I do not deny the simplicity and smoothness of the language, but the dialogue of the characters is almost non-existent. That was not good. I want to see more characters speak. I want to know how you feel .. not deep enough. A deep part of me believes that the events of the novel and the characters are real and this is what made them that rigid way. I didn&#39;t like the sequencing method either. Every two or three pages are added under a small chapter, i.e. the novel was very fragmented about one part and every part starts from nothing suddenly .. another event .. somewhere at a time .. saturated, what made it lose the atmosphere of pleasure and aspiration. I carried myself pregnant until I woke it. What got me all this? It is clear from my scathing criticism from the previous lines that I have never liked it, so why did I read a page? In fact, I read recommendations for auditors that I have a lot of confidence in their choices. They recommended them very much, but unfortunately ... This is the first recommendation that fails me so I look frustrated but sure there is more letdown coming, it is natural to repeat such a situation .. Sometimes we agree on a lot of things but there is one point one day that disperses Opinions .. An additional reason for frustration is that I bought it as a paper and I wished that I could save its value and buy another book with stinginess:
The book is great, its linguistics is great, and its linguistics are great. . I no longer know where you are now, my destiny. Any ribs may contain you and any heart after my heart you live. I am crazy at a time without a night, so where is my night? The universe narrows in my eyes, so my horses tempt me. See you the light, when my convoy gets lost. And twin my labyrinth. See you security. I am a country without time, and you are my next time. No one will wait. No one will come. There is nothing left but the sound of the wind. And a sword sword. And the face of a dream shudders. No one will come. This time the heads are rotting and everything in its conscience is rotten. I ask about something at a time when I came back to see him ... A child left me one evening and fell as old as his footsteps. It beats me like love if I ever walk around his memory. Smile a little at me. Executioner appears in my eyes. Embraces the sword. He shrouded my head in pain. And the world paints around the spectrum. In the mercy of God winged doors. The hearts that have suffered and harbored harbor
Two stars with a lot of poison and see how. I was very gossipy and I found fairy tales in it where superstitious people could hardly imagine being in reality. Honestly, a very strange alien world, I entered, watching and exploring parallel worlds in it, eh, and was surprised. The height of the comedy for me was when I decided in one of the chapters that she would reveal her head and claim it. With this chapter, and before him, much, she praised God a great deal for the grace of freedom from such disturbances. What are the heroines of the book? If they had exams, they would have fallen there. They don’t wait for phones. Remember, may God have mercy on you and have mercy on us.
At first, I remembered reading a dream book. Very very very beautiful, all of his phrase and description. When I read it again, I thought it was a memory of the body and how boring a book there are no beautiful quotes. I just tried to read it endlessly. Dreams, as I mentioned, put all that she has in her first book. I do not recommend reading it =
No comment .... Dream writings are much more beautiful than dreams, the art of novels more
Very weak. . The location of the hotel is very C, because the connection to it is not very convenient, especially for the elderly, as the location of the hotel is very high and there are no electric carts similar to the hotels adjacent to it to connect the elderly to the hotel and exceed the very high altitude
God is very bad. Location only.
Mold prevailed in all parts of Egypt, in the opinion of Fashir, and the pharaoh stood up, having no one but himself as usual.
The hotel is bad and needs more. The hotel is new and the rooms are quite spacious. The hotel lacks a lot of services away from services and central Buraydah opened the hotel before it opened
The book consists of seven very short chapters, the number of pages is a page, and I see that the name of a large book is on it, it was supposed to be an article or a short story by virtue of the fact that the writing style is fictional, I did not like the book in its content, except for the fictional style adopted by the writer, I feel that I lost My time reading it, despite the fact that the time it took me not to exceed a quarter of an hour, the book relied on the foundations of hamza and did not delve into it, despite the need for a lot to learn the rules with in-depth examples. He learned the foundations of hamza, but he will not narrate their thirsts while learning the basics of hamza. The book is useful for children For nothing more, I do not recommend reading it for adults, unless they have time to waste:
Mold hotel. I did not like anything. Bad service / broken buses / bad furniture / bad room services / wi-fi not available in rooms / all mentioned in the bokings not available
Najma, because it is the first experience of the writer .... Because he tried to describe feelings ... Najma is to try only
Weak. Nothing but the site. A very bad hotel and not worthy of two stars tired furniture, a narrow room and foul odors, and the thing is, the staff say they do not have enough rooms and reservations through your reservation. The hotel is frankly a little bad.
Not suitable for families. nothing. Uncomfortable and not suitable for Gulf families, I will definitely never go back to it
Very funny .. an entertainment book:
I would not recommend high prices and bad services. . Bad services and cleanliness. I also asked the reception to have an extra bed for my child the first time I arrived. I swear by the one who created that I got up and did not take me to bed, knowing that I called them more than once and the answer was that they called the room service and scolded them.
The quotes written in Standard Arabic were the most beautiful.
No knives in the kitchens of this city. A novel of the most insignificant novels at all .. I arrived at the page and I wanted to secure myself with beautiful events to come ... suddenly captivating turns ... Unfortunately the novel descends from bad to worse ... The writer is a meticulous descriptor of Gden .. When he comes to describe relationships and social situations between the characters he describes a description It has no analogy in accuracy .. When the time comes and the place in which the novel revolves, he describes his city, which has become under the weight of the military B: My city, which turned into destruction and a point. An empty novel .. I was impressed by how I got to the poker short list. I regained my luck for my time and the four and a half dinars that I wasted in vain .... Rating: One percent / for the sake of his grandfather’s story from his mother and describing his death and his passion for trains .. and some of the passages in which he spoke about Aleppo, the military and the intelligence ... Other than that, let the novel go to hell...
Finally, I have finished reading the first novel in Naguib Mahfouz’s story, the children of our neighborhood .. All I want to say about the story is that I am a teenager and the beginning of my love for knowledge and knowledge. I read it and then I was busy with her and forgot her story and the controversy that erupted around her. And soon I decided to read her and she had the original edition of Dar Al-Shorouk and I lived with her the days that had passed and I do not want to write my opinion about it in detail because this is a study that is not an opinion .. but all I can say is that the narration is direct and clear, strong symbols in it and I was Expecting needs before reading it I, for example, that Qassem be a shepherd and that the Jeblawi sold him to the servant does not speak to him or see him .. In short, I was afraid to read the narration in which there is no one that affects my convictions or shock me in the constants .. But unfortunately, fate makes me read it now and clashes with its surface and devoid of any depth nor Creativity, leanness, stuffing and large on the empty ... If someone asked me, why did not from the beginning of the narration, I knew he wanted to say what he was delivering to him, why did you complete it? I said: I would have surprised me. The only ones for our Arab societies afflicted by their myths and struggles, and that people have turned a Religions of a drug and magic sticks solve all the problems in the world and the hereafter, yet they were distorted by their actions, but I felt that Naguib Mahfouz touched a need from the real conflict between science and religion in the last period, but in the last time he said that the religion that is a symbol to him in Jabalawy and people understood that it is a symbol of God and whatever my opinion The character in the symbolism of the Al-Jabalawi is intended to be er… but in the other he says that knowledge without religion remains a life of hell without what is given to prove his view of this right to events, unfortunately he locked the narration in a way that as if he closed his story to children .. The most important need is that I want to tell people who Young writers attack my evidence now on the directness and clarity of Alr A feature or projections that Naguib Mahfouz was supposed to have won the Nobel because of the novel de specifically, and it is also assumed that Ernst won the Nobel and the American Pulitzer on the novel of the old man and the sea and the story was also clear and direct, and although the children of our neighborhood for Naguib Mahfouz did not enjoy me and saw her as an ordinary, but at the time it was not normal and permissible Other than me, it is seen by genius, and it is tastes, but they will write who writes and nullify her .. And as for those who remain, they say that it is blasphemous, sharp, and who want to quarantine every opinion, pen, and thought of countries that are less than I send to them any message .. and who is afraid of writing and putting forth his ideas because of the forms Dee does not deserve to hold A pen and deludes himself that he is a writer.
The ad is good, and so is the price, but it doesn&#39;t go up
The book is a good attempt to renew religious discourse and treat religion based on the basic purposes of it. Regardless of. My personal convictions regarding the issue of religion, but the writer’s tone is not without a sincere attempt to present religious images of the issue of women in a new and more progressive way .. In all cases, I do not find the right of anyone, whether a religious man or others, to look for himself as the strongest party who has the right to To look from his higher degree towards any woman and think that he is entitled to give her some of her rights. The writer&#39;s use of texts from the Qur’an and the two Sahihs has added a bit of objectivity to research and accuracy ... a new type of religious book and a new style in religious discourse no doubt and that it will contribute in one way or another to ward off many myths in relation to and dwarfing Islamic history from the status of women and proving the opposite, even if it contradicts With the deteriorating and miserable condition of women in Islamic societies recently.
not good . Proximity to the market. Deal very hospitality and breakfast and india meal
The novel in general is less than my expectations and less than the exaggerated descriptions of glorification in the press and in .. The novel in general is sad and packed with un cheerful memories from either the main character or the transient characters .. It is characterized by the diversity of characters and their variation greatly as a natural reflection of human diversity in a city that includes all races such as New York It is also distinguished by the dazzling contrast between the stories of the small village on the outskirts of the delta and the changes that occurred in it for nearly half a century and between the stories of expatriates in Brooklyn, who each belong to a different culture that has its own uniqueness and its own history .. But the narrative is flawed by the lack of a line linking the transient characters Randomly and between the main line of the protagonist Hind .. Rich interactions could have emerged between these disparate characters and between the Egyptian heroine, as it appeared timidly in the last pages of the novel between Hind and Lilit, but the writer chose to separate them and gave a brief description of the background of each passer in the novel to create A kind I have never heard of before in literature called the Anthropological Novel as written on its back cover
Regardless of the vocalizations, the narration reflects a reality that is very important
On the one hand, eating is C, and it has some good. On the one hand, the employees deal in a restaurant, especially local requests. They will be very bad.
The writer is a genius, his talk is a genius, and his ideas are genius, but the book was a whole labyrinth.
The first reading of a printed play, a fact that was not as interesting as expected. The very smooth, wise style was evident in the dialogues between Prince and Dr. that dealt with separate topics, family unemployment, honor, love, work and science.
naive. The writer&#39;s daring has fear, how do we call it daring. I love him and I do not deny that some of the issues for our time and after more than twenty years are the same. And like what they said about most of the noise the book acquired is dependent on the circumstances of time and stage
Rather, there is no taste, no flavor, and no smell on it. I also do not need to make you overcome the sense of guilt, as the tree is cut off so that the book is published. Do you want something from the trees? But it is very easy that one of us writes in this style, even if it is not Egyptian .. But there is a defect in a country that is in the garb of Akkad, Al-Manfalouti, Najib Mahfouz and Taha Hussein. The end of writing in it remains tragically. This even at the end of the book is written in the name of the end. At the end of the point .. I was from me that I come out with one benefit .. I know I need to think and tell myself in a moment of doubt: do you believe God? The man has a right. Oh man, your religious sense is beautiful, but you mix and have more than one issue in judiciary, destiny, creation, and divine will, so let you search for it and share it ... what we have, your feeling about cockroaches with tenderness raised my wonder, and the book was disappearing until my wife asked me looking for this who escapes from you again ? But I insisted on finishing it ... Advice at the end: I write this time with the intention of writing a book with a name
disappointing. I do not think that she is taking a star that she does not deserve, as she is less than rated as such. Satisfied with the lack of cleanliness of the restaurants
I did not like his senses, Sawalef, and I did not see any benefit
disappointing. Quiet place. Bad smells in parking lots
One-star hotel rating is not worth rating. There is nothing encouraging. The reception is improper. The hotel is dedicated. No nationalities other than Arab nationalities. The smell of the hotel from the inside is unpleasant.
I am not keen on eating my knowledge as it contains a lot of fats, sugars and egg yolks ... but I noticed that the level of branch services declined during a year compared to their level in the beginnings in the Kingdom, because my specialty is in the and because the meal is cheap, of course I was surprised by the recent promotional offer to reduce the prices of all products From the ... So I visited a quick branch of their fur, I understand the secret of this catastrophic failure of ... In the first branch: there is a plate on the entrance inviting the entrants to enjoy a cup of coffee with two pieces of the only SAR. This offer is evidence that he does not sell Every thing that he makes every day, companies usually turn to him, as the rate of return is high The Egyptian was my choice for the employee to request a piece of coffee with the hope that is the re-orientation towards the presentation of it based the idea to get rid of the cut, which ends today sold without giving each piece an additional client request. Unfortunately, the employee passed my order without notifying him of the offer of riyals. This I received my request and paid the riyals, then I mentioned the offer that stands at the entrance .. He answered: Oh, true, I forgot ... In the second branch: I discovered that the employee is smarter than the branch employee that I visited previously. The two employees are Egyptian by the way, he is describing a selected quantity of the old = / on the table in front of him behind the fresh display stand so that the customer does not see it and when the customer requests the type that suits him, the employee pulls it from the platform shelf and then puts it behind it beside the old one exactly and then pretends in front of his client Preoccupied with making something behind but when it comes back to standing behind the aphids He does not pick up the fresh ones he just installed, but the old ones that he arranged in advance ... Of course, the incapacitated employees resort to this losing way when their managers ask them not to register any return during their shift ... From here, I knew the real reason behind the failure of the arm ... remind me In Al-Masry’s announcement: the sweetest of today&#39;s taste is today&#39;s prices
Deadly boredom at the beginning of the novel. Lines abound with artistic pictures and similes. My expectations were a little disappointed for the novel as a whole. I loved the messages a little. I liked the rhetoric of Dr. Al-Otoum, he has a wonderful ability to formulate sentences, I liked some passages because of their interesting philosophy. Is it not sufficient for the confluence of souls to be a material for acquaintance? As for what is repudiated because of it, it is separated, and if life goes on forever, there is no way to meet
One of the favorite restaurants previously, but it has increased abnormally recently, the prices in the photos are old, and the current prices increase by about one riyal per item
Unfortunately, an unfortunate story ...
The worst version of her village, as my life, I was unable to complete it basically and wiped it after I got to it .... so bad
I don&#39;t go back today to write a critique of this novel. . Perhaps because I bumped into it while I rearranged the mess of my library ... Chicago is a novel that I started reading two or three years ago, I don&#39;t remember any specifically ... but I haven&#39;t completed it yet. What made me reluctant to complete it was the senseless insertion of sex. I do not deny that the writer&#39;s style is very distinctive .. I do not deny that his choice of the idea of Arab exile among American society is an idea that deserves diving in its deepest depths ... but I also believe in literature as a message for the advancement of society and for its rise ... I believe in it as a way to transcend thinking beyond lusts. ..And this is not what happened to me in Chicago .. The dumping in some scenes was really harmful, completely far from the limits of literature ... I hesitated between one and two stars .. And I chose in the end to evaluate it with two stars out of respect for the narrative style, no more ... Sorry .. but it is a novel that I do not recommend
disappointing. . Smell of smoke and food entering the room from outside the hotel
The novel is less than I expected .. The first half of the novel is somewhat better than the second half .. I do not have much to say about the novel but it certainly does not deserve all this praise.
Automatic reaction and you are reading the story. Lessons from the story:. Since we are following in the footsteps of Peru, we preferred a year and the revolution succeeds, God willing .. In a person whose life is boring more than me in the world .. Image of the rare .. I knew that there was a representative in the name of Jean Kaktu anomalous and he loved one and he was very difficult .. Your aunt is not satisfied with her ... Jarlan is doing toothbrushes ... the lonely girl in one she has seen is the most beautiful one in the world. Aiyu aiyu in. Conscious of the army&#39;s intervention, in need of a coup: In one, I refuse once, why, and often will not give up, and prefer to apply to one of these with a lot of advance to my dear one, how many months after a year are tied to his side? The writer may work you and put down historical information wrong because you know that you will not turn around and see .. Translator means in Turkish .. the hippie does not despair and bgilhm Aids and Bertrand Russell demanded the needs of loneliness .. awareness you hear the words of your friend who tells you the girls of the night will help you brutality and pay a lot of money and You will curse ... the six can do anything and run away ... in a man who can sit for a tooth without touching one and he in Paris is the same person who loves loneliness. Peru did not meet another Cuba .. Wines among the Arabs are forbidden for the poor, but .. stuffed potatoes are a Peruvian food .. In one possible nut, their jealousness is blind and has a satisfactory doubt that it is possible to hire a detective who walks and sees them, and yet he stays two years to betray him and does not stumble. Look coincident O believer. Your complicated friend of the sixes has a right, listen to his words ... do not try to memorize the names in Spanish novels, the important names will be repeated and you will not pronounce them right with your consent .. Your friend will guess and will be stuck and will remain higher than you .. what is this? A boring writer, he almost wrote, bored, boring description, boring dialogue, boring characters ... a silly and provocative hero ... provocative without a goal ... without ambition ... superficial ... fragile ... he had no confidence in himself ... Malush had one position A science is mentioned in my brain .. There is no lesson I learned from this de character and not any real character, I mean, it is not a negative personality that makes you think that you will not stop you from life .. He loves one, she will see her every time once with a new personality, and you will shirk from him and tell him that he does not love you and will not marry you and Preferably he loves her, and when I take her position after a page, it was the position of I am upset, and you are barren. His relatives are all merciful, and all those he meets are merchants, and their blood is shed except for Paul and Juan ... In events, but you did not find a need, the story of the struggle in Peru was the headlines of Gray, there is no moral intake of the story, there is no need that touched me other than the story of Juan and the big six imagining it and it is Drinking drugs was very funny to Al-Nisbali .. The question remained: Where is the romance in the story? where? There are episodes of Tom and Jerry in which to go out with the white cat, which is romantic about it. The important thing is, I will not complete this story because it is greater than my mental and emotional abilities
In my opinion, the story is repetitive and has a lot of monotony, it did not have many surprises and events did not take me to such an extent that I skipped some pages in order to avoid getting bored with words. I did not finish it to the end
Because it caused an uproar in Yemen and the Arab world, I expected it to be more beautiful, unfortunately, I did not find in it what distinguishes it, neither the language, the style, nor the story. Thank God it is short.
A very light book .. The idea is very consumed ... And as he wrote: You will get between any dragon ... He has not presented any idea ... and nothing new has been raised. Only one star is enough and more
Weak. . The service is poor and the reception c
Regardless of the services, services, and decorations, the worst service is by dealing with guests. Attention only before entering and after ensuring your stay with them. Benefits available in other hotels are not available. Long-stay treatment is like a one-day stay.
Weak. . The number of mosquitos is terrible.
Something tacky like the worst films of Sobky I couldn&#39;t complete the book and wondered why I bought it for its smog and heavy blood
Not suitable for housing at all. There is nothing in it Zain. The hotel is very, very, very bad and never suitable for housing for many reasons. Many adaptations are bad in the hotel or it is working and what is the first time I live in it every time they say they modified the room very very hot and inconvenience between the rooms what is never isolated and the room is very consumed and the bathroom is dirty and without a bidet and there is no place to kiss There is no rug prayer, what do I remember and what is my important ritual?
Nice and beautiful need. His book was dedicated by the writer Abdullah Al-Maghlouth to the spirit of his brother in heaven. . With this in mind, I intend to donate this book to the school library. . The spirit of inspiration will take you after you finish it. . It is from the returns of the works of Abdullah Al-Mughlouth that you do so
A minimum level of democratic knowledge ... Do not expect to find much, all there is that he touched on the basic ideas of the idea and clarified it simply and without philosophical depth ... I think this is the reason for the spread of the book because it agreed the level of shallow awareness in our society of the principle of democracy ... and because it Discuss the reality of the opposition, which focuses on the term without the idea. I recommend it to the beginners, who do not have any background on democracy. I met Professor Nawaf the day I finished reading the book ... It was a very rich meeting
He who holds his lamp behind his back sees only his shadow in front of him. Tagore
Linguistically good .. miserable and technically unhappy ..
It has a lot of excessive stuffing and excessive stuffing, in addition to being free of enthusiasm, but it is quite good ..
I had one reviewer, I liked it ... My aunt wrote better than this ... I wanted to add him and apologize to my aunt:
I liked it asi and reem or asi and ramy, which means which of them:
disappointing. Guest service is not available, and delay is required for a worker in cleaning the room. Not meeting my needs quickly takes hours
Weak. . Breakfast .. Very normal and the service is very slow. Also, the room cleaning service is bad .. I asked to clean the room from the afternoon and went to the Meccan campus .. With leaving a sign on the door to clean the room .. With the cleaning worker told to clean the room .. Unfortunately it was not cleaned ..
A bad experience . Frequency bus between the hotel and the campus. I recorded late arrival however I barely entered the hotel after contacting the manager in charge, after the receptionist refused to enter me because it started a new day after twelve at night. And the increase in the employee is busy with WhatsApp, as if I was asking for good.
Boring and descriptive, spoil a cute idea. The writer respectable the intelligence of the recipient.
A short narration from a page in which the writer imagined life after the gap between the social classes worsened to be summed up in two separate classes completely separated layer without living a very poor life in which moral corruption and diseases spread and where principles and morals were lost so that human beings lived an animal life governed by instinct in all their behavior. And the second layer is the rich class that isolated itself to live in a city that they isolated for themselves. They called it Utopia, as a result of the super-rich. The vice and corruption spread, so that its members could live an animal life as well, where you do not find any human feelings. Although the events of the novel draw you to know what will happen, but the idea is consumed, I did not like the novel, so I gave it. /
Stay will not be repeated the worst hotel. The hotel is just clean and new. The administration in this hotel is the worst, the breakfast is very little and bad, and the worst of it is when you are sleeping. The automatic call is launched at three o’clock in the morning by ordering the building to be evacuated sooner. We are running unconsciously to the emergency ladder and with us all the hotel residents on the dark ladders. Horror and crying children are answered by the officials of reception, security and safety, that there was a request for the alarm device and a chance went off and there was no problem at the hotel. We informed the civil defense and edited a report of the incident. Our stay in this unfortunate hotel will not be repeated
The wrong mantra is the novel of the hour. A novel that you can read on a nice evening as a pastime or a break. Even though she was sarcastic, I did not notice the irony much. And multiplied in a way if the previous laugh did not make you laugh. The method, of course, does not need any judgments or criticism, because the novel, as I said, is a simple means of relaxing or relaxing the atmosphere. Finally, in general, it has nothing to do with horror. The satirist is nice.
An old clerk was a waste of time for me
The hotel needs to be refurbished and furnished because it is very C. . The salary is very, very
disappointing. The crew is very excellent. The furniture is very old
Good, needs more attention to cleanliness. Location. Standard of room cleaning and care
Weak. . Lack of attention to hygiene
Weak. The location is good. Nightclubs annoyed, rooms tight, no parking lots, you have to pay huge sums
Remember what it is. . Very annoying and clean rooms
One of the cheapest hotels. No. Moldy hotel
I have a real problem with any writer who uses extraneous words that may be real and obscene expressions in his writing of whatever it is. My expectations were very exaggerated, especially when you find the logo of the edition on a book, so talk to yourself that it is often a book that calls for acquisition. The most surprising thing is how the late Dr. Abdul Wahab Al-Masiri agreed to write a gift to be printed on the cover of a book like this? . The book may be interesting and wonderful for those aristocrats who do not know about the Egyptian street and the suffering of that class.
Aso Hotel. And the best site. . The location of the hotel is just downtown. Everything is cleanliness treated by reception staff. The internet works an hour and cuts all day
The Egyptian to the receptionist is a manager. nothing. I am a writer of requests, the expected arrival date is at noon, and no perpetrator of any letter of objection or rejection means that they agree to the request, but the most accurate scientist and he says the apartments.
I liked a story, but as a language I find it as normal as the rest =
A story you will not complete with boredom:
The reader, dear reader, is that what Tolstoy wrote about the Prophet Muhammad, peace and blessings be upon him, does not exceed three pages, and the rest is entirely articles and lamentations that have been liked to the translator, so he wanted to present it to us. My life has changed completely, dear translator, after I read the opinion of Bulb Hanem on the issue of memorizing the Qur&#39;an .. Thank you. To have a great pen the size of Tolstoy respond to the slanders facing our religion, so its defense comes to a dull surface. If I had misconceptions about the Islamic religion, his article would not have corrected it in my head, nor would it have even pushed me to search myself. And I wonder ... how many books have he read? How much reference is used? Even when it was inferred by prophetic sayings .. I see in them the weak and correct in Tolstoy a real problem in distinguishing between the hadith of the Prophet and the divine without discrimination .. Then for an unknown reason to me, however it is very simple, I liked the translator of course I find an article that narrates Tolstoy’s opinion regarding the veil and the woman. I sincerely hope that the time will come when all of us will bury women in our homes, to see that peace that will come on the face of the earth .. This book came as a big disappointment, and only ..
Exhausted and violated. Exhausted from the windmills of life and violated by others who are not satisfactory. . Exhausted from planning for tomorrow and violating the possibility that there will be no tomorrow. . Exhausted from waiting and violated that nothing after waiting. . Exhausted from planting hope and violated from the spread of boredom in our souls. . Exhausted by the large number of preparations for beginnings and violated by the frequent renewal of endings. . It is exhausted to venture to make a decision and violate the value of this decision. . Exhausted from life and constantly violated my existence
disappointing. nothing. The reception from some employees is not good, the lack of reception staff, the lack of response to telephone calls, as well as the lack of scheduling and knowing the special times in the transportation service from the sanctuary, as well as following up the cleanliness of the rooms is bad
God sensitive and yes agent
This picture is the most expressive of my head now, the most reprehensible response to what was falsely called the novel. But since Muhammad Sadiq wrote more than three hundred pages, then I will write the other, too, or rather spontaneous words with some inappropriate impulses, they are the tip of the flood that came to my mind while reading the book .. Muhammad Sadiq proved an amazing ability in a work from the sea, Tahina. The man built his fictional empire from his constant follow-up to human comments on Elvis, and everything that every person writes on his personal page. I see that this is an shallowness of thought, and a weakness in its intellectual and literary stock. An example is that about ten pages are allocated to a message that has circulated between two people on Facebook, with an analysis of verbs and reactions. He reminded me of a friend who was very angry with a word that I advised him to send to a girl who exchanged admiration, and the world rose and did not sit when she did not respond, and they kicked me out of the house. To come and apologize after that, and tell me that the response was delayed because the internet was interrupted. There is a problem here, there is a big problem. I have a problem with the psychological analysis of any expression of feelings or any aspect placed on Facebook, I do not see it as evidence of intelligence; rather, it is evidence of emptiness. I do not see Elvis&#39;s publications as compelling evidence of the cleverness of reason or acceptance. On the contrary, it contributes to drawing a mistake in acceptance by many that quickly fades gradually when the barrier is broken by interviews on the ground, and many times relationships remain on the ground that originated from here simply because you did not find a convincing reason to cut them, meaning they are only remaining for the view, nothing more, nothing less . Look I know so and he is a friend of mine. To write a nonsense, full of nonsense. To write about nothing, and receive the kind of admiration and welcome from the readers of God in their help, I ask God to blow in their literary taste somewhat. The truth is, I don&#39;t know Muhammad Sadiq, who really believes in what he writes and does not work for us. I mean, he is truly a believer in the depth of his life and in the characters he drew, and neither does he present to the young public opinion who spends his life on WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. An appropriate need for his taste and way of thinking. He presents a picture of a generation instead of what wins from the front of the screen and identifies the girl in reality, he sells her a deep message on Elvis proving that he is a wretched and intelligent valley of the years. The truth is not known. But my final judgment will be on the product before me, which is a fragile and weak product .. Before this, Mohammed Sadiq was presenting a heavy work, but it is not boring. This time, he made boring and boring work. Hive because it tells about our semi-virtual life, and boring because it is full of fake depth. A living example from the heart of the novel on my words :. And not a minute is too much for you ..... He said it while throwing his cigarette, which was still in the middle of it on the wet ground, to make that lovely sound for himself when the torch was extinguished with water .... The sound of the defeat of the fire burning in front of the peacefulness of cold water .... Opus Aid, who came to you .. review yourself in what you write. Vsss said. I certify that the author&#39;s interest in linguistic audit increased. Interest in the language generally increased. This is a good sign, I hope it will rise next time and offer a suitable product for the show. I hope that he will raise his fans as I hoped in a previous review of his novel, to a level above the current level. The idea that he is the best-selling in Egypt is a general indicator of the decline in literary taste. Insta Hospitality. Insta Khurrah. Insta Instinct. Insta Heri. Insta people are insane in writing. Insta boredom. Insta fake depth. Insta bitterness Tarshit. Get well
Misuse of reception staff. price. The mistreatment of the night manager, Rohit Chaudhry, and the poor treatment of the reception staff. I arrived at the hotel at night, and the reception staff was present. Present on the topic and when I asked him his treatment was not bad and raises his voice and it seems to him as if between me and his personal enmity and I was delayed knowing that a week before that I arrived at the same hotel and the same night manager I arrived at the hotel at the morning and told me to leave the clock at noon, which means that Reservation is only hours and I went to a star hotel and booked and departed on the second day at noon .... It was notified and nothing happened and the management of the hotel was informed and nothing happened to that, knowing that I do not know why his treatment was bad
Did not attend in that novel God made Abraham, so the comparison between that narration and what was previously presented to the Arab library is unjust and it will not be entirely in the interest of the latter. There is no destination for comparison. And a breakdown was inevitable. The novel was supposed to be about an Egyptian expatriate and what he found in his westernness, but it ended completely for a novel in which the hero searches for food and wine and attempts to have sex with all the women he meets from different nationalities, and it was sending me boredom and boredom
With my full respect to Sheikh Mohammed Al-Areifi .. And with all due respect to all the veiled women, one of which is my mother, may God protect and preserve her. However, I refuse that this book is for proof that the face must be covered for women .. The complete middle veil without any stress and without any exaggeration is the veil that consists of robes with its inclusion of things that are not to describe and not recover and not be striking .. and from the head covering with Its coverage of the aforementioned qualities ... I also have many objections to the evidence that Al-Arifi has inferred .. For example, in one of them, he mentions the orders that the Prophet’s women had singled out for them alone, and not other believers ’women, such as the conversation between them and the believers from behind a veil. . The strange thing is that this topic has received the amount of attention exaggerated by Al-Arifi in our time, this age in which the sheikhs talk a lot about jurisprudential issues and they forget intellectual issues that outweigh them ... I do not say that we do not adhere to the orders of religion, this is a red line that cannot Overcoming it, but we do not have to exaggerate and restrict ourselves, and to fall into a confusion that has been sufficiently repressed by the majority of scholars, by saying that the face is permissible to reveal ... In the end, I say God&#39;s curse on everyone who fights the veil and calls for openness and corruption on the earth ..
Moe Hotel is clean. Coffee shop. The cleanliness took a dirham to enter the girls&#39; room
I wouldn&#39;t recommend staying here and stayed at Waikiki Park Heights with my family for nights. Although the ocean view from the balcony was excellent, the place needs to be updated with dirty and flaking wallpaper, 1980s furniture, the bathrooms were good but they also needed renovation, and worst of all, I found a bed bug. From that time I was in a bad mood to control, as I washed in hot water and put everything in garbage bags and then moved to a nearby hotel.
The book is good, but I do not like NLP books and psychology ... I had it, but I did not regret buying it. Someone borrowed it from me and did not return it, and I do not know where it got: /
Very offends, I would not advise anyone. nothing. Everything is the first, the treatment of the receptionist is very bad and everything is bad the last time I visit
Nice words have weight and rhyme, but I can’t say poetry on it, because poetry is a feeling. Unfortunately, his village is not a pure feeling.
Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq .. the godfather of youth ... and the breeders of a whole generation who grew up in your literature, sarcasm and your outlook on life ... I do not expect that this message will reach you one day ... .. Educated on your novels .. And drowsiness drifted a lot as he reads your work .. I appeal to you ... Please .. Stop doing what you are doing by compiling some of your stories and articles published in newspapers and magazines and then publishing them in books that are marketed by exploiting the magnitude of your name and the greatness of your place among young people. .. These works weaken your literary balance .. and weaken the quality of your readers .. and lose the luster of your writing, its strength, and its impact ... to become just amusing writings You buy it instead of any crackers that may fulfill the same purpose ... you are missing the depth, sobriety and impact of your business that we are used to ... your loyal reader
There is no book to read and nothing to do with it, even a trivial book. Learn from it how stupid people write and how to think
This novel confirms to me that I do not rely on the opinions of others in their criticism of any narration, so each of us has a taste .. It is true that the novel began with a shaky start and feels that the novelist does not know where to start, so he did not make us imagine from the beginning the environment of the place nor the people as if he wanted to start with them All of us, there was no attractive thing from the beginning, but with the continuation of the reading gravity begins in it so that you are anxious to finish it despite the mud that we put in the novel as one of the commentators said and made us go into bad words and bad dissections of some situations, which lost many of the novel&#39;s aesthetics, so I do not think that the novelist To put all the photos A category in his narration, in order to criticize the society and its faults, exaggeration in the matter loses the credibility that we felt in mentioning the reality of Syrian society, and how the Baath was corpse on his chest for many years. If he separated and expanded in it and moved away from the scandalous scenes and nudity in his depictions, he would have a greater issue ... And the past of the characters .. There is a similarity of the novel with the story of Amarah Yaacoubian. The novel contains a beautiful amount of feelings, but the novelist spread it, which made readers alienated from it .. Am I the only one who did not know the name of the narrator in the novel? . I will convey some phrases from the novel that I do not understand the meaning of. He issues a silent buzz as a deaf fly. It sounds the voices of a weak gray rabbit lost in the desert ... and cried as a stinking fish that should be thrown to dogs. She escaped lightly, as if she was throwing a free, severed head that had been caught by worms from the window. Yellow flies covered their walls.
Very weak. God is something. everything
Perhaps the topic was important and touches on a specific time period in which tragedies and massacres of Islamists took place in the city of Hama, which went about twenty thousand martyrs in less than a month. But the language, its complexities, idiocy, and tautology destroyed the narration, making it heavy and perhaps dreary. If a Latin writer were to survive the events, he might have framed them in his most beautiful and wonderful way. Perhaps it became more important and suitable to be called. Narrative epic
Filth hotel, poverty, poor services, and flying insects. There is absolutely nothing. Everything is very bad, the beds are dirty, the beds are dilapidated, and there are small flying insects in the bathroom that do not provide services except with urgency and frequently pulls on you. The big problem is there is only one opening for electricity and any old ring, and everything is TV, kettle and freight ... elevators are small and they have pressure that means wasting your time There is a lot in the restaurant and the smell is enough. If the end of the night comes, the drills work for your head and they have no sense of the residents. Frankly, I will not repeat housing with them even if only one
disappointing. Location only. Unfortunately, its location is not bad, its furniture is old and not clean, the food level is low and they have no intention of renewing their old hotel.
Boring. His address does not address what is inside. I could not complete it. Perhaps if you complete it, the look will differ. But it is boring
Stay below star level. nothing. Cleanliness and staff
The usual mixture of success for any writer of the two-day countries ... just wasting time is not recommended
A peg. nothing. The hotel is very bad
The first book I say is bad ... a very weak and boring style that feels that the writer translates a foreign story with his touches to make it clear. Egyptian. There is no pure creativity, no story or style
disappointing. . Smaller rooms, the quality of the guests is mostly Indonesian, the focus of eating is on Indonesian meals, twice the Wi-Fi in the rooms
disappointing. . Not at that level
disappointing. . The room that was booked, we did not find it, and we were not upgraded to a better suite. Instead, the same value was deducted, and only a bed was added. The room was a standard bed.
Close to the place is good. But at the expense of other things, it is not comfortable. Lifts are a real problem for those who live on the upper floor for more than a minute. The lifts for the bathrooms are not clean and small
Regardless of the linguistic level of recklessness of Ahmad Murad’s and colloquial writings in his general writings ... the novel has many sexual overtones in its places and in a very cliche way and is too much and I do not think that the meaning would have lost much without it ... the novel at its end I did not find any A new meaning is added or the goal of the story like the late wonderful novels Radwa Ashour, to whom each novel has meaning and purpose ... the novel is successive stories and events that have no meaning instilled in our souls ... the two stars because of the funny situations in them no more.
Abu Muhammad. Location and parking service. The apartment was lacking in furniture, and the kitchen did not have kitchen appliances. The furniture is old and cleanliness is acceptable. It needs to be improved.
Poor quality hotel. Close proximity to the city. The phone stayed a whole day, I asked to activate the zero to call without a response, frankly frustration, the walk between the rooms is far and very long ... how long until I reach the room ...
disappointing. . Annoying
The name of the novel is carefully chosen to grab people&#39;s attention. But he is bored and contains a lot of evidence that indicates the stupidity of the princess
The worst hotel, and the stars do not deserve all their bad services, from reception to breakfast to buses ........ I didn&#39;t like anything.
Why did not I enjoy this time a novel by Nabeel Farouk? Is it because I did not find anything new in the novel, except God, the idea and the name that encouraged me to buy the novel, coveted in a novel far from the future file and the impossible man? Perhaps ... but the truth is that Nabil Farouk has not changed and has not changed his style and synonyms, as if you were reading the number or or from the file of the future where space, invasion, time travel and the president of the republic and .... everything is repeated. Strangely enough, I read a few days ago to add to Sabri Sabri, and despite all the repetition that I talked about, I was delighted to read it .. Perhaps because I was psychologically prepared to go back fifteen years back and read in the spirit of youth .. But with epilepsy I was ready to read a mature narrator like any other narration Another writer ... I originally thought it was like Ahmed Murad&#39;s blue elephant or like Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq&#39;s novels in which he abandoned the spirit of what narrated nature ... but unfortunately not everything that a person desires is understood
An interesting and strange story, and the writer&#39;s style is good, but I did not feel that I lived inside the story like we do when I read, for example, the miso clouds. The end was clear from the start with a weak suspense factor
The book does not hold anything new in terms of style or subject matter. Comment on topics in Arab society, but he merely mentioned them, then starting with linguistic costs and a great deal of talk, not to be presented and to be late.
A quiet place . The location is very convenient and the hotel is quiet. The price shown in Bucking is totally different from the reality
disappointing. Location only. There are no noise, noises, inconvenience, reception is bad, check in rooms, hours, they negotiate my room, they will give me a room, and I am a sweet barrier.
Weak. I liked the comfort in the hotel, the calmness, the good reception and the treatment of the employees, especially the employee Muhammad Hareth, as his dealings with us were the highest in taste and respect.
He was surprised when people eat something from Mac. The best thing that Mac has to offer is ice cream, MacFloury, Oreo, so I just want everyone to watch the following YouTube clips: //. . / =: //. . / = =: //. . / = =
The location is excellent, but the rooms need constant renovation and maintenance, and no room cleaning. . The bedding and the beds are old and worn out, they need to be renewed
I did not finish reading it. I do not consider it a novel but rather a delirium written in a style less than that of a literary style. I was surprised by the sheer amount of praise. It is a story of disgusting values, in which I felt that literature descended to the bottom, a trivial novel that does not deserve to waste time on it. True, its vocabulary is somewhat distinctive, but it is not forgiven for not observing the imposed narrative style. You deserve to be loved
The idea is very sweet, no one denies grace. An example of many girls around us, in every case and in the star of friendship, and me is an example of very many girls in her age, but I am still not convinced that this is a real person originally. Link between the salon passport and happiness. It is not my sincere admiration, nor do I like it, because it was me. The best example of a successful passport in my opinion is shame and its marvelous, wonderful, nobody can say that it is a passport of salons, and it is not a love passport. It is a mix between the two, but it is always great.
I don&#39;t see anything useful in the book
Unfortunately, it was not as expected.
Once they treated them badly, in the rooms the cigarettes were a normal dispenser and the reception dealt them pitch. . Everything is bad but the pillows are back
page. The writer resembles life with a chessboard, consisting of black and white, the black is the same the devil who controls you and the white is your faith and bringing you closer to God ..... the book is like a call to self-reform, an awareness session .. my opinion is that it is an exaggeration to put all our mistakes on the external devil. It is you, O man, with your mind, to increase your mistakes, or to move away from them and to draw closer to your Lord .... I like all of us, I will pray / I will work / I will succeed .... But the delay in keeping us away from our work, so your enemy is laziness and delay .. I did not like separation The last about the love of the West, and the illness of the West ... in my opinion was exaggerated and closer to racism, in addition to the positive side follows what he said As if we are just waiting for us, the West is all bad and odd.
You didn’t like it, like the trilogy, you never felt the same force. But like the habit, I liked her love about her words about Algeria and about the homeland. We wanted a homeland to die for, and we had a homeland to die at his hands
not good . Not developed and I would not recommend staying there. Entire
Conclusion: Politics is the ugliest thing in us ...
An unbelievable hotel that guessed Mövenpick chain. I never liked it, and God is great ... First, I really do not believe that this hotel follows the chain of Mövenpick hotels. Incredibly bad hotel for the following reasons: First the hotel does not overlook the campus. It is better to choose the room and requested to change it, it was worse, and I asked to look and pay the difference and pay the extra riyals and it was the same look that means you will not see the sanctuary except in the case of your head coming out of the window and you wrapped your entire body hahahahahahahaha Among Al Batta hotels in Riyadh Wat Lantz Hahahonci I tell you the position of my car for a Hacpt SR for two days
Weak. nothing.
good . The presence near a complex that includes restaurants and hyper panda, the bed is comfortable, the room is clean ... Service was not sufficient by the staff, breakfast is expensive, bathroom facilities are few, parking is small, and the room size is limited
Weak. . Even reservations from a site they refused and did not approve of it
disappointing. The location of the hotel is very poor and its value is high in relation to the size of the rooms.
They deceived us .... Pictures by Google on the basis of a resort and when we arrived they told us that your reservation at a hotel belonging to La Majid and when we saw the hotel it was disappointing ... and this is a trick and on reservation dot com attention .... everything I did not like ... everything
Of course, the reader feels overwhelmed that he shows one person by leading himself in order to be raped ... What about you with Maya ????. But I made a mistake. It was supposed from the first time that it would be considered threats as a lie from him .... But the writer is very prejudicial to the diet of the eastern man over his household in general. This is not the defect of the eastern man. He does not want anyone to touch his dignity and honor .... In the first time I read The title is, I think that the dialogue is about the deception of husbands, but if you knew that it was an oppression for women and weak women, especially you could not find his village from the first ... I wouldn&#39;t like to see an oppressed person ...
Very weak. I absolutely did not like the hotel failed to the farthest degree. Everything I did not like. Room and reception services. The restaurant is all very unsuccessful. There are cockroaches in the rooms. The bathrooms are very tight and the Wi-Fi is very expensive and very, very slow.
I remember him, the first thing that started a year in a year was a strong start .. It was frankly wonderful .. delicious and delicious food. And interest in the quality and quality of cooking, but over time its level declined and became less than normal ... It opened in many branches ... but at the expense of quality ...
Weak. The eggs of God, the face of the young man who pours coffee, is a cheerful person, and his reception is beautiful. A very basic hotel, why do not have carpets and floor with three heads
Not worth the big amount. nothing. Unfortunately everything
A need for social literature, which is the weakest type of literature .. His village once and I liked it, but now it is salvation .. It was consumed in a vulgar way. Diwan is an attempt to sculpt, it is not a new experience .. its framework exists and is not considered one of the attempts that made literary conquests. . The hours of one will be eager to read literature that is of this type .. the diwan has a sweet need .. someone call me so I can take this evaluation
Me back
Weak. nothing. Bad hygiene. And smell. Very electrical inside the apartment and the furniture is old
This narration was said to be:. the most beautiful. The finest. like no other. But I say:. Very ordinary. very boring. No new was provided. Palestine is full of poems and novels ... is enough trade
A story of magical love ... waiting for things that do not come and other losses that came in passing, but it got stuck in the heart more than it should. Magi Love Story: The Lost Hope And The Long Dream That Never Ends. Magis Love Story: Quick stops for a fleeting life. When the love story is symbolized as a magi, fire comes to our minds, a symbol of magical worship, and so is the power of life and dreams. It fires like a fire that never goes out.
I did not expect this low level. Location. Buffet rooms
The novel contains many details that do not have a place in the novel but rather a paper filling to give the narration a larger size, if the writer moved away from the details that do not serve the novel would be more beautiful, in general if the novel ends with an infinite or incomprehensible end I will retire the world of novels forever .. And here I am if I just finished Unfortunately, I read my disappointment. It is not logical in the novel and it seems as if it happened in a world that we do not know its contents and we do not know its existence. In general, the writer&#39;s style of narration and choice of terms is very beautiful, but it was not successful in the story
Failed hotel. Internet only. Only elevator and crowded style asphalt m Staff rooms and beds are not clean Car parking is not available
A star, not a Latin? A star, and not forethns ???? Leave them two stars for Ramadan. First, I felt the story is very trivial. It can affect the topic, as well as about the people who were hired. They did a horror on it .. It is not with fear, and the idea is very old. Very, frankly, I hate the style of the text of speech. And I hate more colloquial terms when he tries to write it with al-Fusha .. I can say that the best book for him was tales of Farghal Al-Muskawi because the book is not serious .. and it is light blood .. Advice: Stay in the cynical horror better
Substandard hotel, not suitable for even one star. The cleanliness of the lobby, rooms and corridors in general, and the availability of parking and valet service, the presence of a prayer rug with a Qur’an with a kiss indicator only available. Lack of crew carrying luggage where you serve yourself, the room service is very tired, the staff entering the room without permission, the bathrooms are very small and very very narrow also the rooms are very small and narrow, the rash of water in the bathroom and the presence of unpleasant odors coming out of the bathroom and spread the room, the absence of supplies Cleanliness of toothbrushes, soap, shampoo, hairdresser, clothes iron and other necessary supplies, lack of availability or diversity in TV channels where the basic channels are just as the TV screens are very small, lack of a mini-bar and fridge is empty until Mayfaya, tea kettle are all dust and rust
This is the fifth novel that I read for Miso’s clouds, and I think it will be the last. I have no longer the desire to follow his works, so I lost the passion to read his novels, as he explained in that narration that he was bankrupt intellectually .....
Weak. Decors. The reception desk is bad, quiet, the american restaurant is bad
The hotel does not deserve a star. The site is close to the campus. There are no parking spaces enough, there are no places in the restaurant at breakfast, and apologies for not having places.
Very weak. I did not like anything. The treatment is not good
The second review after the second village:. God cursed the legend of the blue elephant. Now I want to know exactly what book I want. Those who are fascinated by any of the countries that understand it, and we don&#39;t mean? What is the end of this platoon? Pylos was the first to have an example? The truth is that I did not accept, nor did the children of Adam understand the end by saying what, and there is no fate known which is what gave us the story. The jinn is there, my lord, and the magic is there, but the goal is that the problem is that the other will not be destroyed by the Qur’an, but there will still be a mockery about it. The jinn is the only religious symbol that he used. The novel has no answers, and it will not be wronged by Ahmed Murad. If I said that it is a narration, I don’t have more, literary style, love, drama, and characters zero on the North, for any respectable literary work, but our Lord is generous and heard in the midst of the youth of Maqruq in P, they will be amazed by any need to the extent that they consider blue separation The best novel they read in their lives. Its medal is a star. As for its village two years ago, I have two stars, and I am a clear conscience, because it is really fun and by letting time pass by ..
Take enough information about the ward and the positions. . The location of the hotel and an excellent partial view of the Kaaba .. There are no car parks and there is no clarification regarding the positions. Dread has been edited.
Weak. nothing. The hotel staff is very bad not to acknowledge the confirmed reservation from Boking website and give me a room instead of two rooms as in the reservation
Cheese has a title: This delusion ... uttering utterly ideal, inconsistent with our dull Arab reality in terms of feelings .. I do not call it a novel, only an experience of love with beautiful flowery words and poetic style, which led to failure due to the cheese of this young man ... and what The most cowardly men in our Arab societies ...
Very weak. Nothing but exit procedures only. Very old hotel
. nothing. The rooms are neither clean nor bathroom
disappointing. The guardian. Adaptation and bathroom
disappointing. . Car parks were not available on Thursdays and Fridays, and the distance is far from the campus.
Very weak. . I put the level completely, and it was not added
The only thing that caught my eye in the novel is the writer&#39;s ability to paint the character of the protagonist with all his ideas, feelings and beliefs in a distinct way.
disappointing. The location is excellent. The bed is old and should be changed, and the Wi-Fi is weak, as we asked them for Wi-Fi to connect three times to solve the problem and the transmission is still weak
Initially, the book is completely far from its title .. It starts with an introduction, the simplest description of which is the definition of boredom: / Then I was actually thinking of complementing the book .. After this book the parts were divided and divided into articles .. The most part of his love is the first part of the Roma children .. If it was evaluated on the first basis Two parts guided the book stars, but the rest of the parts did not like them, especially the beginning of tampering, out of the original articles I loved .. I was not encouraged by the book.
I think that the issue of thinking and its relationship to religion is old, but Akkad is a beautiful method of presenting topics however they are. You rate two and a half stars
Zinni Barakat. Severe weakness in portraying and embodying people and places, sluggishness in structure, plot and escalation of events, costing the language, losing its simplicity and smoothness, which caused the reader to miss the pleasure of reading completely. The extreme poverty of dialogue within the novel was one of the most repulsive things ... in short ... a lot of boredom, a little benefit, a complete lack of pleasure: /. To all this is added the scorn of the version issued by Dar Al-Shorouk due to the abundance of spelling and grammatical mistakes, neglect of punctuation marks, and the coordination of the text, in a manner that increased my suffering with the novel, by making a real effort in the speed of salvation, including: /. One star is too much for her
I am not honored to stay in this hotel after today. The place of the hotel is well received by the zero staff. The staff reception is old hotel furniture. The rooq is not J and crowded, and the employee in the rooq is not a good style when you came to enter.
I like it: in the Arab world you live. Chess. Raid. But in general, I liked it in songs more
I do not see what is beautiful in this novel, I see it as a review of the Algosaibi culture more than it is a novel, I felt as though this is its goal .. the review. The amount of information is enormous, and some of it, if most of it is not important, after several pages you will forget. May God have mercy on you, Ghazi Al-Qossabi, he was a leader, a personality, an intellectual, but a novelist
Very weak . . The employee&#39;s approach to customers, whose name is Atef, has no ability to accommodate the customer
Note:. This work is composed twice. Scarmita wrote the play translated by Mamdouh Adwan first, then he wrote the novel translated by Salman Al-Almani, and there are two films taken from the novel, the first directed by Antonio Scarmita himself, and the second is an Italian movie with the same title .. I did not want to read the play first, I wanted to read the novel Especially since Saleh&#39;s name is secular on a book that makes me take it while I close eyes but I did not find it with regret, as the version circulated on the network is the play. Most of my attempts to appear to be a good friend to the theater seem pathetic. I hope to find the novel soon
Finally I finished it ... I never thought that it would end with the language of Muhammad al-Mansi, a very distinctive lamp and a precise recipe that transports you to the heart of events and creates an extended bridge for you that enables you to easily travel between the jungles of Africa, Cairo, Europe and finally Mexico .... For these reasons the novel was given two stars As for the rest of the stars: I was overwhelmed by boredom, as the events dealt with in the novel could be summed up in half the number of pages .... I did not feel the novel or its events .. It did not penetrate inside me .. Holding it and re-reading was a heavy burden. Finally, the lengthy explanation of sexual relations in full detail is disgusting
The only good part of the novel is that the dialogue is elaborate and beautiful .. but it is stuffed with many absurd acrobatic phrases .. In addition to the intrusion of the struggle of science, religion and art in it is very thin and shallow and it is like salt that is placed after the completion of cooking .. a weak narration ..
I liked a character that I hated Japan in the novel or autobiography. It has a way of reading my mind because of a need that I don’t know. It is a biography that is completely different from my reading for any other need. I didn’t write, I wouldn’t judge the way to write the scene of the mountain’s rise, which is described as weak here, because it’s a monster, just because the words failed the writer for her hour. I didn’t live the period with the same feeling because I appreciate the wisdom, nor was I in the same circumstances or her culture because I say that the decision to escape at the end of the novel was Right or wrong We are here by reading a part of a person’s life and he has the need that I would prefer to say in any CV. We are not qualified to judge ..
Knapp is good overall and does not deserve all this fuss and a dense aura drags the curious to see it, which attracts the disappointments of many
Narration is not bad. It has very little description of places. The overall focus is on the point of view of people, their sweet, and their way of thinking. I do not deny that I felt a bit bored in the novel because it is a highly anticipated traditional. Feel with her that you are watching a movie you have seen several times before. But the novel has a realistic end and a semi-coherent style, but without high-level literature. Which makes me search for Sarah Al-Badri for the next novel, so I know where I got to
disappointing. . There are no special shoes for the bathrooms. The rooms are small. And the bathroom is very small. The buffet is not good. Breakfast times are very short
I do not deny that the story excited me, even though throughout the novel I feel that it is a set of ideas that have passed through me in other novels that have been grouped together. The plot is poor in many places, the language is weak, and meanings overlap in many places. I recommend reading it to beginners in reading puzzle novels. The end is also not well formulated and considered disappointing
My worst experience in Dubai. . A weak hotel by any standard and it is disappointing to see such a hotel on Sheikh Zayed Road, as it is totally unacceptable. Cleanliness is very bad. Your precious vehicle may be damaged due to poor assigned parking spaces and poor careless driving. The hotel entrance location is completely improper because it is behind the metro station and its strange entrance. Poor quality of food provided and delay in meeting requests. The first problem I faced was the lack of quality in the room, which forced me to come down to the reception to make the departure procedures, and that after a few minutes of my arrival. The staff is not friendly and is not suitable as employees of hotel services in the city of Dubai and I am surprised that the Economic Department did not take any measures for such behaviors
Overpriced near Euston station, but overpriced. The room was supposed to be of a high standard, but I found it rather small, the window without double glazing, and the room was noisy. There is no elevator and the stairs are too narrow. One needs a small foot to climb or stand on his side.
Perhaps it is the shortest collection of poetry that she has seen .. She thinks that she does not resemble anyone ... and I see her with her texts and her imagination embodied in beauty as a child writing the world with an older mind ... It is not nice for adults to chat with the minds of young people ... but I did not find in the folds Her poems are what I read for reading.
A novel full of stuffing. very boring
It will not be repeated, God willing. Location and positions. The scent of wings and rooms cannot be tolerated or tolerated by everyone, small or large
Weak. . Normal and less than normal ,,, and does not deserve high value ,, old and worn furniture, first and last
The worst hotel I&#39;ve ever stayed in for value. I will not go down there again, its advantage being that it is close to the Haram as a motel not worthy of that place. The first room, the bathroom, dripping water on the restaurant, the second room, a strange sound in the bathroom, with high humidity. Out going morning breakfast is cheap and bad
The truth is I don&#39;t know if I was already laughing at myself while I was reading a novel that knew its meaning. The truth is, I knew that I would face this. But until it happened, I am really my life, what I got out of a literary work with all this disgust to the extent that I really did not know I slept ..... I would rather try to forget how many ill imaginations were in the novel. The truth, please don&#39;t know if I evaluated the narrator, right or so, because of my negative feelings. But the truth is .......... that my age did not read a book and I felt after it how bad it was. I apologize if my feelings wronged your book ......... but excuse me the book is really shocking to the degree of disgust and disgust
His place is not suitable. Breakfast was very beautiful. The bathroom is small, you are generous, the family is small, and its smell is very disgusting. What I liked most is that it is far from the sanctuary and on top of a mountain, too. I mean if you live at the end of Ajyad Street, the best:
Malush&#39;s book is necessary for frankness, even if the writer is blood thin and her style is delicious, and this is what I have completed. The book speaks on the basis that permissibility is a battle, for example, that we must win, or that the goal is the bridegroom and salvation, as if you are looking for a job, for example, and the target is not really a life partner, and searching for your second text, for happiness, for housing, affection, mercy, for love
The bureau is enjoyable in its size, poems and drawings in general, but it has the disadvantage of not taking into account the weight, rhyme, locks, or poetry gaps in most cases, even though the bureau is entirely in the vernacular. The best poems from my point of view:. Crown .. The Book of God..women recommended .. a year .. a limit of the sword .. a message of help .. madness of majesty .. prayer .. jihad .. violence .. development .. polygamy beloved wives .. fun .. Islam phobia in the West .. Aisha. As for the drawings facing each poem, if it is correct to call it, I salute the team working on drawing those shapes and paintings that largely reflect the topic of verses and the issue presented on each page.
I would have liked to have read the posts first. Very bad. I usually read all the hotel reviews, but this time it was the first time I booked without reading, my fools. This hotel was pathetic. Check-in was very slow ... elevators broke down and we had to use service elevators ... breakfast was cold and dirty. There are no cups or dishes. We bothered to go one time even though we paid for three days. The doorman gave us totally incorrect information so that they could secure our reservations, even though we didn&#39;t want that for a very exaggerated value. The room service wants to pay cash for delivery instead of adding it to the account. There was a leak from the toilet on the bathroom floor, my daughter slipped and hurt herself. Two bags of tea were allocated to us every day. The front desk didn&#39;t issue a Wi-Fi card because it was too late. And when they released it, it took them a minute to organize it. My room key didn&#39;t work at different times. It was a minute-long exercise to go to the front desk from the 23rd floor and back again at the slowest elevators on earth. The positive point in those very old and dirty rooms is that they were large, Craig Basleton, Western Australia
Mixture
An incomprehensible novel .. The beginning of events is not clear .. The names of the characters are absent .. I did not find a novel but rather found feelings expressed by the writer as if he wanted to show his expressive talents only .. Dialogues I do not think that they exceeded the dialogue .. The speech does not meet to express the amount of disappointment that I felt it when I finished reading this novel
disappointing. . No cleaning materials, towels and shampoo were available, the biggest problem was that the air conditioner was broken for more than an hour and the event was not handled properly
A political book published two centuries ago that talks in the social contract about the relationship between the ruler and the ruled and political parties. It must have been a bold proposition in that era. A useful book for beginners to readers in the relationship between politics and society. I didn&#39;t have much to add
I have mixed feelings towards these messages, you can only put your hand on your heart pain all the time as you read Ghassan bleeding and attach it to a story without hope and a woman&#39;s heart pumping pride, not blood, it seems that he relishes in pain and pays the price of this pleasure his physical and psychological health, part of my sympathy with the amount The tremendous love that he carried for Ghada and part of me is impossible to sympathize with the story because of the existence of a third party, which is the wife. In the life of Ghassan Al-Hobb, it was the curse of a curse that came to him on the body of Ghada, who seems to have deliberately made him suspended between life and death to satisfy the female narcissism within it. Actually, this, and through her writings, also, it is not difficult for you to really see her tyranny
It is worth visiting again. Everything was beautiful.
And always remember not to remember. In the memory, pain will subside. Sweet start as a novice writer and novice reader. But as a whole, it didn&#39;t add much to me
A single novel
I hadn&#39;t read half of the novel when I was overwhelmed by the frequent occurrence of the word Aziz. I don&#39;t think the writer wanted readers to reach the hero’s hatred, but I did .. The writer lacks the audacity to better address society issues.
A short collection of three poems. The poet admonishes his homeland and abuses him in some lines. I did not like the Diwan very much, as the poet talks to his country that she surrendered, but even called the occupier, and this is what I oppose, because his country is a victim of the aggressor and is not a partner in the crime, conspiring against her sons. Two stars of weight and rhyme that gave the poems a kind of musical rhythm
disappointing. I did not like anything. The bedspreads are old, the monetary value is high compared to the hotel
I am tired of this novel, I will not fall into the trap of courtesy just because Isabel Allende has accompanied it,
Weak. . The behavior of the receptionists trying to persuade you to take the lounge to the floor and if you take it below the level to the second hotels lying to the inmate and when you arrive by car there is no one who takes the car to the parking spaces in general the management is bad
It is more ridiculous than the word means. Shami. My categories, my life, and my effort were wasted on masquerading and cursing, and there was no advice in it. The title is attractive, but the content ... God knows
Honestly, lack of respect for the guest. Prophet&#39;s Mosque. Whether the transaction is from the hotel staff
I did not read poetry there is no poetic. I did not read anything: |
I do not recommend living in it. The site is now surrounded by excavations from all sides. They made a test evacuation and did not tell me to order a car, do not attend, ask for cleaning, and have no bad contact
Never recommend it. . Reception is very poor and there is no cooperation for the convenience of guests. The campus buses of the hotel do not work according to the schedule announced by the hotel. There is only one elevator that serves the entire hotel
First, the characters lost all their features, between excessive goodness and perfection in the form of Walid, as if the angel on the ground, excessive evil and meanness, and his calling in the form of a noble person. Unfortunately, the childish way of dealing with the novel is bad
The frankness I got very tired of the novel, and I found that I didn’t want to finish it, but it was just myself that I know that he is in some way addicted to the way that it can be nullified ?? The only need that I expected for Salah, or I wanted her to die, I felt that he was a criminal against a lot of people who deserved it, and deserved to be deemed late, but from when he entered the hospital to the end of the novel, I made sure that I was wrong and that the addict was sick, could be nullified, and I wanted the last part in it that I wanted hope and insistence that was He just has to tell the novel very, very boring
A beautiful novel that loves the person in approaching you, and avoids you from negligence, and sometimes takes revenge on yourself. I liked the real scenes of life in it, but going into details sometimes is exhausting and gives boredom and the language of dialogue I did not like .. Joking was heavy and vulgar but wonderful content and benefit..and I stirred something with our insights for change and the love of drawing closer to God ..
I like you very much, but we can say in colloquially, this is a working matter, I mean articles collected from the articles of Dr. Ahmed.
Very weak. . Zebaaaaaaaaaaaa Apartments
The author continues to present the most prominent features of secularism through some definitions such as: Rationalization: No matter why you do what you do, the important thing is how you do it. For example, does it matter if an athlete uses steroids as long as he outperforms his peers? The nation-state: which puts the interest of the state above everything, including the citizen of the state itself, and if children can add to the national product of the state, why don&#39;t they work? Or employing workers, especially if they were from minority minorities, as long as this will reduce production costs .. The writer also believes that secularization leads to stereotyping in production, as profiling facilitates the development of mechanisms to produce goods, and also mentions some Nazi experiences on human bodies from the countries they occupied, especially Those related to the brain, whose results are still being studied until now in the universities of the world, even though their conduct is contrary to humanity, and although no one dares to repeat these experiences now .. The author also exposes some phenomena of secularization in many fields :. Secularization of the media: Through advertisements promoting magic solutions to all your problems, advertisements for washing powder, ghee or soap end up always in the image of a happy family, meaning that consumption leads to happiness .. Secularization of literature: creativity becomes absolute without any reference, and art is directed to abstraction .. secularization of clothing : Uniform for men and women .. secularization of the economy: production and profit become two goals and not ends to satisfy the needs .. secularization of tourism: the state does not care about the human value of the tourist, but because of the money he pays that increases the national income .. secularization of sport: the athlete devotes his life All of the exercise to raise his performance to inhuman rates in order to excel, instead of Ko Here a way to spend leisure time .. promotion model, which suppresses human self-made itself in order to achieve wealth and maximize production .. There is a large part of the book dedicated to the Jews, in which the writer presents those ideas. Hitler initially tried to send German Jews to Poland but because it was an independent country at the time they refused to take them and took refuge in the Holocaust, and the author sees that if Hitler had some colonies he would have done just as Britain did by sending them to one of those countries under their control .. secularism is not a conspiracy Judaism, but rather a social phenomenon that arises not because of the individual’s desire, but against their will .. Zionism and Nazism agree that Jews have no place in Western civilizations and differ in the proposed solution .. Of the Jews of the Western world are secular, they are only linked to some preamble.
disappointing. The location is close to City Center and provides parking and going up to the rooms directly. This is the second time I stay in this hotel and it was a bad stay this time because of an unpleasant smell and lack of air conditioning, and despite the upgrade of the room type to Sweet, it was not as expected.
Wonderful outside and inside, unfortunately, very non-existent. . The villa is very non-existent, the bed is bad, the bathrooms and the lounge chairs are producing a very undesirable smell. Please improve it
The first novel in .. and the first reading of Jabra Ibrahim Jabra. The story is weak ... a group of characters who meet by chance in a ship, but it becomes clear later that it was not a coincidence, but rather a meeting that occurred as a result of betrayals. The wife cheats on her husband, who in turn betrays her with her friend. The novel ends with the husband&#39;s suicide. Despite the writer’s attempts to add some details outside the main place of the ship, such as the hero’s memories and the death of his friend. However, he did not succeed in breaking the boredom within the novel. The language of the novel is very good and it is the only reason that encourages the reader to complete the novel especially that the novel becomes very boring in the middle ..
The book is light and the style is very simple ... A set of postings for short stories, some short thoughts, some of them in the Egyptian accent that are attractive to safety. My mood may be bad
Just to sleep alone. Nothing caught my eye. There is no good parking, random parking, and the agents cannot best serve you.
Without a title, it is very better. What can I say? The movie, Miss Mami, is a family movie or that they can convince us about, a comedy in the first quarter of an hour, exactly, and then it turns into a silly dramatic movie without justification at all. The movie is based on the character of Nani Yasmine Abdel Aziz, who does not want to marry and have children. The cold, selfish, rich person who lives her life for mere pleasure. She dreams that she married Khaled Hassan El Raddad and gave birth to children, so see what happens next? What&#39;s the original movie? It was not really sweet. I will not talk much about the performance of the actors or the characters in the movie because there is no actor or actor who performed the role to the fullest and I will not speak to any other people. Its role was almost non-existent. What comes to my mind right now is how Nani Yasmine Abdel Aziz, the vanity selfishness, does not want to marry and have children that turn into another character completely in just one scene when her father Ahmed Fouad Selim I repeat to her two words three words on how is he staying happy and happy when he stays sitting with the family, so the result will be For the viewer to put his hands on his head from the height of naivety, frustration and disappointment, how many times will I repeat it? The character of the hero is not required to change in the movie and it is not necessary because the hero character is different from other people&#39;s opinions ... it changes. The film does not have a message because in both cases the film does not have a message. Let us talk a little about the events of the movie that if we delete its text, there will not be any change in the movie, and also that the imposed family movie can come to your family to enjoy a light comic movie that encourages the descending popular songs and sexually suggestive and on the other hand what in the scenes will make you ask yourself what is happening ? What is the reason behind the scene of the intimidation of the coach, Jum&#39;a Muhammad Lotfi, and why were they coming with strange crews? We do not talk about the scene that Yasmine Abdel Aziz and Hassan Al-Raddad went back to some of it, so the microbus driver humiliated them, and Hassan Al-Raddad turned to a ninja Turtle and made a huge leap to hit him? And how can you not know that her lover had a sister? Because this is the only justification for why, or do we say that it is a blatant mistake in the movie? which is closer?. In the end, Miss Mami is one of the films that will be left on a shelf on the shelves of the cupboard, and the viewer will forget it immediately after it comes out from the bottom of the cinema.
Furniture replacement. The location is convenient. Bed bugs are present with bedspreads and uncomfortable beds and cockroaches
Very weak. . Dirty hotel
I wonder what made the writer write on the cover of the book if it was presented by Paulo Coelho. Did he want to provide the reader with a book that deserves to be read that at least minimized the Paulo fans themselves? Or is it a lack of confidence in his book .. The book contains good and beautiful phrases, also contains a lot of quotes that reveal a reading character, but is that enough? The book came with what is similar to the precursors, some of them are good and others are illogical. The talks came inconsistently when they were on the lips of a simple figure, so how about all this flowery talk? Is it worth reading? The book is not so bad, it is more like a good waiting time book. Read it when it gets in your way, but don&#39;t seek it.
I booked a room, and when I arrived, he said there was no room. . I booked a room, and when I arrived, he said, there is a room.
Beautiful, but it does not live up to the level I expected and does not deserve it when I got it from a reputation. Smooth and enjoy the pleasure that you find sometimes between the lines and lose them at other times ..
Simplifying some ideas, repeating them a lot, and ignoring many important details.
I could not complete it, if only the writer was satisfied with the end of the first novel .. The second party’s justification is ridiculous, irrational and boring, I may return to complete it for fun only
Genius language and narration. But is it reasonable Naguib Mahfouz, who does not know anything in history? The novel is full of terrible historical mistakes
Do not Ts. . The inconvenience caused by his maqam activities. We went to rest and recuperate, but unfortunately there was noisy music. Maintenance is poor and this amount of money is not worth the reception staff they have no background in facing visitor problems and there are no supervisors or alternate managers at the end of the week
Yes, I rate myself with two stars, but..you know why? Because I am still a continent and loyal to its reading from the first and new, the idea I liked, but my style is zero .. my language is zero, every need is zero in zero, except for the idea, if I had said on the idea that two pills, and God would have remained very good and I am sure of this .. That is why I decided to do the following: the novel will be deleted, and it will be written from the first. It will be written in a second style and a second plot, God willing, because I am in love with the world of the Pharaohs ... Your prayers will remain as you think. :
Losing the two hours that I lost on him, but I want to know what Khaled Al Batli thought of what he wrote? I want to see the features of his face reading his book, what did anyone consult before publishing the book? No one gave him a negative opinion, everyone encouraged him? I was intending to read Tuesday morning, but Hunt, Danette, yes?
I was not happy, for a reason I do not know, and I did not achieve the desired goal. did not ?. Simply feeling bored, I long imagined that she had managed to convey to me the monotony she had suffered. But the infection of that monotony has spread to me. And how can not and a life in which he does not find anything new,. And I do not see a knot or a solution ... nor any developments or changes in the personality of a person or those around him. What I liked most about the work, is the historical seasons. My eyebrows increased constantly by surprise and condemnation. I am still amazed at the writing of these lines of the silence of my contemporaries of this era in front of all this and how much corruption.
Very weak. . The place is bad and not clean, the Internet does not work, the TV does not work, the bathroom is old and not clean, and the water stopped in the sink
Sterile political thought
Weak. . Delays in requests and lack of respect for guests at the hotel gate
I will think again not to book this hotel and look for another. The location of the hotel and breakfast are excellent and the lobby is great. The notes mentioned during the reservation are not taken at the time of arrival
A good book to get an idea about the topic ... but from my point of view it is useless. It is a manipulation of physical terms that only specialists understand. Twisting and turning around is practically impossible to achieve. I see that the conscious person does not occupy himself with the pain of the past or the unknown of the future, but rather tries to live in the immediate moment and make the best use of it.
Impossible to repeat it. Proximity to the sanctuary. The reception treated the presence of an unpleasant smell in the room and the hotel refused to change it. With the possibility of that. The rooms with partial ruins are disappointing in terms of the view, so the Kaaba can only be seen with hardship.
Weak. Wi-Fi. And the proximity of services to the barber shop grocery. The price and description are two rooms, a lounge, and the reality is two rooms
Beautiful and I found in it what was useful and useful
The largest Nassabin hotel in Al-Ahsa. every thing is bad. The price, parking services, reception, and Wi-Fi are required to take your mobile phone in order to connect you to the internet.
The worst residence in my life. The service is very unsuccessful and does not deserve value. Delayed delivery of all services is very unsuccessful
Increase in reservation prices. I did not like anything.
Whenever you read or see a work by Professor Ahmed Al Shugairi, you realize why this man is gaining the love of people, it is simplicity. A simple and beautiful fact book, except that the excerpts in the second part of the book were of difficult, harsh language and ideas were repeated where no Gandhi&#39;s entire personality was revealed.
Nice and smooth book ... the first thing that attracted me to it was its title. Actually, I did not get bored while reading it ... I hope you enjoy my life like this:
Al-Shukairi talks about his journey in India, then quotes it to Gandhi .. In the first chapter, many details of the trip were of no interest to the reader. Moreover, most images do not provide benefit. Writing it in colloquial language makes me confused. How does Shuqairi assess our Arabic language? Is it a priority? Or from the formalities that are okay to be lenient. The idea of being alone in India makes it difficult ... Why is not being alone at home? As a girl advised? The purpose of being alone is to repeat it several times, and this is difficult to implement every time a trip to India. The noes limit them according to his interests, it is in a laptop, a telephone, and a TV ... which are things that may not be preoccupied with being alone with others ... As for the chapter on Gandhi&#39;s quotations, it did not come up with a new thing, which is explained by the fact that it is present in the biography of our Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him .. Generally the book: Weak Content, not without pleasure, interest and valuable advice.
I liked two or three ideas ... and I did not like two or three ideas ... and the rest of the ideas were beautiful and expressed in a gentle but usual way.
The novel contains a lot of spelling and grammatical errors that come down from the level of the novel in addition to unimportant and repetitive details such as writing indicated by his left palm; and other details that were revealed from the eloquence of the content, there are also many unrealistic or reasonable behaviors such as considering Ranmaru and Yako as brothers For each other although a very short period of time makes the idea unreasonable, frankly there are many weaknesses in the story
A very perfect book, far from realism, lacks methodology and is replete with repetition. The literature of Sheikh is greatly benefited.
disappointing. Location only. The cleanliness is very poor, the furniture is very old and uncomfortable, and the mattresses are not clean
A very bad and boring novel to the utmost degree, and I do not know the reason for her nomination mainly for the Poker Prize. As for her victory, this is surprising.
Actually, I don’t know whether I like to work because I don’t like this fantasy at all. Not because the amount of detail in the novel is too much to bother. Or maybe I already reject the idea of a narrator scenario that incites despair and sees salvation in the end as death and hell is hope. What I liked in the end is the policeman
The star of Mustafa, the banknote, and the rest are intended for rubbish.
unsatisfying . . Not to clean the room at the time of our exit
Ciiii. No it wasn&#39;t delicious. Breakfast. The service is very bad and they did not give us rooms according to our request and we requested a comprehensive breakfast. Take the right breakfast from us
disappointing. . Price, shape and everything
And applies to this narration, the phrase dreams of Mostaghanemi in the memory of the body. We do not recover from our memories .. That is why we paint .. That is why we write .. That is why some of us die too.
Enjoy. Room cleanliness and ease of housekeeping. After swimming pools and the sea from the rooms. The lack of a means to facilitate access to the sea. Repairs to the resort and to the small pool. Establishing a private party for men in the place designated for guests and families, and men going out of their clothes in the children&#39;s pool
I do not think that the book is suitable for culture owners. It is written with frequent examples of the disobedient young man who did not think of his mistake. In fact, I regretted reading this book very much and decided after it not to read anything to Amr Khaled, especially books that were lectures in the mosque and then turned into a book. After this book I read another book more dependent on the Qur’an and Sunnah to tell the story, and I discovered the big difference. Maybe I did not like the book to use the stories for the sermon and likened the stories of the great prophets to the trivial errors of the youth. For example, his analogy to the purest relationship between the Creator and his Khalil Ibrahim, peace be upon him, with the relationship of the young man and young woman who love each other in order to eliminate this phenomenon. Many notes I wrote somewhere about this book, when available, I put it here, God willing
I can&#39;t tell my opinion before reading the second part, it is very zero
One of the worst books I have read if not the worst at all.
disappointing. a. The pictures on the site are different from reality. In fact, La Residence is a supplement to Le Meridien Hotel. There is no Wi-Fi, so the rooms are. The space of the room is small. It is not worth more than to dirhams only
An easy and simple novel that you can finish reading in just two hours or a little more, because her idea is to simplify and get rid of a girl named Breda who has a year looking for herself and for the wisdom of life to go to learn magic to discover two ways to learn the magic of the sun and the magic of the moon and went to the forest to meet the magician magician To teach her the magic of the sun and go on the same path to the witch of the wicca to learn from her the magic of the moon and look at her wisdom and to search throughout the story her spiritual partner or the other half of her soul to discover that he is Majusi and that through the shine of his eyes and the luminous aura on his left shoulder and to learn wisdom in the end and You discover that she is a great witch and falls in love Do you stay with Lawrence who loves her, or do you stay with her spiritual partner, the magician, the magician, to advise the magician to leave him and go with Lawrence to keep his love for her in his heart burning, sometimes you have things that lose meaning after a while, such as flowers and roses, they are beautiful smell and the scene in the gardens and Orchards, if we tried to keep the flower, I lost its beauty and smell with time ... The novel contains many quotes and cuttings that I liked very much and which indicate the wisdom and philosophy of Paulo Coelho, which no one disagrees with, but it is not up to the level of the wonderful alchemical novel .. but ... What I liked about it is that the idea is simple and a Paulo will obey that includes many and many beautiful philosophy and judgment that benefit man on a personal and spiritual level.
Najma and less this is what you deserve, which is an extension of his narration of the room. His dependence on the jinn was a fall in his narrative narration
I was thinking that Zap Tharwat was the name of a rap group, and its members met to write a book, but it turned out that it was the name of one person, and the one was his name Ahmed ...... the name of Ahmed Helou, Zap ... Ahmed and go to Zap. .................................................. ........................ Ok, ok. .................................................. ........................ After we got rid of the confusion of your name in the name, we entered the school dialogue ... My opinion shows her a more busy father. .................................................. ....................... Shaheen Al. .................................................. ....................... Do not slander a man with a lie. Darwish said: You and my coffee likened pleasure, bitterness, and addiction. .................................................. ........................ It all goes, teacher. I do not have the habit of sitting and not having a bedouin. .................................................. ......................... And finally: Anyone who wrote or sold a message on the pages they would like to fill, after each part, wiped me from him, please:
Very weak. . The delay, the rooms
Her story didn&#39;t catch me, and I read it bored. Perhaps my admiration for the style of Buthaina Al-Issa forced me to complete it
Very small size, but it looks beautiful like a whiskey cup ,, I have not yet thought about using it other than it is for Mexican decoration
Like I liked the story, it is the shape of the cover, or in the sense of a more correct picture of a princess. The novel is completely opposite of my expectation, very boring more than once, I lose the desire to read it, even though I am a fan of Mohamed Abdel Halim Abdullah. Fixed redundancy is necessary for boring lengthening. Oscillating characters positions singer boring style. Even the weak words are not expected from the writings of Mohamed Abdel Halim. I need more, I liked the last page. Understood after sunset. And how do we arrange our dreams and ambition. Depending on the stage
Old and gloomy place, tower number two, the new tower, if this is new, then I would be nervous to see the old. The first room; no Wi-Fi wireless internet connection, the phone is damaged, no natural lighting comes in so the room is extremely depressing. As for the second room. After hours and after many calls, the rooms changed, they have a light .. There is no internet cable .... and showering is a challenge if you do not want to stand under a constant stream of water there is no room for movement which is difficult if you want to massage your hair with shampoo, it will be necessary You have to turn off the shower ... so you use the shower hose in the bathroom, evading the strange leakage of cold water and then hot. Suspicious signs on the bathroom door. TV channels are suitable if you are not an English speaker. The breakfast selection is cheap and not pleasant. There are no soles, one socket, no face cloth, a cup and a plate of coffee, but without a teaspoon. Adjust the air conditioning to the highest energy levels to get more cooling than some employees tried and smiled ... I refer to the room cleaner, the lady of the work center and the Italian restaurant waiter ... In addition, do not expect a welcome reception ... Avoid this hotel if you can
Summit in boredom I could not fully read it
A big star fails in his new movie The great star Liam Neeson, owner of a private school in the performance, made him a star waiting for his work millions around the world, especially after his success in a series of films and other films with an exciting and interesting plot. But as for his last film, he disappointed his fans with him. The film focuses on the hero&#39;s relationship to an accident he suffered years ago while working as a policeman and his attempt to track down a group of morbid thugs after retiring from service and switching to private business. There is a long stretch and length in events. And the presence of a small dose of chases and the dependence of the movie on the flashback system, which did not serve the film, on the contrary, it affected his dramatic series and had no reason throughout the events. The movie is not of a puzzle type that is based on a puzzle that the viewer tries to grab at the ends of his strings throughout events like the previous Liam Neeson films. But it is a classic drama movie about trying to catch criminals. But this did not prevent his performance hero at all, especially in the scenes that brought him together with a young boy, and this is the only goodness in the movie. For this my personal evaluation of it is from
There are works that you read so you enjoy and benefit, and there are works that you read that benefit. Without enjoying and others reading it listen and do not benefit. And a good writer is the one who combines racism with pleasure and benefit in his book. The blue elephant is the last species in most of its parts. Pleasure .. suspense without benefit and after you finish it, you almost never get out of it. Other disadvantages. Occupied sex intentionally occupies a volume too large. Attractive depiction of every cigarette and cup the hero takes. And it may be an encouraging reason for smoking, stuffing and drinking wine. Gambling, etc. There are some illogical events and some mistakes, because I read it from a while ago. Big, I don&#39;t remember those mistakes clearly, and they are, as you remember. Black dog and saliva from where it came. Uncle Syed, who met him at the hospital at the trunk of the tree, and was supposed to have been dead for a while. And other needs I do not remember. Bad mysterious end to the farthest extent. He did not understand much and the defect is not in the one who did not understand it, but in it. And I think that even Ahmad Murad himself does not fully understand it. Perhaps he could not finish the novel with a logical ending, so he resorted to. This mysterious nonsense. It is far from being named and what is the end. The end is the solution, which is the clear goal, the message and the wisdom learned. And things are not related to the late novel. Finally I give her half a star. And a half and a half thanks to me for having loved me and loved so much. P reading novels and perhaps some people loved them in the same reading
Incompetent staff. Hotel location only. The reception service, was poor and was rude to dealing with me. I am debating proof that the check is correct, the second hour. She posted a room cleaning service sign from the morning, and did not come to clean up until the evening. No when I called them. When leaving the hotel, it takes more than half an hour for them to bring me bags to the car.
I don’t know any words that could describe this work. It is very vague and vague. A work in which philosophy appears occasionally, which is somewhat worthy of reflection but not new or strange and does not appear to be coherent or important in events. It was not interesting and did not attract me to complete it but I wanted to know how the novel would end and the ending was not surprising
The last time I answered a book about you, the origin of the problem, that I lived in the revolution, your book about it is possible for my son to read because I love him in the novels.
The best things are the middle .. and there is no medium here, frankly
Weak. Bus drivers treat you more professionally than reception staff. There are no boilers at reception staff who are unable to activate the door unlock card every day
Miserable management. . The management of the hotel is poor and the reception treats you as if you are running thin and the beach is a sewage dump
The problem really is that the novel suddenly spread ... all people are fascinated by it..but you read and you are a stupid habit. Expected an extraordinary work..the result is that the topic starts with a reasonable and then the writer loses control of the threads..the story is removed and you feel that you are laughing at you .. and the moment is not Understanding the secret of fascination with it
disappointing. The location is just excellent. The lack of services in general ... the price is expensive ... the lack of appropriate decoration the absence of air conditioning in the hallways
A young traveler. . All the hotel, including it, is not suitable for staying with bad word meaning
The shaving machine motor is very weak ... just an attractive external decor and a bad content ... also very troublesome without interest
Welcome to the story that made me mock, disbelieve, shrieked and shrieked in the full sense of the word when I said my opinion about it. I will not come back again to all that I said before, because the writer Khalas knew my opinion and read it, and this is what interests me. I just want to say something. We are generally grateful and happy when we encounter a story without insignificance and lack of politeness, what remains for you if the opposite is respected and religious personalities, but we must know that this is not a sufficient reason at all that it gives up the novel sweet or even acceptable
Not distinguished. There is no like. I have been booked at the hotel more than once and every time I encounter the same problem, which is the delay in reservation procedures and the delay in entering the room
Failed Hotel This hotel is not suitable for sleeping because all insects are in the rooms and we are not adding, and the treatment is not good by the reception and all its employees.
Its shape is sweet
Unfortunately .. I cannot complete it, the verbosity of it is so disgusting. The writer&#39;s thoughts are scattered, unclear, and also the narrative is replete with repetitive things in a way that provokes the reader ,, a page was enough to kill my enthusiasm to read
A beautiful novel about love. This is what I can write this moment for my preoccupation.
One star for myself, I can save it. First, the cover and title are tainted, any relation to the content. Secondly, it is written that it is cultural content, and it is tainted, that is, its relationship with culture, from near or far. I felt that I was watching an old, repeated Arabic movie, not a thousand times. Writing style is bad and naive. Too many logical needs, even if this is a style of encouragement, I see more alienation. His urgency, for example, in which Mona chose to wear the niqab, was vexatious and abundant, and his horror was so terrible. She even got used to her husband, taking from the story of the famous wedding night. The story is very long, more than 40 pages, why not know? To be honest, I regret wasting any time on it
Two stars on the idea and only
From bad to bad
Very weak. . Unsuccessful deal, unsuccessful method, the nationalities of employees must be changed, and in particular the Moroccan who speaks with you as if you are working with her or that you are at her expense the last time you live in it and advise someone who lives
All I can say is that this monster is a novel that was written, and we consider God, and yes, the agent, and may God forgive him for the one who wrote it. I wish the book conceal fraud from people
The goal of the Earth is not life, not man. She lived without them and will live without them. They are the temporary sparks of its violent rotation .. Let us unite. We hold tight. Let our hearts fuse and create. Let&#39;s create a mind and a heart on this earth. Let us give a human meaning to the struggle of sublimation. You have to escape the horror of the heart that desires and hopes. Finding the Essence .. Win the most alluring hope hurdle. We fight because we enjoy it. We sing, and if we do not find ears, listen to our singing. We work even if we do not find an employer paying us. Our daily wages are because we ourselves are employers. ......
Very weak. Not just the location. So he put after midnight in the rooms
Unsuccessful. Failed and the price is overrated. The internet is weak, the price is high and it is shabby and the hotel is unsuccessful
Weak. nothing. When entering and leaving, there is no assistant carrying the luggage on my own ... A clean room was requested for three consecutive days without the request being answered ..... Adaptation in the main room does not work well ....
Very weak. Honesty is a workers&#39; residence.
The best of them is any language and wearing condition
The largest possible number of mental illnesses in the largest possible number of pages and the lowest possible number of personalities. Damn. If you could not find this ridiculous novel in absurdity, then invent it. Lumanche de prolongation, it has invented prolongation. Boredom acquires you from the third page directly and continues for the page. Well, it is a page of distress, mental illness and unjustified behavior at all. Raghad, the dog girl, has twice lost your family. The least possible punishment you deserve is the amount of mental illness that you have. The most ridiculous and sickest and stupid character I met in a novel in my life has the option of emotional blackmail and tears, but just that. The amount of insults in my heart for all characters is not normal. Someone says the whole of them, why do I tell him, not for an open end? But I pitched his village, so he would teach me to start cutting books, too
The story is good and interesting in recounting events, but its end is not amusing ... full of drunkenness, bloating, lying, patriotism, and Egyptian deception, and there was no need to change from its hour ... even though it is very strong, but there are words about sectarian strife, but the words of the government are just slogans.
:. I love him even though all people thank him ....
disappointing. The room level is good. Customer service and responding to inquiries are unsatisfactory, in addition to the bad bus service
. Have you ever read a novel that caused you indigestion, shortness of breath, and a persistent headache throughout its reading period? This is what happened to me when I read this novel. I was disappointed because I was very excited by what I read about her on the internet pages .. And the issue is shocking, that the writer isolated my year
The location is excellent, and the price is overrated for very poor hygiene and very poor services. The location is excellent .. there is no breakfast at all. There is no license from the General Authority for Tourism. There are no parking spaces.
Man in the Qur’an .. is made up of two books, namely: the human in the Qur’an, and the human being in the doctrines of science and thought, with one volume .. When reading this part .. As for the second book, the references are few, so how can we trust scientific words without references? I passed it quickly and did not care much .. a loss of time and a waste of money.
Weak. . Denying having a reservation from Poking and advising me with the reservation and reservation from the hotel, and this means that I will pay twice
All exiles do not dispel my brutality ... as long as my grand exile is in Nazar
Weak. Place of the hotel. Cleanliness / staff handling / promptness in meeting / frequent bars at the hotel
It was beautiful and now just like any hotel right to sleep ... The best of the Saudi employees, frankly, what was in the era was respectful, and I sat to see all the rooms to choose the best ones, and in the evening a Saudi employee shortened and his face frightened me to get extra blankets after the African worker refused and the hotel supervisor refused, he said there are no extra blankets ... the hotel was one of the best hotels and I was I always live in days when it was clean and the last trip to Mecca I lived in, but unfortunately the hygiene does not have bad smells in the rooms and the bathroom..Unfortunately, I suffered two things in the evening to get an extra blanket as if I was one of the African workers and by force I got extra blankets after waiting an hour for the worker
Warning is necessary: the opinion of his books is a personal opinion of a poor man in the world of shayef, he is distressed because no one is upset: ::. I don&#39;t know why I found it difficult to complete the last book and I was reading it reluctantly ... A book of his name .. Hidek is a shipment of happiness, hope, joy, optimism, and the love of life is endless .. Leave your soul loud with a flop on the ceiling .. But, unfortunately, sweet is not complete:. I like the first part of the book, which are tweets from the personal account of the writer, accompanied by cartoons that lead to his distinction. Life: .. Her sweetness is brief words .. In a sentence that does not exceed the letter .. The writer summarized many life matters. As for the second part of the book, which is lengthy or closest articles to life experiences .. I don&#39;t like you .. I don’t want to speak a monster or bad style, on the contrary, God forbid .. But I don’t like this type of book .. I don’t like books that are closer to development Humanity. With a sense of human development books and experiences of success in the whole world, we can sum it up in a sentence. One is that God does not waste the reward of a better job ... but salvation. If you love books, this book remains a great experience for you, and I advise you if you do not like it, please read it .. You will not lose a need:
There are a few wonderful articles that should be written in gold water and a lot of superficial articles .... The most important thing is Mustafa Mahmoud is the son of his time with his political, social and cultural content and a lot of his political opinions that he will certainly change because of the change of time and reality ..... In short the book did not I like it .... I don&#39;t recommend it ....
disappointing. . The lack of parking spaces as expected and the lack of credibility of the staff to hide the availability of parking. The room is for people with special needs and substandard hygiene. An irritating smell is caused in the hallways
A light novel, which attracted me and concluded it an hour, but the idea is old and traditional events expected
I will not repeat the experience and live again. The rooms are poor and not worthy of five-star rooms, and to all these rooms are very narrow. The room was narrow and the TV at the bathroom and the bathroom shower plunged the world and narrowed I booked through the site I was given a room with a side view of the campus and when my sister booked through the hotel I got a room with a view of the campus at the same price and when I contacted the site they did not answer me
The most novel that provoked and complemented me .. A beautiful, interesting style, but the story itself is not amazed .. Because I don&#39;t like to see one who is weak in this way and thinks about her mind and lived with one who is malformed
Mahbash Naguib Mahfouz: / After I read Mansi Qandil, the topic became completely different
I apologize for the bad evaluation, but really this fact came disappointing ... maybe that is due to the hustle and bust. Thank you ... . Frankly, it was disappointing in terms of executing the requests. Not answering the call from the room ext by the central. Failure to provide the bathroom tools sufficiently ....
The only novel about Maghout is dominated by the language of the play .. I think it is very close to his autobiography and this is what gave her its importance.
Tired stay. Not tasty. The bed is uncomfortable, the floor in the rooms is dirty, the bathroom is not clean, very dirty and smells bad.
Zabaa Hotel. Its location only. The hotel has three nightclubs and unfortunately prostitution
Not suitable for families The hotel is very annoying The sound of songs arrives in the room There are insects in the room. nothing. The sound of music arrives in the room from nine o&#39;clock to three in the morning. You cannot sleep from disturbance. The room is not clean. There are insects.
I did not understand the significance of the novel, and I did not find it interesting because of the unclear events .. I did not like this story because of the large amount of fictional events between its lines.
The sauce and cheese are very bad, its dough is excellent, but it is poured with semolina, I mean, and nothing deserves. He told him ten years ago, it is second to none.
Abu Haya. . The apartment between them and the other apartment is a door behind the wardrobe and there is no soundproofing and they host singles next to families on the same floor and I chose the non-smoking section and surprises in the neighboring apartment where singles were smoking and my family was unable to relax because of the smell of smoke
Good not in his poems but in some of his homes. In his revolution and his sexual and emotional passion .. Quotes touched me a lot:. The sunset cries on my balcony. He cries .. to give him an appointment. is that you ? Sabahi Reda. Our ages before you did not write. I passed ... or did it go here? Were it not for you, the face of the earth would not be weeded. Noire = Dice. In my door he sees September crying. And above the windows of my windows, tears. My hands are in your arm. Where is lost? Fear him? We dedicate guidance
A book novel for poker. A novel that reached the short list. Mmm. To start with, the language will definitely attract you and be motivated to complete the novel, and you may wish between you and yourself to complete it in one or two sessions in order to read voraciously the rest of the list, and so you will have finished all the novels before the result is announced and you will have your own result, but this will never happen dear The reader, if you started the list with this novel, of course, the readers tastes, and I am here talking about those who share my reading taste What is important is the novel is just a love story between a Palestinian man and a Lebanese woman, that both of them have worn wars, especially sectarianism, and dialogue and dialogue and dialogue continue and sometimes the writer enters into secondary characters to bring us to dialogue and so on until I wished to throw myself from the floor and relax
From very superficial novels. No plot at all. The language is rather weak.
Zero. Unfortunately I did not like anything and regretted my reservation for this place. Unfortunately, there was no credibility and conformity to the reservation I found with the internet, and with what I saw, it was an ambush for me indeed. I booked from Riyadh and surprises without what was present the first time in my life. I see such rooms
I called my best friend at night at night, and I am with a voice who provokes the book. The novel frankly can easily live its events easily and move from a scene to the other was good and sensible that I was lost for example, the problem is that you are writing about an important idea and pull any limit on myself the first time I knew the idea I said this is definitely a book of a genius It is a case of hope in life, but unfortunately, Muhammad Sadiq dealt with the idea with utmost superficiality and absurdity, all he does in the novel is that workers repeat any words and salvation of any need that comes to mind, no matter how absurdity he writes with utmost disregard for the reader’s novel mentality is stacked with many words that are too hot or meaning meaningful in a provocative way on what a I think his goal was that he says that he shows a profound example and dazzles the naive, bovine teenagers who provoke you so hard that he dazzled them:
A novel that may have exhausted me because of its subject, which depicts a group of people and their belief in the place. A theme that many writers dealt with in various works, but the true hero of the novel remains the café, and I think that the author meant the country, so that the homeland will have done so much. Likewise the men of the revolution were unjust. Most of them were not looking for prostitutes for a sword that I did not like very much and sighed after the end of it.
Sorry for the prolongation. France: as if it were a state of zombies where everyone is the same, with a unified character and united in hatred of Islam and Muslims .. I have lived and coexisted in the countries of the West for nearly twenty years and I did not have this huge amount of alienation around me because of my Islam or rather my hijab, which I wore since I was in the first Ten years of age knowing that I lived in the period before and after events / abroad ... the characters look similar. In the reality in which we live, we may agree on several principles with many people, and we may claim that a large number of them are equal ... but reality and literature are two worlds in which we have to show a degree of differentiation, motivated by diversity. Yasmine, Haitham and Omar are very similar. Yes, they are Muslim and committed, but why do they speak the same tone and the same context? Raneem, Kamal and Walid, unlike the first, but the idea itself ... with simple touches, the writer could highlight each one separately in a way that distinguishes one from the other, for example: body language, syndrome, certain behaviors ... As for the French personalities, they fall into the category of conspiracy against Muslims in the story in a monotonous and noticeable manner .. Sometimes their phrases are more like cartoon films, as their vile laughs are almost heard at the end of their dialogues, in which they attack their enemies or their prey. And like their predecessors, the director of Raneem is the same president of Yasmine in their new workplace, with different names and tasks, both showing sympathy tainted by some mistrust from time to time in their dealings with them .. In the last quarter, I became aware of something that the rest of the story that had been lacking in him did not: the description of the place. Only in the end we have a semi-detailed description of Paris when it is winter ... What about describing the famous sights and attractions that Haitham Yasmine saw, and he only mentioned some scientific facts about her? In this part, the characters ’dialogue covered verbiage. It is a story. I want to draw the sermon through the reactions of the characters, not through the style of lectures and indoctrination, in addition to prolonging the presentation of what comes up in the minds of the characters. I found myself passing many paragraphs out of the motivation to proceed with the story .. Be Raneem is a lawyer, and I charged her with pleading for a suspect in a terrorism case that did not convince me of the following: Is this degree underestimating a case like this and given entirely to a female judge only because she showed enthusiasm? Is it professional and legal principles to list the details of cases affecting the security of the state with friends and strangers Jasmine ?? Is Raneem bad as a lawyer, to be convinced of Yasmine&#39;s opinions and solutions in the case and to work with her advice? Then, what happened to the testimony of Sami Claude who promised us that which and the testimony of Claudia would somehow change Omar&#39;s fate .. But the writer begged us with an ambiguity towards the end in which Raneem traveled, so Omar was forgotten as a main character .. It seemed clear that the writer wanted to finish the issue whose course of affairs was very superficial On the other hand, I was impressed with the plot in general, and it is he who has pleased me from the start despite the impurities. The writer did a great job in terms of moving from one to the other .. something that many people are not good at, and may completely turn away from it .. As a writer, it bothered me repetition in choosing phrases or returning information that was derived or even a specific word that passes in front of me a lot without finding an alternative .. For example, the exhale And I nodded the affirmative / negative sign .. I read the novel without my knowledge against the background of Dr. Khawla Hamdi in writing, but the points that I mentioned usually are made by beginners .... Nevertheless, in conclusion, I intend to read in my heart a female Hebrew .. Who knows, may I find a face to compare.
disappointing. I liked the proximity to Al Majaz Park and the presence of a private park for the hotel. The restaurant does not know their menu and the apartment is very narrow for the family that has children that do not suit them and out of the hotel they call you from the hour and text they want to work Jake Out and when making Jake Out they delay you
I cannot call what I have read a novel, its events hardly exceed the four. Thoughts are beautiful style and nothing more. I would love for a woman to revolt against her society&#39;s outdated customs, but I do not call disbelief and doubt about religions, especially culture, as it came from a Saudi girl. A final note is the presence of spelling errors. I think it is a shame to see in a novel such as saying what instead of not.
Expensive and playing reservations booked. . Everything is the worst treatment
. Although each story is different from the previous one, the writer succeeds in introducing you to the atmosphere of the story from the first line. I liked the writer&#39;s style very much, but I did not like his ideas. So much that I used to read sometimes just to grow my writing ability without any pleasure. The most beautiful story in Alta
disappointing. . First / The reception service was contacted to provide me. Special password. Wi-Fi .. asked me to wait and he will call back. To provide me with a password, unfortunately he did not contact me, and to provide me with a password. I did not call back. The network is very weak in the hotel Second / There is no pick up and delivery service III / My time to enter the room. There was an unpleasant smell, and room service was asked for perfumed furniture and mattresses
Bored of me, bored
Under the slogan of ridiculous bad boring ..
As usual Alaa Al-Aswany recounts facts from the life of the Egyptian citizen in a blunt, offensive manner that hates any Egyptian in Egypt and life in it
A single novel, and an orphan book that I read for Dr. Ayam High School. I will not read to him after
Cover ... Malush is related to events. Final:. The idea ... I deliberately disappointed the reader ... to the extent that it overturned the crime of ordinary killing, and there is a great deal that is not for a reason, hatred, disagreement, and so on. Salah and his grief over the death of her love was weak and what was not clear. There is no narration ... it is all dialogue, even a description of the way the characters don&#39;t speak. Water and coordination errors a lot, I don&#39;t know. I came back to the references. How:. Suddenly, from her refusal to work she worked without explaining her decision, the internal struggle and her thinking. Our weakest thing I have read:
The Achis Hotel Geet. Low price. Cleanliness and treatment of employees
I do not advise someone to love him. The worst book. Painful and ugly in the full sense of the word. And the repetition of events is never increased by beauty
Weak. . Reception staff treated in addition any poor services and standard of room cleaning
The quality defect of the hotel landed, as did the plane landing when descending Jain in Ramadan, two barriers with diameters and suhoor, and the hotel is too much until we left the restaurant to the intense pressure on it. And with that, there is no coffee in it, no omelette, nor the Shahi. Three-star level. There is no breakfast and no suhoor. Blemish on you, Shaza Hotel.
Weak. . There is no parking
The book is not what I expected it contains unacceptable words to me
Trip attending a party. Breakfast was very good. Cleanliness and room change request are not good
A waste of time .... may God forgive you, Atheer
A boring book in most of its chapters. Why do not you understand why we use gestures and phrases in several alternatives. The political projection was wonderful, but it did not get me out of boredom to my friend while I was reading the book
To read the dreams of Mostaghanemi&#39;s books, dive into her letters, words and terminology, memorize them by heart, then write them without sorting, with all their advantages and disadvantages, until I become a bad copy for them, this means that I am a writer in December, dreams come to an end. A novel replete with exclamation points and points, with its number of folly, I will not comment on the fact that the hero is weak, a cowardly gift, a cowardly new idea for a hero but, miss ... on stupidity that the writer considers a kind of intelligence .. I could not complete the reading at first, it is frankly and simply It is not worth the time spent on it, but after I fell on my head I ended it only to be fair before I had any opinion about it and thus I went out ... Take your thoughts copied in a blind line from dreams ideas, to the countries of exile that you flirt with, keep your strange prayers from our kiss, and make Beloved adores his sweetheart as he pleases, but out of reach of teenagers. The novel from its beginning to its end, from January to December, did not stop me except in the opinion of the author, that the homelands are the victims of humans, and humans carry more than they can tolerate. If you wow the end of the novel, thinking that the writer has made up for the triviality of the story with an unusual ending, I had hope that I would be startled or at least smile for a surprise on the page but I didn’t say anything but insults .. Abdullah was raised, I loved you too much, as is the title of the novel that It made me ask for more from you, and it seems I looked more Nbga, smashed into, this is what happens when you give up a person for his own style begins with blind imitation .. If God forbid you raised Abdullah, I Idt and this novel and rips all copies of the sentence that the narrator returned to our ears twice
The hotel does not fit its name. Location. They didn&#39;t provide me with the required room, the room smelled, the room&#39;s cigarettes were not clean, as the rest of the other visitors are in the room, they only change the sheets.
Al-Gosaibi is the giant of Arabic literature, and interviews and meetings are unable to unearth his ammunition, his knowledge, his experiences and his experiences as a writer, ambassador, minister and doctor at the university .. Al-Gosaibi told me the introduction to the book tells about his biography in a wonderful and brief way, while the second section did not go away from articles and press clippings and we say from people who knew his status and appreciated his status and read His writings and their ideas increased. As for the third section, it is a dump from an interview and dialogue with Al-Qossabi in one of the media programs, Turki Al-Dakhil. The writer did not come up with anything but his first section, so he deserved two stars.
. . The price is too exaggerated its right a lot
I do not recommend anyone who wants to stay in a place they are looking for. Its proximity to the Holy Prophet’s Mosque. The service is bad
In short, unhappy, unhappy, unhappy. You can return to the view if the taste of the bitter bitterness is left behind
Four stars, I only saw one of them. nothing. everything
Very regular grill, unsuccessful appetizers, and less than ordinary souma. My review is / only indicates personal opinion and taste.
Sorry and nous. Midway. Just before midnight. And coffee.
One of the worst things I have read .. lengthening, incoherent events and sickening sexual descriptions
A disappointing book. From the title of the book and the nationality of the Japanese writer, I thought that the book would talk about the differences between Arab societies and Japanese society, and the reasons for these differences and perhaps ways to mitigate them, but the book was a purely philosophical and literary book on the subject of sociology, which I hate very
The worst housing. The site is vital only. Poor cleanliness and the smell of indoor cooking are annoying to all residents
His style is very poor ... big is one&#39;s thoughts in front of a white and black film and a sense of the needs betrayed by the words that he expresses
I didn&#39;t understand anything, and once I finished it I couldn&#39;t get benefit from it. The problem is, I hate historical books
Cold and bad, our room was cold. It was built on the back side and had a high ceiling and heating was not enough. The shower was attached to the faucets and this made controlling the temperature difficult. Breakfast was minimal and had no options. The whole place was somewhat worn out. It can be very beautiful with rejuvenation. The park and car park were the best features.
Weak. Substandard cleanliness and bad services. There is no air conditioning in the external corridors
Wonderful and fun language, but events are slow
Astonished in the comments praising the novel .. I felt bored from the first two pages of many and repeat the description, and finally all heroes were wiped out ..
There is a great connection between the poetic character and other literary formations. Ghazi Algosaibi Jameel in a short story between history, mistakes and treatments
Weak. Reception and location. A barrier for two children, and there are only two beds in the room. The sound of the music was disturbing because of the artistic evening, the bathroom did not have a tube near the toilet.
The Dragon perished
disappointing. . The bed is bad and uncomfortable, the parking is very narrow, the parking is a car, what are the cars
Very weak. Disturbance in the rooms overlooking the mall.
Not a novel, but a story. It does not mean that you are talking sweet that you are doing a book. One of the first murder crimes, and I expected all the events to be like a movie that I watched a hundred times. A very weak novel, with no linguistics, no narrative narration, no strong literary pictures, and no frank need. A fairly sweet story, unfortunately, not more
Bad services. Reception staff only. The services are very bad in terms of cleaning and cleaning of the brushes, the rooms are very small, the price is overrated, breakfast three days the same breakfast beans and cheese eggs away from the campus a kilometer
so sad . nothing. Bed and bed smells wear place
The title is already striking. The texts are simple and plain language. I liked some lines. But not enough to impress me as much as rumored about him. There is nothing wrong
I live in an ordinary apartment better than it and save your money. Unfortunately, nothing I liked and I will not stay there again. / The reception staff and the baggage service / My reservation was a room overlooking the campus. I was surprised by the distant and side view, so I asked for a direct look. The amount and I have to wait for another customer to enter it with cash / room service is bad, what sets you up for an order until you tell him I have the value of the cash. His / her bathroom wore out one of the pads Yeh and the lack of attention to clean it well / paid and the net is not free / distance from campus
I did not like it at all ... it is not just what I laughed at, it provoked me ... a cover star and a star for the content of the book as a whole.
Acceptable . Reception is acceptable. Allocating two hours per day. Women in the pool. Adequate parking. The bedroom was annoyed by the cars, a pungent smell in the kitchen, from the wash basin, the large number of insects and cockroaches in the bathrooms. The price of wages is overpriced.
disappointing. . The size of the room is very small, the size of the balcony, and the inconvenience of workers calling the room a lot to take the dining table from the room.
Far away from rhetoric and language, and that Al-Manfalouti is a writer, whether we like it or not, and looking at the topics and ideas of the articles, I do not like it in the entire book except another or articles that are on the authority of Muhammad Abdo, the two martyrs, the Maari, the liver of the people, words about the bed of the night, and a night in acting
The road to Karachi: realistic events in a realistic style
Weak. . Not cleaning the room for five days, knowing that I informed the reception
I read it for four or four months, and until this moment I did not know what was unique about it:
Sinbad&#39;s nicest adventures. Sporadic adventures and tales without meaning, no plot, no interconnectedness, no depth in the characters, I did not find a single sentence that I like, so I quote it ... a disgusting portrayal of women .... sufficiency and I do not say a violin?
I would not recommend staying at this hotel. . The rooms are very narrow, the furniture is old, and the kitchen is downright furnished, so I would not recommend living in it for families
The book was very disappointing. I thought a set of short stories, some of which were incomprehensible, meaning for Leah, others were not with the usual quality of Omar Taher, nor the sweetness of his pen, I don’t know for sure that there was a time in reading it
The hotel needs attention regarding its location. I liked the location of the hotel, but its level does not rise to two stars, and had it not been for the hotel I needed to sleep, I did not live there. Lots of discos, flooring, colors are dark and the hotel is worn, the bathrooms are worn, there are hotel parking spaces.
Bad reverse images completely. . The pictures are deceiving. I booked a sea view with his balcony. They gave me window nets of buildings and surfaces. When I asked to see the sea view, it appeared that there were workers working and disturbing it was impossible to sleep in their presence.
A war that I will not repeat again. . Cleanliness is very bad ,,, the wing you booked smells bad and strong cigarettes. To change the wing, it took an argument and a struggle
Hotel without services. Location only. There is no net. Four squad beds in a room for two beds. Locked parking despite being in custody.
Experience will not be repeated. Just its proximity to the Corniche. Everything, especially a Sudanese receptionist who is interested in money, is the most comfortable customer
I like a quote: I don’t know when my steps in the old ladder stumbled and became so terrifyingly large ... All I know is that I grew up so much that my dreams weighed on me and fell from me.
The novel, in short, Klobetaph clink. Events are accelerating and can be completed with a single session. And the language is rather good. You read here the history of Sudan at some historical stage, and this is a good thing for those who do not know the history of Sudan during that period. But I did not like it. He talked about the Sufis who follow the Mahdi and who bless the saints, they did not differentiate from what the Egyptians did. Here, the living guardian places his hand in the pot, and it boils. The pot is enough for the people who came to bless the guardian and the owners of the house, O Glory be to God, and in Egypt they invite the graves of the guardians to respond to their prayers. I do not know how the writer was able to balance between mentioning the word of God in the novel and at the same time mentioning porn and obscene insults. I was not convinced of anything that came up with the novel, and I had to skip some pages and not read what was in it. The novel is a mixture of Sufis, Muslims and Christians. He quoted words from Ibn Arabi and the Bible ... etc. The slave trade is still prevalent in Sudan. And love in Sudan is blind
I didn&#39;t benefit from anything. I do not recommend it to anyone: /
A book full of life experiences is not arranged in its events moving from one topic to another completely different topic I see it beautiful and simple and its style reaches all tastes
Give those who deserve and those who do not deserve, God will give you what you deserve and what you do not deserve
Vargas&#39; style is smooth and enjoyable from the first moment. Of course, choosing your story like this means that you know what you are talking about and you cannot criticize it about its subject. The low evaluation does not eliminate the skill of the writer and translator alike ... The only thing is that I did not feel any benefit to remember from my readings, and I am not perfect, sometimes a lot of pleasure is enough, but I did not find even the pleasure or the desire to continue here. Perhaps the only thing that I discovered is that young children are not young and that the issue is very large and we have to know how to deal with them and from a very early age ..
I don’t know how to rate this book. Is it satirical articles? Or semi-pejorative articles? Or pungent short stories? In short, nothing is fine, and all the problems of the Arabs are attached to the peg of Israel and America .. I almost swear that some passages about the past Arab revolutions were written about the revolutions of today .. Maghout says: The world whitens revolutions ... I did not like the book, nor the style, nor the view Politics .. But for honesty, some lines made me smile.
Superficial novel and naive characters. It has a lot of linguistic muscle review and unjustified filling, especially the filling with political events that do not add to the novel. Hala is a humiliating, stupid figure, a shame for the women of the Arab world that gives up its principles and its credibility for the sake of an authoritarian and arrogant man who knows little about him until this little is enough to make her move away from him. The writer made immorality an ordinary thing, as making a man betray his wife as normal as long as he is the hero of the story. This is the first novel, I feel so relieved that I got rid of it
I think that the book does not deserve all this flattery first. All that the author did is information collected from the books and did not bother to contact the individuals of those teams and groups.
Weak. . There is no soundproofing
Disturbing night. Cleanliness and free parking. I will not repeat visiting this hotel .. I advise someone who wants to sleep quietly not to visit it, because it has lost the most important feature of the hotel, which is comfort and not disturbing, and strange that disturbing sounds from inside the hotel..any voice that comes around you is a joke that used to hear necks in your ear.
Disappointing and I will not repeat housing in it. Wi-Fi and parking only. Failure to adhere to the reservation of reservation. I booked a delayed embryo room for non-smokers. When attending the hotel, the official Youssef could not be unavailable. Unnatural least thing to sit an hour in the crowd
Would you like to tell me, what about you in the review of the book ??? I say God suffices and yes the agent. This is a narrative, the book Bisard Maafihush is not a thin line of literature. There is no god but God .......
The most important thing in this novel is that it confirmed to me that the poker prize is merely a mess of randomness. There is nothing wrong, nothing special. Language, plot, and style are all simple and pale.
A young couple. Screen of reception staff and quickly implement the required as a cleaning. The parking of the hotel only. On Friday night, I did not find a parking space for my car, and I had to rent a parking for a dirham. There are no room insulation and inconvenience in the adjacent rooms.
Yababa heap in the criticism of social phenomena, i.e. shedding light on the most important of them and trying to find some solutions by forbidding some actions that would weaken society. Books in a smooth language for boredom in which we can include it under the list of articles, not books. I advise him a lot. He discusses matters that we must discuss with ourselves or with others. It is a general description of the issues of Saudi society. We can benefit from it as an Arab community as well. Quotes. Do not be sad because you do not have shoes, but rather because you have socks. . French philosopher Auguste Conte says: In order to maintain happiness, you must share it with others. . Spreading frustration in our society because we gave up joy, we left ourselves from joy, and we forgot that small joys are fuel for big joys. And that the sea begins with a drop. And the trees rise from a seed. . Every day I write three messages for the one you love first, after breakfast, the second after lunch, and the third before you go to sleep, and you will gradually disappear from depression. . That old age is not in ages, but in minds. . The relaxation and lethargy in which we Arabs excel more than others. . When we free our souls from our negative habits, we may be able to return to youth. . The Philippines, which does not appear to be an influential country on the map, can cripple the entire global economy. . Qasim Amin says that happiness is a hatred that we kick with our feet when we approach it and run after it when it turns away from us? . . There is a special taste for things that come late
disappointing. Location only. Not clean and the staff is slow to respond
very bad . The hotel does not have a heated swimming pool as it claims, and it is not allowed to use the sauna except for a quarter of an hour only for every person and children are prohibited from everything, the facilities, the health club, the sauna, the jacuzzi, ... etc. As for the morals of the Moroccan barber .... happened and nothing wrong. The hotel does not have a heated swimming pool as it claims, and it is not allowed to use the sauna except for a quarter of an hour only for every person and children are prohibited from everything, the facilities, the health club, the sauna, the jacuzzi, etc.
Gibran messages to Mai Ziada. Anwar Al-Maadawi&#39;s letters to Fadwa Toukan. Ghassan Kanafani messages to Ghada Al-Samman. All correspondence did not know what the female answered. . It is strange that the people we love are the most beloved of us
disappointing. The location of the hotel. Loud noise and disturbance due to nightclubs and their incompatibility with the amount available
Very bad . Location only. I did not like anything, the furniture whacks, the bathroom is tired, the crew is unresponsive, the biggest hour is morning, the hotel repairs, and the walls are pierced like an earthquake, and they never sleep.
The book is relatively sweet ... an accurate description of Egypt ... the period of prostitution ... because every one praises our Lord that his family is affected by it
disappointing. . They are not cooperating ever
disappointing. . The lack of a style for employees, especially of Asian nationality, let me return, I want to see my wife&#39;s card
The boredom of the Sunnis, a poor and unattractive literary style, no misfortune, but a poorly executed story.
disappointing. Large dining hall. The staff is bad, the breakfast is not suitable for a star hotel, cleanliness is bad, and the brushes are old. The minibar was free of water, tea, coffee, and sugar. When I asked them, they brought me water for the end date after a day. Generally, I will never repeat my visit.
The novel is written with the correct style of Muhammad Sadiq in a noticeable development, but the content is a squirt that means, and it is an appropriate expression for the colloquial language in which the novel is written ... The end is an old Arabic movie, but there is no need other than a review of the main idea upon which the novel was built, and it is a bit of a syphilis.
It seems that many authors and writers when they begin to multiply from writing, publishing, and authorship, the quality of their writings is significantly affected, as the quantity trend overcomes quality and type .. Perhaps this book is a clear example of this, as the fairy novel as it seems to me is a novel written by Al-Qossabi at the moment he decided In which he talks about the jinn, and instead of speaking narratively about his opinion, he decided to present this in a narrative style in which he presented his opinions regarding the world of the jinn and the related stories, legends and myths, so he sat at his office and began writing to finish it in a short time and send it to the printing press. The novel is devoid of any plot, and there is nothing worthy of praise for, if it were not for my love My passion for what I gave her Qusaibi second star.
Very ordinary apartment. nothing. The reception is not good, the parking is not prepared, the inconvenience is close to the apartment, the bed is totally uncomfortable, and the cleanliness is mediocre
Expensive prices and without services. . No parking, bad service and old furniture
Unsatisfactory . The location of the hotel. Cleanness, service is poor and the price is overpriced at this modest level
The final opinion, after reading a good number of Haifa Al-Bitar, it is only a handful of infinite justifications for counting and counting for the prostitution, and the matter did not stop at this, but I can speculate that the new version of the writer will call for a legitimate right and will fight for it. Sunset and writing. Like his predecessors, it is very boring and resentful.
The book is stuffed with words in a very boring way, and there are no stances and memories in it except a small vow. Maybe my hands will not be longer anymore. A book on its facade is the name of Turki al-Dakhil.
A very bad hotel I stayed only one night and I was in the company of my family and we could not sleep due to the large number of insects and reptiles in the rooms and because of the unpleasant odors that emanate from the mattresses and pillows lamps in the rooms do not work as well as the doors on the balconies do not lock which makes the place insecure better than the view of the river
A naive plot written in the same McCarthy, mixture of poor Hollywood imagination and funny paranoia ... conspiratorial language is good, but it is not beyond that .. Let&#39;s say it is a bad joke that the world will overtake in a while.
Very weak. . Expensive price and clean service
One day I wished you would come in the winter ... sheltering you from the tremors of loneliness in the evening. Even for a single night, drink coffee with me, and sing for you in a fade. She asks me about my days without you, and gives my books, my music and my little interests honest. And you smile deeply at me .. but you are too late ..
This novel was a factor in the fuss of the book fair that was late for reprinting and because it is a genius novel, as I heard, I mean. And any commotion with any novel that allows me to postpone it until I decided to start it now. The idea of the novel itself is fascinating or genealogical. But the idea of symbolism that I don&#39;t like is final. How much misery is there, which is what makes it possible to convey it to me, simply not in need, that every little hero will be lost and fainted, and the heroes shout and slam. It&#39;s generally enjoyable and attracts one to quickly get rid of
If it weren&#39;t for her end, I wouldn&#39;t have performed two stars honestly:. I was very fanatic, either, but it happened in Jaber. But I am not convinced that it is a novel or literary work, I felt that it is like Ahmad Murad&#39;s novels .. The idea is not new, but it is sweet to me that it is realistic in terms of the difference between the rich and the poor and the science fiction that exists in every city:. The subject of the characters being the dialogue between them in classical and colloquial terms. I feel that the writer is not focused and he writes. What we have to do is try a second opportunity for the writer to love his thinking:
It would be the worst nightmare I stayed here with another girl and boys as a group traveling around Europe. We returned after staying in this hostel. Dirty, and very dangerous both for collectibles and for the self, unfriendly staff, wet rooms, unavailable breakfasts supposed to be included in the price and laundry services that made clothes dirty after washing. The main concern in this hostel especially for me and my girlfriend is safety. This inn is completely open to anyone in the public so that it can enter any room. Rooms cannot be locked with locks, and most lockers have already been broken into. During our one night stay, all of us worth more than £ 1 of worth of shoes, clothes, sunglasses and beauty equipment were stolen from all of us. It happened while we were sleeping and also while we were in the basement laundry room we were carrying the most valuable things with us at all times. Strangers could enter at any time and carry out theft. The rooms, toilets and shower facilities were all dirty and unbelievably maintained. There are stains on all bed linen, and shower sprayers are weaker than the tap. There is no place to keep clothes dry while bathing or to keep them from someone who thinks they are stealing them. Toilets were without covers, and most were without toilet paper. The staff was incredibly unfriendly, and he couldn&#39;t have been less caring for your stay with them if he tried to. Once they receive your money, the full refund will not be available under any circumstances. This hostel managed to alienate me from the wonderful city of Rome as I feel like I will never go there again.
Ahmed Murad from the book, who quickly ascended the missile in Egyptian literature and has more fans than the population of Qatar. Which of them, if he criticized Murat, as if he criticized the messenger, the question remains on the two? The fourth narration of Ahmed Murad, who is almost the worst. The novel returns with Beck until the death of Saad Zaghloul. History, in particular, I have a special taste that means any writer trying to write in it must convince me that it has already penetrated in time. This is not any words that mean that there must be a language of consistent dialogue. In time, the behavior of people is the same. If Jenna, we would still apply these words to the novel. First: The language of the public dialogue is very weak. Is this really their classy style of dialogue in this period? I don&#39;t think of the writings that I read before. Second: When he wrote about prostitution and prostitution with your consent there was no talk in line with time, for example, refer to the writings of Naguib Mahfouz and Muhammad Al-Mansi. He was really able to convince you that this is time in your hands, but Murad was focused on saying just that. Third: After the literary literary sentences in popular speech. Yama, the girls see you overcame a man in Shanbat. And my mother&#39;s mercy is for her dead daughter, Michine the dog. Burke grabbed a chicken, broke it, then handed it over, and then took out her hand. A serrated blade. If the whores repented, I went to the streets. ,. Your mother and your father. The verbal modification of the word Dean de, I think, is a word developed from a relative of one year, for example, which does not seem to exist in the era in which the novel is based. Fourthly, in the mistakes of the novel, the misfortune of a colleague of Ahmid Kira. It is assumed that it is in the context of the novel that he was a colleague in the medical school. How did he get out of prison and sell him, saying that his testimony is weak and must be questioned. Fifthly: It is possible for the positive thing in the narration to talk about Ahwani about the gains of the supposed revolution, which is to be realized, and who confers the revolution and the oppression of young leaders. And his suffering is descending. And the cover was sweet. The overall summary of the novel is that it is boring by a weak narration, at the end of Ahmed Kira and a very vulgar country, a slang slang language that is not in line with the time of the novel. A star and a final evaluation text. We say two stars and salvation
Weak . Close. The value has disappeared when booking online
disappointing. . Location, clean rooms
I tried it before and after the renewal but unfortunately it is bad and I would never recommend it
To smile and slap the pain with the words of the poem.
I expected more from Dr. Mustafa Mahmoud. The journey from doubt to faith is not as simple as that depicted by Dr. Mustafa. Such a profound intellectual journey that could upset a person’s life cannot be summed up by such a simple and simple book. Eman Mustafa Mahmoud Iman Fateri Emoti. The important questions did not answer a logical scientific answer, but rather sided with the heart and passion more .. Yes, I liked the simplicity of the method, but not with such topics .. This controversial topic needs more than my journey from suspicion to faith much.
The value does not deserve value. Respected Saudi youth. Its location is poor eating
... He obtained much more than his size and did not exit from it except with three partialities, to some extent
without an address . Location. The parking hygiene is very bad
A very popular cartoon movie, press news about the filming of a new part of the series, an uncompromising media hype, penetration into his personal life, following up on everything he writes or publishing about the film; elements and emotions that lurk in the audience waiting for the film to be shown; finally nothing. ... Since the first shots of the movie, you find nothing different from the previous parts. The same tales that started in the year, Edward and his love for Bella and Jack, who loves her and the development of events, with the transformation of Bella into a vampire and clashes between the Colin and Valturi family, the film did not offer anything new, but most of the scenes Reproduction of previous parts missed a lot of heat and brightness Z, and there was no sign or indication is calculated end, a scene that did not exceed more than ten minutes was a relief that came after the birth of stuttering. And if we talked about the visual side of the film, we find many exaggerated and irrational placements that appeared clearly in the scenes of the baby girl Rinsme, where she started as a cartoon character, as well as scenes of the family killing of the Valtory who managed the montage to hide the abnormal movements, and the directive method did not move far from the traditional construction For the previous parts that I thought were a lot better on this part, as well as sagging rhythm amid unnecessary events that could be canceled. The soundtrack was the only thing of a distinctive and different nature, as well as the opening of the film was different and special, mixing everything with red color, and in the end a reasonable and acceptable movie that suggests depicting a third part of the series to complete the state of boredom and toxicity that was clear.
A low standard hotel. It is useful for Gulf people and families in particular. Hotel crowded with tourists and constant inconvenience due to poor insulation between rooms
I finished the book in two days..More What distinguishes the book is the ease of reading it..The book is good, but it would have been very beautiful if it was the way the novel was written by the character and not by the writer. Events and dialogue are somewhat weak..and there are not many details during the dialogue..but not very bad, it is good ... As for the characters did not take their right to this novel..In the end the book is OK
Having a pen does not mean that you can write. A need for no need .....
Weak. . Services, especially the Internet
If I could put zero stars for this book, I would have given it ... This type of Arabic book is what repels Arabs from reading. There is no story in the topic alone, she has vitiligo sadness and a drama is settled and then she found that optimism is what makes her recover quickly
Finally, the novel concluded that it bore me a little in the first, but after that I felt that I was a cow from the fountains of a time when I made me love Andalusia more than I loved it and I want to know more about it and myself come back to time and live in it but it is not the timing of the novel but the time of its prosperity
A slight need that separates it, even though I am not at all terrified of horror, even if mixed with a vagina. Star of style. And a star of ideas
Loss of money. nothing. The new Egyptian staple
The title of the book attracted me, and I expected that I would read a book with many details about this beautiful region, and perhaps more details about the lives of teenage girls and secret girls, but I was surprised by a shallow narration that speaks in generalities known to everyone who lives in the Gulf region, without any events, artistic plot or knot. Dramatic. Some racism was brought to my attention by the author against one of the nationalities in the Palestinian state, although she did not explicitly mention them, but she clearly presented them, and accused them all of being swindlers and not trustworthy, ensuring the good of the country:
I think deserves stars. The apartment is large and the pool is great. Wi-Fi is very bad, room cleaning is not good, dishes and cups are not delayed
Weak. Location only. The staff’s treatment is very poor, the cleanliness is bad, and it does not deserve the value shown at night. I booked through the reservation room.
To be honest, the service does not fit the price, I give it a lot. Quiet only. The Wi-Fi is very bad between you and the room next to you. The door from the inside. The sound of the room next to you is in the room.
Simple style, deep idea .. It does not seem to him that he is concerned with what he is making with him .. The view of the camera did not stimulate his survey or his interest as the mirror did. The woman makes him know himself by himself .. which is all that he seeks, and it is the purpose of philosophers in every time and place .. As for the camera, it is the image that people take about it ... and what matters to the right philosopher to know the opinion of people
disappointing. Quiet .. not good reception service .. hotel not to book early because it reduces the price two days before booking
A book is all articles of love and love, what is noticed is that the writer is very exaggerated in much of what he wrote
Not at the level of four stars. Its location is at the end of the northern central region. There is no room cleanliness as is known for 4-star hotels. The smell of the pillows and the bedspreads disturbing and unpleasant. The reception is not answered when called.
There is nothing wrong with it .. I only liked the first chapter of it..but the rest is just repeated and well-known ideas.
As just a short story I could have performed a higher evaluation ... but if we linked it to a lack of ignorance or a return to the homeland ... I like it frankly ... it is very ordinary ... nothing new ... I don&#39;t think the story is pure
Weak. Its proximity to the sanctuary. Located behind the Meridian landfill, the smell of the entrance, the garbage truck, the Meridian at the entrance, downloading goods. There is no Wi-Fi on the first day, they say two holidays, and the second day, there is no Wi-Fi. The air conditioning is poor. Request a laundry service. I never believe, I never recommend it
Weak. The beach is very clean and clear, no inconvenience for the guests, the place is quite quiet. There are no tools in the kitchen, the refrigerator does not work, and the phone does not work. The internet is very weak. The carpet was dusty and the sofa was dirty and old.
Very bad experience. Not diverse and very cool. Delayed entry, waiting hours. Reception staff and cleaning workers recklessly. The tools are not fully available in the room and are not well coordinated. There are problems in the bathrooms. God bless you. The internet is very weak.
Filthy place that receives fancy girls, and some of its employees offer you conditionalities. . Services are late for some employees, they offer daughters for adultery, and unfortunately, with all success, they call the room at the time of your sleep and your comfort, and because you are Saudi, as it turns out, and offers you when you also ensure that we pay the value of an open wine bottle only, and we did not touch the refrigerator permanently
disappointing. Cleanliness and good reception. The services are very poor, very late in meeting customer needs, the TV is not clear, the internet always separates, there is a bed for children
Nice light story nice
My heart is sad. My heart is very sorry. Roita in years. Suddenly, Leqta picked up. The money of the moon is wounded. Sahran sweetness of spirit. With a carefree star shawl. Why, Leila, I forgot. It is scrubbed roses. Is the blood color radios?
I see it as very traditional, its events are normal, the language is normal, and all its details are normal.
very bad . Internet service. The impact is very bad, the response to the guests is very slow by the hotel staff. The welcome to the guests is bad. The parking service is bad. It only works for an hour.
Alzheimer&#39;s On the one hand I have not read before, the reading of the mother&#39;s delirium and the son&#39;s panic was a drain on my energy, how sad, deep and frightening this forgetfulness is. As if the person who had the disease was imprisoned in an ancient time or an endless isthmus that drowned the mother in the absences of the past and sang it in him, made me wonder whether I would find something to be proud of repeating if he wrote to me in the absence of dementia? . One of the beautiful things about the novel is the writer&#39;s way of presenting the history and customs of his country, Morocco, by recounting his mother&#39;s memories. The novel defects its length and the large number of details that are repeated from one page to another.
Weak. . Delay in the entry process, the room was delivered, and the cleanliness was not complete, despite the random delays and lack of knowledge of what the customer required.
An interesting novel about its events ... but Abraham Issa is Ibrahim Issa ... a terrible repetition of synonyms for a single word. He also practiced the practice of obtaining and mixing interpretations and religious texts in order to serve his idea and attack any counterpoint.
What I advise you. . A very bad hotel, a small family, an untidy room, a small bathroom, a fridge, and a mess. However, my first day of the hour and a half, dawn to the hour, and a text and a fire alarm bothered us.
disappointing. . Parking
disappointing. . Very bad street sounds in your ear
The book is considered as a guide and the beginning of a path for anyone who wants to read about the caliphate. Where the author simply presents. The intentions of the caliphate ... and how it ended ... and attempts to revive it in a very brief way. He did not give any details about. Attempts to revive the caliphate ..
disappointing. . The decor, furniture and floors were broken and outdated
I don’t know what to say… I didn’t feel the depth everyone is talking to and I found it off-putting with a high imagination. I didn&#39;t mix with that much
disappointing. . Reception was very poor
The plot of the story..very bad. He talks about love as the heroes of the sixties and the mentality of teenagers to create a novel. I just made it to the end
Frankly, I expected a second need, pure of the name and cover. It is a slight need. This is the sweetest one. I wanted myself. I see the same number of people with the same suffering. The writer is a year, but good luck:
Whoever reads the city of the dead, the text of the dead, and the rest of the soldier’s actions, do not believe that this is his account.
The first reading experience with the writer .. And I was very excited to read to him from the many pieces of what I heard about him .. But the novel came as a movie from Khaled Youssef films that tells about a certain class of people, the class of people who are open or crushed ..... After I finished reading it I felt If I do not understand, and I entered, I read the criticism of people. It is possible that I did not understand it, but I preferred, as I am .... More than one hero to the novel, and every hero uh more than a character. Suddenly the revolution comes from where you do not know that it is involved in events ....
Weak. . There is an isolation between rooms. Breakfast is good water
The poems of Imad Abu Saleh read more than once and you can often come up with a new understanding according to your mood. That is why I am confused about this. Is this Diwan weaker compared to other works I love for it, such as a disbeliever beauty or a dog that barks to kill time, or has my mood not interacted with work? The last poem of a melodrama is naive. I don’t know if the body of the poem was naive or if it was organized by the naive. The best of them, they will cut it with a saw to plant a lighting pole .. And Abu Saleh, the master of surprises, remains the last part in the poem that takes you back to the beginning to accommodate the paradox. on my way. I tried. Shed a single tear. but she. You can no longer cry. Without glycerin
The hallways are muffled with no ventilation. The breakfast is good and varied and the staff are very kind. Unfortunately, the hotel lacks cleanliness, and the aroma of cooking and garlic springs from the air-conditioning vents and toilets.
Close but. Close to the campus, but the cleanliness is not. The cleanliness of the entrance to the car park is very narrow
Cleanliness first. Calm and comfortable. Poor cleanliness, expensive price, poor service
In general, I am of a very bad nature, because I don&#39;t like the novels, or the ones that have a lot of interest .. often it is considered a fudge for this ... the novel is sweet in that it is small and interesting to some extent and it talks about a topic that I have been thinking about for a long time and almost too many people ..But I have found in depth and hidden meanings and vague words to the point that he really did not understand the writer, I want you. What about the end was I want to leave it open, but I almost died from him with his consent, and I don&#39;t know it almost ends .. I have no personality that attracted me and admired me to the point that I live with it .. You don&#39;t deserve more than two stars in my opinion, and you don&#39;t get surprised how much interest people make of it:
I have never been able to complete it, its language is very difficult, it is possible that I have reached a stage that I read books of this type, or I could not read it in this period, I will read the book this time.
The Masonic conspiracy of the wicked Jews, the enemies of the nation, a pyramid mediated by the eye, hidden doors in the walls of all these features, which have become very consumed. Ideal personalities come solutions in a naive childish way through a dream, and it is the easiest way to decipher the complexity of events and discover solutions or control bad people in a dark room as they enter the walls ... two stars because it is the first attempt of the writer and known historical information
Her village immediately after she concluded love in the time of cholera. It is possible to see this as normal and expected. In addition to the similarity between the hero here and the hero of love in the time of cholera
It was not what I expected in terms of luxury and name. The furniture is old and the electrical appliances are not working well.
Very weak. The room has a bad smell. After leaving while I was heading to the airport, the receptionist called me and claimed that I had taken a scale from the room that had no scale?
Frankly, I stayed while reading the book. I felt that I was reading the Topicat from the Topicat Fatakat Forum or any other forum on the Internet, unlike the comminities under the book. Makhlanish felt optimistic about the opposite, so I felt that what had happened before the permissible de complicated complications and depression. In need of no understanding, how can he have one year of age, and it is assumed that he is older than her by two years, that is, she has a year of men who has left to work and her family will take half of her salary first month We do not have high returns. Sarah is a fortunate girl who graduated and worked along and it is clear that her salary is sweet, and a groom walked her along and the first groom liked him and liked her the first time and loved some things. By God, let me think of myself and do what if I love one at the same age as I am saved at the gates of twenty. Ali, you touched me a year. The funny thing is that after I read the book, I watched a two-girl movie from Egypt .. As for a true pessimistic movie, but it is very beautiful, sophisticated, and talks about real problems, the most important of which is spinsterhood. By God, it became difficult for the female protagonists and the million-girl spinster in Egypt. I got out of the book and the movie with a little cloud, but praise be to God, I saw them after the revolution, so I still have hope in a ball .. On the whole the book is sweet for one originally engaged or for one married and thinking about the days of engagement or a very romantic girl .. I came out of this book with two things, first: I seek more that I am satisfied with our Lord and claim a lot that our Lord rejoices me and, God willing, our Lord will be at my best hope in Him. Second: I try to be different on the day I have my share, or if I like one of his possibilities. It does not mean that my family does not exceed his energy. I compensate myself and patience with my thinking that we both went to our home together, and that the most important thing is that we will be together, side by side, and some back. Seriously after the book, I was invited to all who dressed like Sarah and Omar, they live in plants and plants, and they leave boys and girls. And may God guide all daughters and young men to a good husband and wife. Say Amen
Good no more. Some stories were not sufficiently understood and needed some clarification. The two stars for the most stories I liked. Criminal emptiness tragedy tragedy
Garbage brushes. Palm. There is an unpleasant smell in the rooms, hallways and brushes that needs to be renewed
Generally good but the hotel does not rise to the stars. Bed comfort and excellent breakfast and quick lifts near campus. He does not have enough parking spaces, the furniture is old, the room services are not maintained, and the bathrooms are not good.
Salwa Al-Nuaimi: When a person turns a piece of meat. Day after day, I check how dangerous the cultural claimant and the half-educated are to the average recipient or not interested. The ignorant, as is his habit, comes to equate the creations of the cultural movement in society with some clerical delirium, which everyone has insisted on making us aware of it, no matter how ridiculous it is. Consequently, many illusions have spread among us, which reveal the extent of the owner’s thought and the calamity that he thinks about himself sufficient culture and science and rises with the information he possesses with crudeness. And that in its entirety has entered the door of difference and exciting strangeness. And then he boldly extends to someone who respects the recipient’s mind throughout his life, believing that, by his length, he has proven his presence. What makes me bitter is the cheer accompanying the educated and less talented, as if by his boldness alone he made marvels or in his different sentence structure that proved his exceptional talent. No one cares about the content anymore. These models have proliferated in the world to an unbearable degree. You rarely find anything real in it. Salwa Al-Nuaimi Modest Talent :. She came to her book thinking that I would find a bold and valuable work. I was surprised by the extent of the intellectual vulgarity associated with its lines. I have no problem with erotic. I enjoyed books based on them, for example, by Henry Miller. I have no problem with bold words. But,,,. The problem of Salwa Al-Nuaimi, who may really only have her body, she said, that writing based on body culture requires a mind, for a soul, even if it is demonic. It remains a soul that sings something ... hatred ... contempt ... indifference. As for you not to have a soul and your mind is in this shallow way, what is the reason for writing? You could have written a single article calling for liberation as you want referring to all the books you love and see as an unparalleled source of sexual culture. Which you think someone else has heard of it before now. Then, you are forbidden from the flow of intellectual nonsense forever. The heavy disappointment in this book is the nature of Salwa herself which she tries to impose on all his pages. In addition to its strange arrogance that stems from nothing, it looks like the doll is cold, boiling only its rut .. it is not affected and does not affect .. No memory remained in its empty depths other than trivial tales tired of sexual depression that may amount to the disease. She only spoke about pleasure, and in her conversation she did not feel any emotions, even her daughter, with her life. Just press the rut button and you will see the machine begin to move, frenzy and contempt for the whole society. And you will see deceitful illusion covered by the extent of its culture. There is nothing known, except for the misfortune, which I proudly skipped, because it broke all borders. The venerated writer considers that there is a clear disconnect between taking and expressing the verb. Therefore, you see the Arab expressions orally about sex is not explicit enough. Why, when a girl chats with her friend, she is not able to speak freely and she tells her, for example, that she had intercourse with my husband yesterday, and we did such and such. Why should her freedom be suppressed, and by hinting, or not speaking at all at all? ?. Your mother is a little girl. :. The angelic writer&#39;s grief is embodied in a subtle tenderness, and she bemoanes the Arab character, who is not obscene enough to practice and talk. At the same time. Forgetting that something is innate called. Modesty. And that there are people who possess it, praise be to God. And that this attribute that makes them shy away from going into such hadiths does not detract from their value and do not diminish their rosiness or. . Or make them schizophrenic beings. Modesty and shame are human qualities that are not made by religion or morals. Rather, it is a human nature that does not fault its owner. . Then the genius writer talks about the science of linguistics, where her body has guided her confusion to new vocabulary and expressive language derivations in which her manifestations of frenzy seem like the inspiration that really melts from his sublimity. :. It is truly sad that the writer has her only passion for sex, and yet she could not write a book that exudes any emotion about him. What evidence is there yet of poor talent? Who dies laughing or crying according to your psychological state. The most important one of her lovers, whom the thinker calls, is that Shallah disappointed him with my deportation. He told her once that he was one of the things he liked the most. Her Arabism. :. Oh my lost my passage. Arabism has become summed up in the enjoyment of tales of sex and the sessions of ignorant women who do not occupy the mind except those who got married, who betrayed and who escaped with her lover. Arabism has become related to the extent of human love to hear sex scandalous words in Arabic, as no other language excites them. Arabism has become some erotic books and ancient hadiths. Arabism has become a gender. Why are you not married to me? Zgarti p Arabism, young lady. Hallelujah. :
As an introduction to Marx, his thought is good
The book at the beginning is wonderful with the pleasure of sarcastic speech .. Then the sarcastic sentence begins to repeat throughout the book until boredom
A very strange restaurant, it eats you, as available, the first time you went to try the cable. He told me in my cable rice but the meat is buried. The rice was very bad, salty, and the whole flesh of bone the second time I bowed to it at the time of suhoor because there was nothing else and asked for a request, and he said: There is nothing but Hijazi rice and chicken is a grill .. My father knows what is the restaurant that eats you like that. The butter is not allowed to enter again at all
Very weak. . The furniture is very old, worn out, the covers and carpets are spotted, and they smell so consumed that you dislike sitting on it, and there are not enough workers even if you have a question that no one gets.
An international novel was a serial novel in the newspapers ... I do not know what the uproar made at the time, but I do not know why the novel did not provoke me ... even though it talks about injustice, power and money? . It was about a widow with two children, who were charged with imprisonment and imprisoned, and, and. Bla bla bla. As if it is a Gulf series, starring Hoda Hussein. Secondly, the topic of providing Rehab Akkawi, which I did not notice until after the disaster. After I read it and finished very wrong, the novel&#39;s events are explained in this way. It really burned Ali as a novel reader .. All the events I became aware of from the first two pages of the novel. Umm .. Like this, a question that did not appeal to me was repeated. The novel is that the French authorities do not know if this system is still valid until these days or not, but it is a very stupid system which is that. The trial of any perpetrator in a case is not permissible when the time has passed, I do not know. What is the duration, but the fall of a crime from a criminal, even with the end of the entire age, is injustice and oppression. Generally, whoever wants to read it, let him read it .. But I do not recommend it
The introduction is a real shocking genius .. I adore Nizar&#39;s poetic language in prose .. the first part is entitled Children of the Stone and the second part is angry:. The same ideas and direct report speech directed at children of stones by persistence, perseverance, revolution on everything and revolution on Arabs and parents and poetry .... Was weak in the words superficial some thing in the structures. The third part: Doctorate honor in stone chemistry: a depiction of the movement of children, their war, their resistance, and the drama of how the country is born in the eyes .. And questions, in the words of newspapers, storytellers, and the whole world about the nature of these children ... So it was the mean words and meanings .. I elaborate in it the limit of boredom, especially the section on questions. Two meetings ... one for the introduction and one for the bureau.
I expected it to be better than this
very bad . I did not like anything. Old hotel full of cockroaches
After the fifth or sixth booklet reading the series without arrangement. I classified it into several sections:. Wrecker of legends. Separate stories The author has not found another series like Cocktail. Horror and only horror. The famous horror themes are Dracula, ghosts and tombs. Stories that do not deserve to be classified under metaphysics. The booklet belongs to the third category. It is very disgusting and exaggerated. And to a degree, Ahmed Allah Ali made me not to take an interest in the series until after many concepts changed, based on age and experience, no more. It is under my heading:. It is not recommended to return to the brochure in the future under any of the circumstances
I love novels that allow me to read all the opinions and opinions of personalities on an issue, but, I did not know exactly what issue or the reach of this novel, just a narration, it was interesting at the beginning as he talked about corruption, society, the individual. But he quickly took another turn and became unbearably boring .. If corruption is the issue, I will send it more, but he went into other details, sometimes I felt that it was just the completion of pages and paper filling no less or more ... I did not see Ibrahim between the pages of the book and did not read it between the lines I feel like I have read another author: less conservative and more aggressive, without need or reason.
. The story of a fond and miserable person who searches for a girl who once saw her in a wedding and fell in love with her. The story about his adventures in the search for it and all the people he encountered during his research and the different characters in Hilla .. this type of love is harmful and what is healthy and it ends up morally first two dimensions..the main character his personality is weak and easily docile, and most important of this is dramatic .. the crime story was more Something interesting in the story, and for some reason the story is by sticking to something that leaves you alone until it is all saved. A desperate end for a miserable person ... I liked the style of the writer. And I was reading this novel because I felt that what is the basis for reading the literature of many Sudanese writers, I mean, other than the good, who is good again? So I worked on correcting this thing by reading the novel de first and I bought second books from the Sharjah International Book Fair and I love to remember that the Prince of the Crown of Secret was present at the book fair yesterday when I walked
Painful how friends differentiate life to throw each of them in their own labyrinth to the extent that makes their meeting a dilemma that requires a lot of time and advance coordination. It was less beautiful than she expected, where a cloud of solace overtook the atmosphere of the novel, so she wore a mourning garment, but the hat was raised to each of the thought that permeated this novel, even if it was shy thought, and I wish if Maalouf had given him a greater scope, and I strongly agree with him that each era has a golden calf that worships him as he The idol of communism was equality and the idol of th Capitalism of economic freedom, as I drew my attention to the unique idea that Adam reached after he fought in the field of history and concluded that there is no completely pure just cause for which man lives and accepts its excesses, and that our readings of issues, especially issues of wars like the Spanish War, were not a realistic reading but rather Closer to the theory, when we coexist in its atmosphere, our evaluation of it and the way we deal with it will be different, as I liked its description of the future as the future of extremism as a natural result of the Arab present, as well as raising the hat to the realism that made the narration not boring, as different friends&#39; opinions on the issue of war and their different orientations spread our wound urgently. As usual Maalouf played a chord with Lebanese melting where religions in the crucible of friends .. one star thought that his novel and star realism and a tribute to the writer.
I am not sure whether Ghassan Kanafani was in a relationship with Ghada Al-Samman. The content of the messages is inconsistent with the effects of Ghassan Kanafani, who portrayed him as the revolutionary and unbeatable real man despite all his pain, while the messages came to depict Ghassan the vanquished ready to kneel in front of the love of a woman who appears to be from The content of some messages did not have the power of feelings of love. Ghada&#39;s claim that she wanted to preserve the Al-Kanafani family contradicts her posting of messages and her arguments that she does not have drafts of her letters did not appeal to me. I found that Ghada insulted Al-Kanafani, a struggler, returning to Haifa, from men, guns, the door, and many, many more. Ghassan will remain as the revolutionary pen assassinated by the occupation to silence his pen
My family and I came to have an early dinner as usual to have excellent service before rush time, so he was surprised by the palsies receiving me with a yellow smile, saying: In custody? I understand his question very well ... after taking and answering with him, he makes us uncomfortable, as if calling in secret that we go out, we went up on the second floor, the family section, and if the other two pods wash us in the waiting sofa ... Why? The place was not only empty, but almost empty. I did not find a table, despite the abundance of places, touching my desire in terms of privacy and comfort. Yes, we often in Riyadh sanctify the privacy of the place. I found a lot of dining tables that are only short coffee tables, and not even comfortable for a light lunch or dinner. It seems to be a color more than a restaurant. Well, after discovering bad table organizers and getting a terrible reception for a restaurant that counts as a high-end restaurant, I decided to leave unfortunately and have no intention of giving him another chance. Friday&#39;s is not a great restaurant, but I preferred it to Squizzito that night. Even the so-called automatic service was not ready, and I only had their attention after waiting two minutes using the car horn.
What is the difference between a popular novel and an integrated literary novel? The difference is exactly what made this novel so far printed. The difference is you ... the reader. What are you looking for in a novel? To provoke your senses? Sings your abilities? Fluctuating your postulate? Or just an easy novel full of teenage dreams. Similar to canned meals?
A very short novel .. It revolves around a young man who works to translate an old woman’s husband’s memoirs, and he lives in her house with her beautiful niece ... The translation is very excellent.
A novel whose idea is strange, its events are also strange and not logical, and in general its goal is not clear, I did not find a new need from it: compared to the story of Al-Musas was beautiful:
It is not reasonable .. After all the depression that I lived with and I read it .. After all my suffering with the language of the novel .. After I pressed myself a lot and I try to save it .. In the end the end brings you a clot: I will end up trying to forget that this writer is the same that I wrote a novel you My wonderful::
It is permissible, but it is necessary to consider the book from the origins of axioms as logical to the content, but I personally consider it an organization of ideas not only, so start talking about the seduction of each age and its concept from the first Socrates and how he hated everything that supplies life and then moved to the church view and its way to curb freaks by castrating them Of the meanings of life through time, which means the Church, of course, all religions, the political equation, as it is not possible to understand the validity of his vision of realizing the ugliness of an ideal life completely away from the ideal life imposed by the Church except with the presence of the Church itself until it proves its failure, speaking of anti-living morals It is all that is indoctrinated and religion works to cultivate it without understanding its purpose, the rampage of causal instinct when feeling fear and that ethics and ideal life depicted before are what causes reassurance and thus each person becomes dependent on a catalog according to specific steps that should not be abandoned, and that causes dependency to theologians gradually until Their life becomes complete and no one has the freedom to choose. He went on to talk about the existence of a free word in religions, even though it blocks all choices and molds the entire human being. Before another N, my vision of the importance of the existence of religions, similar to Ray Nietzsche, but because of the mesh equilibrium caused by life, but because they are unable to think of religion, I think that it was straying if the crisis of the real need Mafeesh embraces Alagbea the same formula Nietzsche crude.
It is a very bad stopover and an experience that I hope will not be repeated. . Very bad reception, cards or cards to open the doors do not work, you must inform the reception upon exit and entry again to the room in order to accompany you and open the door with a special card to open all doors .. very bad and the price is very exaggerated compared to all services, whether basic or secondary
Not worth five stars for the hotel. . Limited parking spaces, even though I am a pre-requisite in booking, as well as carrying bags for entry or exit, I was assisted in that, either point is the most important price, there was cheaper than the site
Very weak. Junk hotel. everything
I do not recommend this hotel. Everything is substandard. Not up to the standard of a hotel
If two stars means OK, then this novel was given an evaluation of OK. A great difficulty in reading faced me and the protagonist, Thaer Kufr, with all the revolutions and their results until the liberation revolutions failed to secure a decent life for the revolutionaries or even for their children, and this is not evidenced by the Algerian revolution. He is not satisfied with that, but he holds responsibility for God, and here he exaggerates the transgressions that have been provoked by many objections from Muslims, which led to the spread of the novel.
Faith and love failed in front of Alzheimer&#39;s, Ghazi:. She is not well knitted. These stories seem to have missed some papers from Dr. James
On the level of rhetoric, he used exquisite refinements such as hajj and anagrams to the point of costliness .. On the level of literary content, he repeated himself a lot in the absence of a clear message and real content .. At the level of directing, frustrating decorative breaks that do not fit the writer&#39;s name at all .. I expected Bacon&#39;s book The modern day pigeon collar, but disappointed me, we are still waiting for the best from Dr. Zidan.
disappointing. Suitable for those who come to Abu Dhabi by road because the hotel is in the beginning of Abu Dhabi for coming from Saudi Arabia. There is a mall below the hotel, very modest. There are some restaurants like Applebee&#39;s, Mac, Indian Restaurant, and Carrefour. It is very far from the Abu Dhabi center and the amount for the service is very high and I was supposed to book a day for rest only.
The novel is divided into three three, the first third deals with a life of Mari before she gets married and travels, and the second part talks about her journey from Egypt to the land of the Nabateans and from here the context of the novel is completely reversed. Imagine that you are reading a novel with a context of relatively slow events to turn in the third third into a fast context with many events And the events so the writer talks about her life in the context of the Nabataeans and her problems with her husband and the one-party relationship with his brother and her friendship with her sister-in-law then transformed the events of the Arabian Peninsula and her love for her husband’s mother and her place of sleep every day, whether it was with her husband’s presence or not and her problems in not having children. Details of joys and funerals Hello So and the departure of Allan and News Peninsula Arab wars and invasions travel of her husband and return to her husband converted to Islam and etc. etc. etc., the novel is a consistent context and metamorphic style would not recommend read it, it is a bad sign in the history of Youssef Zidane ...
The narration is mildly painful and frightening. For the testimony of a prisoner in Tadmur Prison .... every time I read a book in prison literature, my heart would be riven. Why did the situation of Arabs and Muslims reach this stage? Aren&#39;t we one nation that worships one God? Even if the doctrines and opinions differ. Something very unfortunate and sad
I gave myself opportunities with Paulo Coelho, and unfortunately, every book I read for him is worse than the other, and it is ridiculed by a ridiculous adulterous novel devoid of any moral value and I do not understand why insisting on sexual details as if you are watching porn movie
Mustafa Mahmoud presented several crossed and unconnected ideas at the same time that he did not go into depth and explain them thoroughly, as if they were pen heads he had picked up from here and here and presented them in a manner that is not the style that we have promised, as if it is shallow, hips and full of emotion that does not fit those serious and deep ideas and on the whole the ideas are repeated and did not add I have a lot, except in some quotes such as: Rather, political Islam is an invitation and awareness aimed at reaching public opinion and is intended to communicate the Islamic approach in its purity, simplicity, and inclusiveness to the general Muslims, who think that Islam is only prayer and fasting ... then we say to them, but it is life, treatment, knowledge, work, honor, morals, mercy, and piety Function, accompanied by the weak, aid to the poor, advice to rulers, democracy and popular participation in the decision. . ... .......... What did Hitler do with his Nazi fundamentalism, and what was his way to solve the problem of unemployment in Germany ... He turned the unemployed into workers in weapons factories and then turned them into soldiers and then to corpses ... The Nazi revolution was nothing but a nihilist revolution She soon ate herself. . ............... The only position required of the masses is the position of deference under the constant bombardment of the media, targeted propaganda, brainwashing programs and mob cheers. . ................. What is the value of building a factory and demolishing a human being ... What is the value of songs of freedom and the liberation songs at a time when Egypt has turned into a big prison and a great terror. . .................. The exit of Islam from life will be followed by the exit of Islam from the mosque, and then its complete defeat .. Islam is a way of life and cannot have a half-life or be imprisoned in a silo. May God have mercy on him, unworthy of going into politics.
I do not find a comment on this book except that first it is not poetry ... Secondly it is a cocktail of gloom, sadness and surrender between a bitter past and rejection from all those around, from beloved to relatives and companions ... and the presenter of the diwan is extremely pessimistic, why is this ... And the words could not be called poetry ... And so I thought to advise Mohamed Ibrahim that he called the Diwan a black phloemaster instead of a white phloemaster so that its color matches the darkness of the sad words but it was my surprise when I read a poem of white phomaster until I find it describing white phomaster as worse than black because it has no A place in a box of colors ... Then I decided to shut up Because there is no hope of the pessimism of the poet, who transmits all his sorrow from his page on Facebook to this office, which most readers flock to, and I do not know why?
Weak. Unfortunately, the employees of the Iftar restaurant are not fit in terms of dealing, as I was booked as part of the Iftar meal.
very bad . Saudi youth reception is one of the most wonderful. Failure to satisfy the desires of the inmate, the lack of rooms, and the non-provision of breakfast for two persons in the same rooms.
I don&#39;t understand anything from you
Unsuccessful in all respects. Failed all people and screaming, we ask God for safety. Takfowoon, do not insult people who are not respectful and exploitative, especially of Syrian nationality
Its title never indicates what it contains .. I read it a long time ago .. I still remember that I was shocked by its content .. My hatred for its subject and my disgust with it lost my ability to judge the style and language of the novelist .. She did not like me
An incredibly boring novel, strangely enough, there are those who described it as an epic and the word epic always reminds me of the epic Harafish wonderful Najib Mahfouz and of course there is no slightest comparison between a novel that I finished in seven continuous hours and I could not leave it only after I finished it and another that took more than a day to read and in Every time I hope that it will improve a little so that I can end it and always my wish is not fulfilled .. Almost there are no events except that the youths and men of the village are all fascinated by the attribute of Muhammad Abu Swailem&#39;s daughter, until the village men struggle with the government for the land there are no real events .. My opinion may be shocking, but it remains my opinion. The novel is boring S and i didn&#39;t like it at all
Useless deepening.
A book in which I found frustration, contrary to what was expected before I read it, especially after my previous reading of his book Kheba Ya Baba, in which cards of optimism came out. Pain me in the event of some successful stories that were mentioned by the writer. The writer may be somewhat exaggerated. Most of the characters ’lives revolve in their love for the media and travel outside. The misfortune of our media who digested their rights and did not give them their right to glorification and fame as is the case of some players
Of the books whose message differs according to the type of the reader and his psychological state..I mean, if someone reads it to the pedestrian, you will feel that you are reading his newspaper, perhaps not stopping you a lot. For our normal words, I liked the book, in one way or another, touching needs such as enlightening Juana and expressing it, and from the most common words that stopped me:. If you find yourself alone, this means that you are unique and rare of your kind .. and who in the world says that your type is a mistake or a monster .. but you can make sure that this is the right type for you .. and simplify it
disappointing. . The room is full of dust, too, and the iron table is bad and old, with a visible nail that the user might be injured and alerted to, but for the life of those who call
Saudi reap simply my time lost
صااااااااااااادادة
The perfume does not have the advantage of the first need of the wind, followed by a constant of an hour. Secondly, it is not pleasant, thirdly, it is not a pleasant moment, it is normal.
On the grandeur of the title, however, the content is meager, I expected that it will go in its entirety to analyze this failure that has lasted for more than half a century and the causes of the loss of the land of Palestine at the hands of those who addressed the task of defending it, but the strange thing is that it enters the abominable sectarianism in a wondrous digression. For the totality of conflict and wars, he did not have any reason, and Wikipedia is in this case singer, especially in the absence of a sober analysis.
From the experience of rubbish. Close to the mosque only. Everything is bad, whether on the level of reception, cleanliness, service, price or equipment .. The pictures on the site do not deceive you, what I actually found made me regret my choice and not repeat the experience in the future
Nice book for a beginner. I postponed reading it to see the amount of interest. I found that most of the information was repeated and passed with me in other books. Some statistics are old but useful for general perception. It is more a collection than a composition:
The second section of the book is what I liked. For the first part, he was able to strengthen his inference more. In the book, in general, he could have been more aggressive in defending women and their rights, and he could use stronger evidence, especially from the primary source, the Qur’an.
There is no doubt that the novel contains a story, a plot, and a dialogue that deserves that one cares and reads it. The need that stood in the way of old men is the length of the novel, which is its depression, and how much shamelessness and insolence is there. A sense that the Zed novel was written to express only animalistic desires? All that was in my animal even the love of the alleged Lord was something animal, her love for what? Because you are so sweet It can be pity, but true love cannot be degraded under this narrow concept .. I was reading the lines quickly to get past the narration and swallow it quickly so I could not immerse myself in disgusting fantasies. From the first pages and the novel is cliche and cheap and it contains overly brutal overtones, a world completely polluted, and despite all this, I see if the writer is possible to express in a way that is clearer than that? It is assumed that the writer digs the idea of people&#39;s minds; he does not want to leave the end of one adulterer and a murderer, completely away from our Lord and tells you to take my right with my armor and the worldly life. There is no place for the weak and one to think of thugs. The end is completely unfair. Why do you always have novels trying to decorate you with a mistake? No need for size. The mistake turns out to be wrong and forbidden is forbidden, and it turns out that the end of the forbidden and wrong is very harsh .. The novel is horrendously bad, and this was the reason I performed it with two stars only. As for the rest of the stars I have forbidden from them because of the horrific amount of elaboration, details are not appropriate except for cheap porn movies, and because the end is very unfair .. it means a novel that is all black and black and I do not know how her name is I loved. The name Ydhd, but it does not have any connection to the novel
I do not recommend it tightly. Location only. Difficulty logging in even if not crowded. The finger is late and can wait for it for more than an hour. The air conditioning is hot and sometimes it turns off. They take the currency teams to the last day, if there is a difference. I do not recommend it and strongly.
disappointing. . The hotel crew is fraudulent .. I had to live in it because the location .. Checkout cannot be settled without a fine even though the Czechs had it was the hour .. I hope to improve the service
disappointing. The location of the external restaurant. Buffet and breakfast
It became very bad. . In short, the sewage smells inside the building as a whole, and the sewage leaks and the entrance as well
I did not like much like. Egypt from the history window. And the. I am the Egyptian. Specifically, when he started telling the story of Al-Baramkeh with Haroun Al-Rashid, where it was boring and he kept repeating and repeating until the reader directed his view of the Al-Baramkeh and the stranger, he did not acknowledge a single mistake they might have, nor was it because they were the closest of Al-Rasheed’s agents whom he saw as tyrant as if they did not help him in tyranny, but the book deserves reading .
It is for the book as an outline of Ibn Arabi, his personality and thoughts, and a summary about him means Latif. But as for the thought of Ibn Arabi and his personality itself. Shwaye Hubble Ali Shwaya Abt Ali Shwaya Speech:. I deny that I have things I like ... but most of the book are misconceptions:
Only one star. For the deep idea found at the end of the book. He has a beautiful idea at the end of the novel, and if he formulated it in a narrative way, it would become one of the most beautiful. As for the rest of the book, I see it as nothing but gossip, talk / talk, compact, meaningless and worthless. Its insertion of sexual scenes is exaggerated and disgusting. Fantastically tacky. Not without pages of disgusting scenery. I think if he dispensed with these things, the book would have ended only on the page. I don’t know if this is his only novel? Or is the rest of his books the same idea? I did not find in this novel what all this noise deserved about Milan Kundera. I did not find any effect on me after reading it. No feelings / no thoughts / no depth, nothing commented. Overall this is my personal opinion. According to the ratings of the Reds, there was a great difference and difference in his evaluation. People staying in five stars and people in one star. Surprised by the high ratings, fouls, and fantastic compliments. They see something I do not see? . I do not know :/. Generally the first and last reading of Milan. I don’t want to go through another experiment that might be a failure like the previous one. I have no time to waste on nonsense like this
Weak. . The hotel is bad with everything from A to Z
Weak. . Parking after what is in it, if it is necessary to pay dirhams in the morning. External parking. The money of buildings that are demolished.
Its end is the most beautiful in it .. In my humble opinion, its last chapter is the only one that carries an idea that was listed in an expressive way and a beautiful style.
Is this something I kept deaf and ready to hear with the letter now? The story is that I caught it on the vacation after a secondary school, I saved it, taking advantage of the cruciate ligament that was on my bed. But I suffocated from him an hour when he traveled and he did not miss me:. The village and Al-Azhar days were better
Honoring the dead buried him. And this court will not be honored except by burning because it was born dead. To say the least, this is bad. I heard dreams of receiving what was said to be hairy .. and accordingly, I hated what I read. Poetry is not by learning, but rhyme is a talent and the sea is a tale of love. And the inkwell is the beginning and conclusion of the soul ... What is this poetry like ... Go back from this way in which you have no resurrection
disappointing. Cleanliness and respectable reception staff. The inconvenience of the neighboring rooms, even the sound of the bathroom siphon in the adjacent room is clearly heard. Transfer to the sanctuary in times other than prayers is bad, so the bus driver will not be satisfied with moving until after it is installed a quarter of an hour even if it is standing before your long-term ride
poor . Location. Toilets are overflowing with brushes and furniture, old and consumer. The lack of cooperation of reception staff in general is irrelevant to the name of Mo Mbek
Too bad . . The rooms are poor and smokey, so it is not suitable for housing
This story I had read in one night after I saw the movie, which was encouraging had it not been for some of the notes that I will mention later, and after I heard about its unpopular popularity, this story belongs to the easy, light category that is loved by the hearts of many of the enthusiasts of these works that end in your hands quickly, but it does not change The thing is a lot of your thinking or outlook on life as its author relies on, or as you might think happy about the success of his book and film, at least not to me. Of course, the negative evaluation comes to this category of stories, as it carries more than it deserves from expectations due to the excessive compliments applauded by it, due to its spread and popularity, but my negative evaluation for it may be worth two stars, but I preferred evaluating it with one star due to it belonging to that new category of Egyptian works that look at the religious In a disdainful look, she was not smelly in this work, but she was not free of it, and my opinion supported this film, which I watched in it, and one of the heroines removed the veil even if she returned to him later. I don’t know, my opinion may be influenced by a negative evaluation that I read quickly before watching the movie or because I don’t remember when I signed my hand on an Egyptian novel or story that did not criticize the visible or the inside of any form of Islamic religiosity in particular, so I became sensitive about this topic and started searching About this criticism between the pages of any work of any Egyptian writer .. Also, because I do not like the works that are colloquially dominated, and this story is all its colloquial dialogues, because it is one of the category of film scenarios that are offered for sale, therefore it is not really necessary to carry more than it deserves, as it was written Aim and achieved.
disappointing. nothing. The evaluation of guests is higher than the old hotel, needs to be revamped and the elevator is badly closed quickly
It fluctuated a lot between describing the novel: Christian or Sufi .. It carries many events from Andre&#39;s life well and offers a good area of Christian prayers, but between this and that carries a very clear mystical character.
Very bad hotel. nothing. everything
I expected to take a dose of love and shocked me with a heavy meal of misery and pessimism.
The first is sweet, and the last is white
I will never repeat the experience of staying in this hotel. Unfortunately its location is good with being bad. Room services are bad and they are very late in responding. The carpet is old and dirty and has a smell of toilet. It smells foul, and its tools are deficient and in every room there is a lack of either towels or detergents. Comfortable, the rooms are open to those in the swimming pool, and we have experienced those in the balcony in all the rooms, open and very dangerous for children. The restaurant is annoying and the music is always working and disturbing without taking into account one of the declared roles. Allocating it to non-smokers. Absolutely conscious and finally the description of the hotel in the boking is incorrect and unrealistic
Most of their long novels, in many words, are usually a significant indication that they have nothing to say
Butter is highly recommended. Wi-Fi only, although it turns off sometimes. I booked a night for an apartment with the Riwaq for people and children before the attendance and recorded all the data after I arrived saying to me there is no children&#39;s bed and there is no Riwaq and you are a two-night barrier after scenes of my words they agreed to the Riwaq and gave me one bed for the children The inconvenience is more than once, but there is no life for those who call and the way to enter the building is very unpleasant and the lobby is sometimes small
The God and that to Him we return
The shameful aspect of a hotel supposed to be the stars of this hotel represents a disgrace to Egyptian tourism. The level of hygiene is shameful and the food is bad and the leftovers are used for the following days. As a result, an injury from my family members with diarrhea and vomiting. The bathrooms are poor, the toilet bases are worn out, stuck to the floor with cement stupidly, there is no shower in the bathrooms, semi-broken air conditioners, and the hotel&#39;s roads have dirty spots everywhere. Frankly, the hotel does not deserve more than two stars and I do not know where the Ministry of Tourism is from this shameful front for tourists
A fairly good book. Much depends on the very huge balance of Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq. It wasn&#39;t the enjoyment I had expected. I did not like the book in particular. But I do not deny that some ideas were good and focused. The writer&#39;s style is indisputable. However, the book is of a weak standard for the rest of Ahmed Khaled Tawfik&#39;s writings
Good luck, God willing. Good luck, God willing.
Why this book? The majority is a repetition of scalable scraps and extracts from previous novels and even his editorial articles. Some of the tweets are inhumane and strange that they come from Dr. Ahmad
I do not recommend it to families and there is an exploitation of a guest by the Egyptian manager. There is no. Exploitation of the inmate of the Gulf by the Egyptian director and his treatment is different and beautiful for the European
I am not able to define a book of strong faith, and there is no summit in unbelief
I think she would rather prefer the best that remains a book
Weak . nothing. Mismanagement and lack of understanding of my circumstances, which is an emergency circumstance, and he had to cancel my reservation and did not understand my conditions and did not return anything nor advise on him because he does not understand the circumstances of others thinking about himself and his policy, and when I made a call to the reservations manager, he said, the excuse cannot be returned and he did not hear my circumstances and thought of his hotel and told him if Cancellation of reservations will appear online and to no avail
The truth is I do not know how to establish the novel. Where do I classify it? Do they fall within the romantic literature and love stories, or do they fall within the literature of Diaspora and its meanings Arabs in the West, or what? As a story that did not attract me much, especially the chapters that were on the tongue of Rafid was like a construction that I did not feel much ... As for Hoda&#39;s character, the truth also did not know why she came behind all this time to tell him that she loved him by translating her novel .. he is a married man. I felt that Hoda wanted to show the religion for her mother, it was nothing more than a way to be able to get to know the Iraqi or Arab communities, and even for Hoda, there were only things that she used to do, and I don&#39;t know the significance that the writer wanted to deliver. The contradictions that fill the young men, they reach the mosque and then go to the clubs and even the mainstay of the personality coming from Iraq that was ridiculing from Hoda and that she was brought up in a dissolved society. Hoda discovers that he is the other, even though he has the money, he still lives with a large woman who spent on him, and this is how a shock to her is formed. Some of the clips were beautiful and touching. In general, the novel did not like much
I took from him the meal of the King Abdullah Road Branch, praise be to God in any case, but the last time he introduced him bad taste
Beware, Yasuah. . Bad does not deserve two stars and the reasons are: clean the bed every time I get the hair on the sheet for the breakfast is good but the workers ask the guest why there are many breakfasts parking sometimes stands outside the hotel i.e. the opposite square caution then caution then caution there is no shattaf in the bathroom I mean if they spent no need For purity, when I asked them and I explained to them that the room did not have a bidet, they answered me that all the rooms in the hotel do not have a bidet. Akh / God all Maglth in my conscience and happened in front of me.
I often felt from the novel that the writer understood the meaning of love wrong, or has confused love and craving, and this. It greatly annoyed me ... I liked the quotes on Gibran and Ilya Abu Madi, while I liked the quotes on the lips of the characters, and the writer&#39;s words were bad. This is in terms of the content of the book. As for the title and the appearance of the book, I am dissatisfied with them because they are deceptive
Long, long, boring in some of its chapters ... Its end is not something wrong.
Very bad hotel. nothing. The rooms are very bad, the beds are old, and the pillows are one of the most popular types. The bathroom is similar to the public baths in the street. The smell is bad. I don&#39;t think they use any kind of detergent.
I read it on the thirtieth anniversary of the massacre and I could not complete it for the ugliness of the scene ... It was not a book but a scene of terror and pain. No, it is the face of the tragedy that looks from the pages. ...... More than four thousand victims .. Each of them has a story .. some of them are very short born during the siege of Beirut and slaughtered while he was breastfed before he reached the age of distinction between sounds and colors. And some of them are very tall. He was born in Palestine at the end of the last century. He was forced to emigrate repeatedly, burying children and grandchildren who fell as martyrs on the way back to Palestine. He held his memory and tried to get out of the camp during the massacre, but he was slaughtered day and night, and the cameramen cameras recognized him alive and slaughtered. The reader must imagine a phrase like there were a thousand civilians in the hospital when we came back they had taken and killed a thousand in one phrase the reader should read this phrase thousands of times because this little word means a thousand people a thousand stories of a thousand tragedies. ..... The book is a recounting of events and a description of the massacre with some inferences about who was behind it
Less than normal. Transfer hour. There are no services next to him to pigeon, nor restaurants, or a pharmacy, and there is no laundry, even the hotel does not have a washroom that needs a TV car.
We finished .... .. .. the question I had ... Do you really deserve the Arab Poker Award?
I did not feel any addition to this book, contrary to the abundance of information used by Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq. Perhaps the reason is that most of what was mentioned, if not all, I knew in advance of it due to my relationship with mathematics, but I expected more plots for stories and to be closer to one long novel filled with different puzzles to highlight the mental and muscular sides of the book hero.
I wish to improve the hotel in terms of honesty and cleanliness. . He wrote on your website that there is free internet and unfortunately he was in a dirham office that transportation to and from the airport is free and unfortunately he was not so on the pretext that it serves a lounge and only this information did not mention the presence of cockroaches in the room
The star that I performed for the novel, because it was possible to have the same sweet story as good, but it needs countless adjustments. Description: Many things and events that are superfluous are very, very frankly, bored as well as so once I read it, but I admit that it made me know what the end is. . I felt the author made a great effort to describe me, what they love and sympathize with them, but I found this description very boring, and I was often used to reading it, and I did not feel any sympathy for Walid or Raghad. Why did he not understand why Ould made the cause of the death of Ammar a terrible secret, so that he disclosed the reason, he reduced his sentence period, but it is an ordinary reason, meaning no harm will be inflicted, and it will not expose the limit of the only reason the truth in my opinion is that the author loved. Also, intellectual contradiction means that she wants the novel to lead to an Islamic character, and at the same time this contradiction is, for example, commitment to the veil so much that she does not wear the color other than black in front of strangers, but very normal, for example, when she is afraid she will be left in the arms of her cousin, who is not one of the incest
When you are late writing your review of a book, you will forget what your feelings were when you finished it. And now I suffer from this moment. .... in general and I will talk about my own impression. Regardless of Cai&#39;s courage in facing and overcoming the disease, regardless of the severity of the disease she was exposed to. And her courage to talk about him, despite what may affect her social status. However, I did not feel all of these things while reading her biography. Kind of frigidity dyed her words. There are many scientific aspects that do not concern an ordinary reader like me. As far as he was expected to read more about psychological problems and its attempt to overcome the disease and the situation surrounding it. She spoke at length about her academic work and that was partly boring. Plus I had started the book earlier and then stopped it until I bought it. I did not return to him with the required enthusiasm. Perhaps because I experienced a period of severe depression and hesitated a lot to read a topic that is at the heart of this type of disease. Kind of agonizing agonies. Mood is a bad factor in reading and judging what you read. Rarely do you find a book that is objectively subject to its own personal effects. And in general this is taken for granted. We are not all on one wave. :
disappointing. nothing. A dilapidated hotel that does not deserve even two stars and its price is exaggerated compared to the most luxurious hotels in Al-Khobar.
Despite my bias for Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq, the horror was substandard, the ends truncated and the themes repeated, in general the narration or set of stories came out very weak
What is that?
The beginnings are not the same as the climb of a mountain, but the ends are not the same as the rolling. Contrary to expectations, Ibrahim Nasrallah could not move me much from that gray area. It seems that the matter needs another visit, after this long meeting that I had been waiting for a lot has ended ... Someone once said to me that a feeling of love will suddenly overwhelm you while reading this novel, and this is what actually happened in the beginning .. Love controlled all the air A state of tranquility and calm that suits the Sea of Galilee, whose story began on its banks ... but at an unusual speed, that atmosphere has changed completely, to show what I have always feared in all historical narrations ... the terrible glorification of the hero, and his status in holiness, to the degree that makes you feel that you In front of one of the legendary heroes of Greek mythology ... I do not quite object to the love of Nasr Al He has this character, or his infiltration into it, as he said at the beginning of the novel .. But my objection lies in the aura of the greatness that he drew about the character, which made me think that the apparent age would have existed now, and he would have finished the Palestinian issue in a few days ... The first half of the novel is very good, but not to the extent appropriate for my passion and my great love for storming the Palestinian comedy, after a period that I think is long from being cut off from Palestinian literature, or novels that talk about Palestine and its history. Starting from this family meeting between Zahir and his siblings in front of the Four Jellyfish, in a strange scene of a fabulous consultation with death to choose his prey coming from them .. When Qandil appeared, I realized that all the upcoming events would be amazing, and I said to myself, let&#39;s see how this hero will overcome this idea, That death will be chosen first ... as if what had leaked from the white horse into you was not its milk alone ... It was a description of that relationship between Zahir and the white horse .. Indeed, with all the horses in general, very good, you will feel during reading that horses are the true hero of this novel, and that the hero himself inside of him makes him behave like a pure horse, so that he comes to kiss the horse&#39;s hooves that he had The credit for his survival ... What I like most about the novels that talk about Palestine are these beautiful popular atmospheres that appear on occasions. I adore Palestine on this picture, the image of joy that we miss a lot, the image of girls and they start throwing flowers towards Lake Tiberias, and the moon stands shy above them, and the singing ascends as a hammock Ropes hang from the sky. Oh my hair this night Elk. A flap and a bird will follow you. When my love shows you He will sing you wiggy. A bright face like a king. But I just wanted to know the source of these popular songs, and did they exist at this time, or did the author put it himself and it did not exist before? . God did not create a beast like a human being, nor did a man create a beast like war. Something new that Nasrallah surprises me with in his account, that he used war, war only to probe the depths of his characters and heroes. A character did not appear clearly except during the war, his sons, his friends, his enemies, etc. Simply in the narration, and in a smooth language he was able to draw a picture of the lives of these characters, and with simple sentences and human touches, he was able to facilitate the path of his message to be conveyed ... which unfortunately differed with him in many parts of it. But the strange irony is that as we say it was supplied by two three pills .. By the same means he fell into very, very strange contradictions, .. The hero who made him fight for justice, love and mercy, kills two men whose fault was that they asked a woman on her path and left her .. i.e. fairly this. Then he left it to the bodies of humans and gazelle and their son to eat eagles from them, arguing that they would still look at their city as long as the birds were alive. Or the bloodshed of many people as a reaction to the killing of his brother Saleh, although he showed him before that in a beautiful picture as a person who hates blood and blood continued to haunt him after he killed only one person who tried to rape a woman ... As for the most surprising surprise of what Zahir Al-Omar did when he prostrated in front of the church and asked for victory from Mary, the daughter of Imran after God, I do not know exactly how a Muslim testifies that there is no god but God alone, he does such a thing, and the most difficult thing is that after the victory he really believes that for Mary The Virgin as well and the reason for this victory .. I have not seen in this matter any kind of love very frankly. The truth is that the second half of the novel is its main characteristic, which is exaggeration in everything, in making all characters a criminal, and all people are mere thieves, bandits and murderers, except that it appears that the hero is conspiring against his sons and his allies, and yet he meets them with pardon and love a lot .. and he who mouths All the conspiracies surrounding him, and everything is expected, and this particular matter made him into a star character that for me was a bit like a fairy figure. The matter quickly turned into something like a thousand and one nights stories, new characters suddenly appearing to occupy an important place in events such as the character Al-Sabbagh, to suddenly discover that he is a Christian, a doctor, etc. Yes, it will not be my last time with Nasrallah, of course, but I was hoping that Nasrallah would receive me in his first work with what befits a lover reader. He has a heart that loves everything related to Palestine ... Oh Nasrallah, we have another meeting soon, God willing:
Weak. . My reservation was two bedrooms balcony reception I refused to abide by and adhere to the terms of the contract and he handed me one bedroom balcony violating
Plateau: ... the novel that I read myself from the last year of its history ... the novel is divided into strengths and weaknesses ... exactly? . Strengths. The stories themselves are very good. The story itself is great. The novel, despite its large size, is smooth and does not want effort. The characters drawn were good description itself .. The idea that the writer made me love, hate, feel, relax, sympathize, and all these feelings liked me very much ... weaknesses. Dialogue from the novel. Language is not bad, but simple. The novel is in a big fanciful side. The cover is not originally mentioned. Between the points, these strengths are tied with weaknesses, so the evaluation remains the text:. Genius, I am humble, do not embarrass me
I felt a lot of men from Mars and men from Venus. But the Arabic version of it. Delicious and sweet advice. If I get old sure, I won&#39;t think of it. I see that Lea has special principles. I developed it myself. Arrogant, I know
Don&#39;t forget to try the Kashmiri rice
They have no credibility. . I booked an apartment for an amount, but on the day I arrived in the Emirates, they raised the price in riyals and calculated it for me, and I had to pay it, and I do not recommend any tourists who trust them
This novel begins with intense glow. Then this glow begins to disappear gradually. Until he finally reaches nothing. Just like the worlds that the writer talked about. The world of film festivals. Fashion. cinema industry. Those worlds that have a lot of glare from afar. Once you get close to it, you find nothing
I only like this beautiful language in this book. Inaam Kajji enjoys the smoothness of a paper in her writing, as I liked the author&#39;s introduction of different dialects in the short dialogues between characters .. But in my opinion, it is a novel without events, it is more like a series of texts written by a group of characters. The novel is more dispersed than I can accept, claiming that it reflects the country&#39;s separation of characters. I also felt that I was reading flashes of memories without meaning or correlation, such as an ordinary and boring autobiography, but it was written in a seemingly beautiful way ... On the expression of these meanings through events and personalities ... I also did not feel much affected by Inaam&#39;s characters such as Ji-ji, and I did not respond to them. It is superficial and I only see one side of it .. Al-Diwaniya or Iraq did not appear as a place entrenched in the hearts of the characters, neither the reader sees it nor the reader enters it, and he does not feel that he has gone into its details. She is also very superficial .. She also felt some naive and artificial romance in depicting a rosy and Indian life. Each of them encounters personalities filled with intense admiration and overflowing love, unanimously agreed upon by all and drowning them in kind gestures tirelessly. Where is this pink world located? Nor did we know much about what prompted a rosy family to leave Iraq just general and kidnapping phrases .. I was sad because I had built hopes on this novel, which I had visited for several months in the library before I bought it. I am pleased with the words written on the back of the book. But it frustrated me and the adorable cover fooled me
I don’t know if I can call it a novel. Perhaps according to the common traditions. But for me, I don&#39;t see it either. A bunch of messages have a lot of pictures. It has a very fine and smooth language. The events are not clear and not chained. If you take any part with the other and flip it over, you will not find any change. The beginnings and the ends themselves are, there is no beginning and there is no end. Unfortunately, I think I wasted my time reading it. Give her only two stars for language and pictures
One of the most underdeveloped needs that we have catered in our underdeveloped education
A long time ago, the pomegranate was very, very bad, and bad, and the kebabs were all fat
The worst places. . The place is bad, the service is bad, the internet is bad, there is a respectable person, and no captain is parking the car.
It is worthy of the name of the experiment, no more ...
One of the many novels published recently and all bearing the character of mystery and excitement and trying to create parallel worlds in which the writer can create something new as in the writings of Amr El-Gendy for example and all of them are medium-level .. First I am from Meidum, it is my town and I live in it, and the Meidum Mansion pyramid is one of the most places Fame in the province in spite of the government’s complete neglect of it, so that its lighting lights have more than five years, and it has not been damaged so far, with the complete neglect of tourism companies for that effect from the schedules of their visits despite it being one of the oldest pyramids in Egypt and is considered an intermediate stage in a progressive procession Building the pyramids and e The stage of the terraces and then was followed by the pyramid of Djoser and then the three pyramids .. near the pyramid the village cemeteries are located, so this area was always saturated with death and dismal at the same time with the myths of the curse of the pharaohs and hidden treasures and monitoring and very widespread in the village with pits in search of the effects of course, But most of these stories abated a lot during that period, especially with the terrible technological progress of the village, as it is currently one of the highest villages in the province in the income of the individual due to travel to the Gulf in general, which lost the village a lot of stories and heritage that ceased to exist with the death of the village’s old people .. This is the village, Haunted, with its myths and Its truth, as for the novel, is very ordinary, very simple dialogues, flat characters all, a contrived adventure. The author tried to make it close to the Sherlock Holmes puzzles, so I came out closer to the adventures of the five adventures or more superficial ones with mixing what is historical with myths with magic that mix that succeeded with the blue elephant so everyone now does .. a bad novel in general
Bad staff. Cleanliness of the hotel. Most of the employees deal with the inmate Almighty, especially if the inmate is of Arab nationality or Saudi nationality in particular. I hope the hotel management will consider conducting training courses for its employees on how to deal with guests.
I was shocked when I read this book. Of the popularity of the book among girls in general, and the large number of quotes on the pidges .. I used to imagine that I would read a book on the level of dreams of Mostaghanemi. The book is very boring and traditional, I read it in less than an hour text. That&#39;s enough : :
Unfortunately, it is not worth going. Unfortunately, I did not like anything. Delayed more than two hours to enter our hygiene rooms not available, as they returned the spoons without cleaning and we found a wine bottle thrown down the chair in the room for my children
Very weak. Candid junk.
A revolutionary political novel that takes place in Algeria and Iraq, but it is a bad novel that many Islamists attacked as insulting to God and His Messenger, but it is not so much that this is not originally intended, but, as usual, the Islamists love to make the dome, and in this way they served Haidar very well in the fame of the novel and it is supposed to thank them physically
disappointing. nothing. Sending the internet is very, very weak, and the electricity is lost every time. The service for the bags is not good. No one comes until we go to them. The treatment is not good. The place does not open the curtain.
The book talks about the case of the calculation that was raised against Nasr Abu Zayd in the nineties, demanding that he and his wife be separated from him to revert from Islam, after a number of individuals submitted quotes from his books claiming that because of him he had apostatized from Islam and therefore must be differentiated from him and his wife ... the book In one of his parts he discusses the issue of the limit of apostasy in Islam, which prompted me at the beginning based on the nomination of a person I know to read the book ... But the book, while reading one of the parts, responding to his petition, Abu Zaid&#39;s lawyers against the court, raised in myself a number of questions that are much more important or perhaps Equal in importance to the cause of the apostasy, because the writer stated that according to Hanafis, and they have the most correct opinion of the apostate. Eligibility is waived, meaning that he does not become a guardian of his young children, and the apostate mother loses the right to care for the children, and so on. The apostate takes away his money from him, meaning that all of his money that he owns is of course real estate and money and all of it is taken from him until he returns to Islam. Receptive is not necessary, but it is desirable only, and it is necessary if the guardian saw the good or the person requested it in case he was not really aware of religion. If the apostate means what he asked for a follow-up days, you may not leave it and be applied to it immediately ... that the apostate separates from his wife and his wife will not be after that, and if he returns to Islam again, he will not return to him except with a new contract. Of course, what caught my attention most was the issue of withdrawing eligibility and stealing money from a person only because he changed his religion. The important thing .... In the apostasy case, almost all I know is what is written about the new thing for me .... that although it is not necessary we must kill the apostate, but if the guardian sees that, then he will be killed. I did not think that as long as the threshold of the apostasy does not exist, then it is not possible in any case to kill the apostate, but the writer explains that this is possible if the guardian deems it necessary. The other issue, which is a problem that I have always observed in every justification of the subject of the response, is the following ... In the response, the scholars come to remove the likeness and clarify the defect of the apostate in understanding and make an argument against him, and then he is tried before the judiciary and they see him killed or leave him or what ... Always assume that they will be able Established the argument What if your argument is not convincing to him? Should he be persuaded of his family, for example? . No answer ... I generally read in one of the appendices that he discussed the matter in more detail in his book, on the origins of Islamic criminal in almost the second chapter. I found the book and looked at this part, and we see more details .... I really do not know how long the believers will remain convinced of killing the apostate and abusing him. I do not know how these people think about this matter.
The height of pain is that despair chews you between your jaws, before frustration breaks you down the road.
The worst internet in the kingdom&#39;s hotels. nothing. The Internet is very slow, the small size of the rooms, the lack of training for workers, especially restaurant workers
Years ago I stayed at this hotel for its distinction but now it is not. Proximity to the sanctuary. Bed sheets and quilts are torn, elevators from working and the rest parked, the bathroom in the floor is overflowing
If you want to make an autobiography interesting. A boring resume you should apply to this course, what happened:
Honestly, hoping for what I read
An interesting book that teaches man how to create happiness from the simple things that are in my day
Grand furnished apartments are one of the worst places in Dubai so I would never recommend it. . The hotel imposes an additional fee on the visitor, including the equivalent of a dirham, to charge the card that I enter into my room, so this value is not calculated by the site and therefore this is very bad
She was not neutral at all. Men are not monsters, as dreams portrayed, nor women are angels with white wings.
In the first stories ... the second man. And it is quoted in the movie The Devil preaches .. I felt that the Dinari is a symbol of God and that Shata is a symbol of man as he walks on a path without any goal being taught .. directed by a superior who does not show him the unseen .. But this is only my vision .. the story Worthy of two stars. In the story of love and the mask .. I was not impressed by the personality of Fethiye, the religious girl .. It is one of the very rare cases in which I find Naguib Mahfouz describing a religious person as a central figure in any story for him .. I was not impressed because Fathia if she was religious as she claims, we find that she has risen With a patching process after being raped .. And from the context of words and events, I felt that Mahfouz did not fully explain the extent of the impact of this incident, nor did he explain the difference between Fethiye before and after the incident..and what makes me feel that the incident is what transformed it into a religious person. In other words, she is just ostensibly condemning her fear of repeating this incident or her feeling of being unable to face the truth ... This shall be Naguib Mahfouz walked to his habit in the absence of any characters in his novels clean .. The story deserves one star. Job&#39;s story is the best story in the group ... a continuous philosophical discussion of what is important in life ... worthy of stars. In the twilight story, we find the psychological doctor advising the patient to do everything he did in his life, but in a different way and this is his treatment .. I felt that the sentence was very artificial and an attempt to philosophize and delve into a very ordinary topic .. I did not even feel that the patient was actually sick throughout the events The story .. Mahfouz should not have fallen into the trap of this fabrication ... one star. In the story of the mountain, a group of young people decide to implement justice in their hands, but justice deviates from its course in the end .. a symbolic attempt on the corruption that affects a person after obtaining absolute power .. but it is not deep enough .. two stars. In the end we find the short play called the group .. Satan preaches .. I felt again that Musa bin Nusair and his followers were like the messengers knowing what would happen and trying to prevent the catastrophe by alerting people to it .. But as usual all the messengers did not find listening ears from humans To deserve the final torment, the story is a pleasant legend with a heritage. Three stars. In the rest of the stories, nothing is useful. A set of distorted human models, as usual, most of Mahfouz&#39;s personalities .. Characters who fall into a quagmire of filth and corruption .. They do not deserve more than one star
The two stars are for this book. Mostafa Mahmoud, but ...
Two stars of regret and grief for Great Bukovsky
Weak . . The servants
When this novel was recommended to me by my friends, their nomination came as a shift in the history of the Arabic novel, and then I came to browse it. I saw it with praise and presentation from many writers. The following ... The language is not colloquial, but is inferior to it, which hurts a woman when he hears it on the street .. He did not write the colloquially circulating, but that there are some words I did not know its meaning .... The drama is strong and the feelings are sincere in the beginning .... One of the introduction to the novel is that Sheikh Qantara is an old man who is a senator D that is not so ... I take on the novel as well as it depicted that religion has absolutely no effect in the development of the hearts of the people of the quarter. France . Then the extreme exaggeration in the person of the leader Saad Zaghloul .... and depicting that the people of this quarter have never done any good in their lives except their participation in the revolution, who whitened their black sheets, so they accepted the balance of the novel as heroes ..
disappointing. Breakfast is good and the best thing to see in this hotel. Cleanliness is zero, I used to live in the room and now I have red spots due to the lack of cleanliness of the bed or the blankets are still there. Also, the bathrooms are not clean.
Very weak. Location. Dirtiness and lack of hygiene
I will not return to this hotel again. . Bad service, cleanliness, worst reputation for free
The hotel is bad. . Everything is bad
My first writer reading. The second part I liked more than the first. I don&#39;t like a character and never promised:
The level of services is poor. . Bad room service, lack of necessary supplies in the room, no bathrobe, personal toiletries, and concierge service is extremely bad and I will not repeat my visit to it
I will never return to this place never. The price is very uncomfortable, the place is suitable for families, but it is far from the airport. The lobby is small and old, treated to impeccable staff
I don&#39;t like something called fast food, but I only eat it if I am a fan. But this restaurant is just eating my rusk with better milk and my Lord. A restaurant that lacks everything, I die, and I see the day that was left empty and the best thing in the restaurant, although it is one of the restaurant’s land games that come with Happy Mile.
Intuitive information, but some are useful
The book is unfair and fair on both sides, pointing fingers at the dragons..it has some beautiful ideas.
The title has nothing to do with the content of the novel.
disappointing. I didn&#39;t like anything. The smell of the place is not good
disappointing. . It was booked that you are free and surprises that the internet only in the father and the rooms do not have a net
To be honest, I do not know if the book is good or not, I know that I did not understand anything from it, and that he needs to translate it into simplified Arabic, or at least rewrite and edit it.
The language of the novel is beautiful and poetic by virtue of the author&#39;s poetic, but she was suffering from the filling. This emotional text could have become much less than this size. While her topic is not new, there is a very ordinary emotional story in this society
disappointing. Location. The entry procedures took a very long and unjustified time .... The rooms were not clean .... Internet service is available in the hotel lobby only ..... Breakfast was substandard
At the beginning of my reading of the novel, it attracted me with delicate sentences and wonderful quotes, and this is the only thing that is good in it and the star starts, except for an exaggerated banality to the degree of alarming. This is my first reading of the lame Wasni, and I do not think I will see him again
Very weak. The price is overrated and lack of seating on the beach and the restaurant is expensive.
The writer&#39;s style is purely narrative, very cool, he has beautiful vocabulary the size of mountains, but that in the end can not give this novel stars, unless the story itself is solid and well-knitted, because here we find the idea of a sloppy story, its events are vulgar and unconnected, as if The author has collected his ideas from various places and cast them into the template of his novel
Unfortunately, I had high hopes for this book. I expected that he would attract me and attract me to his pages, especially that Ibrahim al-Feki is very famous in NLP. Unfortunately, I fell asleep a lot and I read about it and did not believe it while I was sincere I was running around phrases or things that loved me in the book, but unfortunately I did not find anything
Somewhat reasonable in two poems, but the first and last two are good, and the bye is weak
The lack of commitment to the bus schedule was the biggest problem. Room size is a bit good and I expected bigger as pictured. The lifts were available .. The bus was not punctual and had to wait for it for more than an hour. Then I did not rely on him so I used the taxi to go and go back to the campus
Uncle has needs that are more than a thousand times more beautiful
Heil, for the first time, an Arab writer introduces psychodrama
Prices are high. . Lack of respect for hotel guests
A traveler break. Near the place where I mean. Sanitation smells of the hotel being a modified residence of a hotel, as the drain and distribution appear to be negative
I do not know how I got to check the poker ?? ..... less than normal .. you wish I would have wasted my time and remembered better:
Boring. very
Worst experience for me in Al-Aseel hotels, this hotel especially room. There is no service, no line up that respects the guests, and nothing I liked. The TV is broken. No sound and the engineer will come according to the employee’s comment. The TV Kharban and the bathroom The hot mixer Kharban and the shower Kharban
A poor standard hotel. . The parking service worker waited more than a minute without any concern from the workers there, there are no carpets in the room as the ground was very cold and I could only walk in my shoes because there was no slipper for walking, the LG TV is very old and worn out, and other things
Weak. The bathroom was pitch .... room. The bathroom pitched
Weak. . Dealing from workers
Very weak. . Guests are not permitted
I did not like it at all ... I cried after I finished reading it ... not for the quality of the work ... but I am the end and personality of Ali and talking about unity. It always hurts me
disappointing. The location is excellent and close to the Dubai Mall. Delayed reception and preparation of the room, as well as poor service and lack of cleanliness and nearby construction
Very ordinary. Uncomfortable. Adaptation centered on the head. Adaptation to be distributed across the room. Adaptation to place a mistake over your head exactly causes you a headache
The uniform of French eating does not satisfy or sing from hunger .. I mean, until you get full, you want to land at least one person. I got more hungry than I got in:
An atheist is an idiot ... I asked him stupid and easy to answer it .. Or possible because of the age or time in which the book was written .. Other than now ... The answers mentioned by the writer to respond to the atheist in my view, some of them never deserve to be mentioned because they do not sing nor get hungry from hunger .. I asked An atheist is easy. I think he is the youngest atheist. He thinks like this and these things ... Frankly, nothing has changed or no idea in my head has changed, or my mind and my mind have not expanded after reading the book. I did not read it now
Terrible, what a difficult hotel to stay in. The rooms are very old and outdated, and need urgent repair, and nothing happens not the first time anyway. My room is relatively modest in size, but everything in it is old and tacky. The bed mattress is old, and big on a large base as well. There is no single electrical plug to use. Some parts of the plugs are burned and do not work. The toilet is old, and the pressure of water is absent. You are drowned in cold / hot water when you shower. The chairs are dirty. The TV is very old fashioned, and the reception quality is poor. The internet is choppy. Health center equipment is not all working properly. The business center is poor, etc., etc. The motto of the hotel, global standards with a local flavor is an insult in itself, but I&#39;m not sure it is an insult. Among the positives I mention is the central location of the hotel on Olaya Street and restaurants, which I found reasonable. For a three-star hotel, it is not worth it, but at least it is not relatively expensive. But what about the saying, are you getting what you pay for? Don&#39;t be disturbed.
Weak. The breakfast is substandard and the pleasure is good. Hotel facilities are very poor
I had to travel to Alexandria to take out that negative energy in the sea and to wash my memories from the heroes of that eclipse. I would say a novel. Maybe a long leaflet remains, but I am still suffering from that dark thing on myself, but it is that negative energy that I have worn out in that novel. Yes, a paper from exhaustion. Psychologist felt that the writer seeks nothing but to make our lives hell in the heroes of his dismal novel
Do not be tempted by the site. There is nothing to talk about except that I put the rating points above random. Not clean and the treatment of the workers is not good
Perhaps overrated. May benefit his time and people. Perhaps a bad translation
Weak. e. There is a smell in the apartments, the doors do not lock properly, the locks do not work well, the kitchen appliances are not clean, the drawers are broken.
Ayza Adela. Because many details, Habibi, I mean, in chapters, I felt bored, and I wanted to prepare it, knowing that it would not decrease anything from the context of the book, but the book is a very sweet and smooth language
I did not complete the rebellion against the principles and convictions and give up one life and choose another life, which is unique, but I felt bored
For the first time, he was puzzled in the evaluation of a book .. Saad Allah and Nous, I adore him. The blending of symbolism with reality in politics with the conditions of our society makes his writings distinctive, dazzling, requiring reflection ... In this theatrical play, expressions ... We may consider them inappropriate as weird and the story is wonderful. As usual, he did not give up the resonant sentences that flash in your head that call for contemplation because, in one way or another, it is the same reality, most notably. The truth..the truth does not tell..where is the truth..the truth is what corresponds with the whims of gentlemen, and the public has led him to lead the blind, except that there are only slanders and suspicions. The most important question remains, can the transformation from the far right to the far left happen in effect if the evildoer becomes a mystic looking for the truth asceticism in the world and the world and that the honorable become a Ghanaian?
A book of training for the writer Sultan Musa al-Musa. The book carries something good that I can carry, but I have a clear comment on it even after my discussion with the writer through Twitter, which ended in my ban and I did not complete the remaining section because of my sense of strong aversion to the book. I do not see his ban and his behavior that is only Gruar, and this is through His style of discussion and the marginalization of opinion and opinion as others as readers, the book contains many weak and subject conversations and calamities that the writer puts them in the position of good and delivers them in positions and among these conversations what has escaped to him a mental volcano which is that the Messenger of God said and he is innocent of that all innocence is the best of your women Chastity in chastity, Chastity in her vagina, Gul On her husband, and I hope that you refer to the meaning of the weak hadith because it is a difficult fact to speak in it, and also a hadith in which he tells of the existence of a Prophet named Khalid bin Sinan between the Messenger, peace be upon him and Jesus, which is not true of the authentic hadith of the Messenger, may God bless him and grant him peace, which Al-Bukhari narrated from Abi Hurairah, may God be pleased with him, said that the Prophet, may God’s prayers and peace be upon him, said: I am the first of the people in Isa Ibn Maryam in this world and the hereafter, and the prophets are brothers for their mothers’s various sins and their religion is one. Aisha, may God be pleased with her, said that Israa was nothing but vision His sleep is only with the soul, not the body and the soul. Upon search, it was evident that he was based on a hadith attributed to Aisha, may God be pleased with her, which is that she did not feel the loss of the Messenger on the night of Isra and how she sensed it, and his wife was not originally at the accident. May God be pleased with her was in the second year of migration. The truth, which requires us to stand before it, which is how to publish these hadiths as a matter of health and without clarifying their weakness, how do you not revise the books and read and search in the text before publishing them? To God the complaint
Unfortunately, it is not worth a single star rating that ranks an intercity road inn, not a star hotel. Location only. The workers treated the prices, the internet, the noise, the slow response to the guest, and wow
Weak. The location is excellent. Cleanliness is very poor. Furniture is very bad. Price is more than worth it
Good trip . Location and calm. Lighting
A fairly good novel, as a start for Amr Abbas ... a needy who develops the style a little ..
Scholars arrive to science through philosophy. This is certainly logical, but what is not logical is the use of metaphysics in a scientific dialogue .. I expected to read a scientific dialogue because the writer is from the scholars and you expect that when you read the name of a scientist Stephen Hawking you will read about black holes or spacetime by explaining it For the philosophy leading to scientific discoveries, but still the oldest logical question in history without a concrete answer, theories such as the Big Bang prove the beginning of time and the laws of expansion and contraction of the universe and their relationship to gravity and the limits of Chandrasekhar put you in the laws of chance. What will happen to the stars? Will it become a black hole and become the largest cosmic magnet with which it falls? The whine of physics and how it affects the universe and the reality of what happened at the Big Bang and Newton when he made time absolute, and also when Einstein discovered the relativity of time and mocked Newton&#39;s law and the relationship of all theories to the universe and its origins and instead of linking science with religion linked religion to sensations and what the cat feels and things like that I became frustrated How will anyone in this book turn to a person to convince him in the vocabulary of faith and he is the one who lost faith .. Perhaps there is no specific book that explains to you the truth of the universe and its origin and perhaps it is a personal journey and personal connection to matters and their implications .. It is a good book for believers, but put yourself in the thinking of the other party who wrote For this sake A book would you convince faith to leave faith in metaphors and vocabulary beyond concrete.
Cheap, but without fun. Its price and close to the Metro station, but Mash. Asansir fill the soul / there are no positions at all Pay attention to the problem with / does not receive a guest / mafia discotheque but the side of the disco is not the difference in you
A bad novel in the content ... strong in the plot ... and it has little meaning in my opinion ... .... the first novel I read for Ahmed Murad and unfortunately it kept me from it
If it was a historical novel, it is very good, but as a literary work, it is without that due to the very slow recounting of events at the beginning, unlike the end, quite a good attempt.
Very weak. What impressed Bashi. I do not like the hotel because the hotel is not clean and inside the room I have insects. I want this hotel to be as good as the stars. Aslan is not stars before it is clean.
Really disgusting narrative., I cannot bear to see the weak mirror.
nothing . nothing. The water and furniture are old, give him two stars
. The password you entered is incorrect. In my opinion, the book was called: The Deification of Mubarak. I will not read it nor want to read it. Are we disappointed, Issam ?? Password: National Party. Corruption. The unemployment. Poverty. The lack of transparency in the elections. Slums. Dust education. Police brutality. Consider your father, my brother
I did not like, as usual, the famous modern Arab novels, the end is good, the story is good, and it is not without clever glimpses between its folds, but it is an exaggerated dependence on breaking Muharram. The writer insists on filling the pages of his novel with sexual conversations and insults, and this is very repulsive. I am not against employing sex in literary work as an essential driver of human feelings, but this employment should be constructive that serves the work, not just a worthless filling, most of the sexual references in the novel came as a filler.
Not sweet
I finished reading it and reading its first part ... My disappointment was not as great as I expected ... the author praises the beauty of her style and the smoothness of her writing.
It was a negative experience. I just like the design. Unless I like the bad service from the staff from the receptionist to the Indian who is standing outside as they are very disrespectful and don&#39;t know how to treat guests
disappointing. Not crowded. A very very normal hotel / the pictures are totally unrealistic,
I regret that I acquired it and lost my time reading it. The story has no purpose, no lesson, no learning of situations. Nothing noteworthy . Exposed to things. It is originally found in the religion of Christians. And it is forbidden to delve into Islam. It contains a statement of expressions, words and cases. Very ugly if we mention it by allusion. So how if you mention it explicit as it is in the book. the novel . I do not recommend owning it. From my experience and this is my personal opinion about it ..
My evaluation of children&#39;s stories relies on my opinion that children will address them at an early age, and this is one of the stories that I will not give to a child. It is, and if it tries to build values directly, it demolishes others indirectly. Unfortunately, this is always the character of children&#39;s stories.
هه هه هه هه هه ه ه غ a stupid smile that was getting bigger little by little as I browsed the story: Thank you, Walid Taher. I needed such a smile on a heavy morning. Maybe I would stop thinking of visiting a psychiatrist. Maybe I would get a basket full of cats and then sadness wouldn&#39;t be able to crouch on my chest suddenly, like when it dies.
First and last visit. Really nothing except the somewhat helpful Turkish hotel manager. Reception staff treated them worse than bad, rare or almost no parking lots, insects everywhere, even in a water boiler and poor hygiene in a wasted manner. The TV was disorganized for the duration of my residential period of two days. It was one of the worst hotels that I visited and the last visit, God willing. Start
Pitch him. . Treat the receptionist very, very tired. Disturbed P corridors
She became famous because Al-Manfalouti translated it only ... really. One who loves his neighbor and their social circumstances are not commensurate, and the events are highly anticipated. Indian films are meant to mean everything the word means ...... you don&#39;t deserve to read at the time of it: /
I don’t know if he even deserves this star ..
Weak. nothing. Exaggerated price with lack of services, lack of sophistication in dealing and lack of credibility, I booked an early room and put me in the basement, as well as inconvenience in the corridors and door knocking at departure
Weak. I didn&#39;t like anything. Very bad and inconvenient place
Bad and bad hotel. Proximity to the sanctuary. The receptionist says that I am not obliged to answer you. The room service employee asked him for a quilt for the bed. He said Absher and Watan, the hotel’s supervisor, Mr. Maher, after he gave me an alternate room for the reserved room, because they leased my room to another person. I went up to the room and found it with two beds.
I wanted her village .. Ahmad Murad, so he answered the last one with me:
The first reading of his slave is empty, exhausted me at the beginning, I left it a lot to complete it later ... as it was surrounded by darkness and depression in a fatal manner, but it is distinctive.
What is remarkable and the thing that keeps jumping to my mind after reading every page of this book is how to continue a country that does not have a common cultural unit or a strong historical background and that you can collect its papers after each storm blowing it with this speed and craftsmanship, although it is divided politically inside and Culturally, while we are the neighboring countries, we are still languishing under old historical divisions, unable to achieve a clear and real identity. This is with regard to the attention .. As for Golda Meir, how can she, after admitting that she does not remember from her early childhood years, only feel her fear, but to live fear, cultivate fear, export fear, embrace fear and embrace it in its policy and entire life.
A very long and ridiculous novel by Al-Fadhi, which does not have any of the worst readings
The worst hotel in all respects. . The reservation does not match the photos on the site, and giving guests the smallest room. The location of the hotel is unknown. The treatment of the reception staff is very bad.
Change is a requirement for those who can extract themselves from the pain of unity. Elena also tried at the end of the novel to change her house and shape. Perhaps you find in it a way out of what you suffer .. The first part of the novel is very boring. As for the second, the features of the story became clear .. I only added a star to that positive shift. Which Elena decided at the end of the novel
Perhaps you misread the timing of reading. Immediately after the king of the lamps
Branch location: Dammam Eating cleanliness: / Cleanliness of the place: / Taste: / Eased food: / Prices: / Place size: / Families: / Young people: / Air conditioners: / Speed of fulfillment: / Overall rating: /
Horrifying is the fear that you don&#39;t even have the right to confront or escape
Let there always be a book next to your bed waiting for you to read it .. This simple phrase alone was enough for me to read this book..Rattian is a distinguished writer who can manipulate letters and flip phrases as he likes in an interesting manner. The set of wills is full of beauty, although I do not like to read books that contain recasted / consumed short phrases, but I took it as a separation between the fat books. This book is beautiful ornate phrases ?.
Of course, the commandments are good, but frankly I don&#39;t read that I read a book that was just for me, a group of Facebook posts combined, some of which were very different from the Word file, I wanted to collect quotes or quotations that I like
A light and delicious book. I saw the cat in her eye. Cats know what needs we don&#39;t know. He died of laughter and died. Although it was a joke, I did not like it. You have my love and my poverty and my waste and installments. My degradation and frustration with my salary is not enough. Give me my evidence. And my broken eyes Adam my children from the poverty of hands. And .... my heart
Very weak. . Honestly and scratched cockroaches
The hotel never rises to be five stars. . The room is clear in that it is very old like wounds on wood and the ground has stains and the bed is old and consumed and this is evident in the decline on both sides the bathroom is also very old and you find lime clear in it in addition to that the bathtub is almost clogged and also the washroom as for the toilet has traces of burns like extinguishing cigarettes the staff In all the hotel he does not know the smile and the room service asked them for mint only, so he told me immediately that the request goes out with them for riyals and when the employee came he was frighteningly scary and asked me the amount of cash, except for the housekeeping staff only, it was nice, the breakfast food was bad there was no service at all So little that it is not You obey your service, neither with satisfaction nor quickly, and the tables are not cleaned after those are finished well and the dishes are collected violently and with a disturbing voice. It was not clarified in advance that the check-in was after noon, although I requested an early login
Weak. The location is good. The internet is very bad
My first reading to Abdullah Al-Mughlouth, and I chose this book because of the weirdness of its name, where I wanted to read a book by a writer .. The book includes some articles that push on optimism, and frankly I have not read articles like this five years ago, where I completely abandoned this method .. some The articles contain good ideas, but as a whole they do not rise to the level of a book.
One of the worst hotels. . Cleanliness is very poor and the reception is also there is an employee with an Indian incentive name who never smiles I would never recommend this hotel
Weak. Location. The bathroom ... hospitality
Absolutely cheerful, but dark
The booklet is very small. And his information is scanty. .
Even if the allegation is false or false, if the writer’s mind guided it, the speech would be composed. The country walks along the length of this device.
I felt that the writer would refuse ... a collection of personal tales that did not rise to the point of a book:
A bird on the tree is better than ten in the hand.
I finished the novel, and I did not realize exactly who you are talking about, whether it was about Maria, or about the Nabataeans who came out of the novel and did not know anything about their history or their origins, or did the novel talk about the historical era before the Islamic conquest of Egypt and what was mentioned about it was short after lengthening so the novel did not start with me except in the middle Second life. Unfortunately, the novel ended while I thought it would start with a return to Egypt and describe the case of Egypt in that period .. But Dr. Yusef Zaidan mentions his wonderful literary style and linguistic ability that entices you and forces you to finish the novel despite all of that
Despite the truth of Kafka&#39;s literature and his magical world, dog investigations were a shocking work for me .. It is not Kafka who writes with such naivety .. Even the personal aura that he lived throughout the pages of work did not present Kafka&#39;s thought as it was presented in most of his works .. It is It is not Kafka&#39;s style, and I think that this work is exotic in his literature, unless he suffers from a state of necessity of writing and this case will not produce a special literature as Kafka produced .. Kafka in investigations of a dog simply was not delirious, he was only a writer .. Kafka fell from delirium to reality And the instinctiveness of the characters does not justify that fall.
The two stars of the idea and benefit, albeit simple, and the poison of the novel, which attracted me very much, but frankly, its sensuality is superficial, and the poor style provoked me. I completed it, and I know the end of it is that they all get one and the same is Osama himself, but it differed that they are one, but he is not Osama, but one is sitting in the lecture:. I don&#39;t know who I&#39;m smart and the novel is so superficial that I discover its end is as simple as that, and I&#39;m at the beginning? . And I think that it is the second option ... Also, why did he remain so popular in the idea of heaven in love that enters you in the forbidden, I think if I do a romantic novel in love, then you will remain the most beautiful pct. The least supposed to feel guilt after that? . Jealousy and suspicion have disappeared now from A towards visions, even though he was supposed to be jealous of his nature, when he himself was with G? . Although p was just one last time, because the first thing I saw was sorry in the word, they did everything forbidden and shameful even before they knew each other&#39;s names? . The end of underestimating the minds and simplifying the forbidden to enter into the situation that we need this? . Like his mama commits suicide because her husband is committed and committed .. Here I am really shocked. Of course, I’m wrong, I wish you, Professor Muhammad, if you read the review, you would discuss it with me at this time .. I saw a young, hilarious young man very happy with the novel and I want to try the crazy romance in which you planted in his unconscious mind, especially you and society, it is freedom, simplicity, and there is no problem. Certainly in a romance, let it be there and earn us the reward:
The book tells the experience of a man accompanying his sick brother. And his stories in London. I enjoyed reading the notes. The style is very smooth and simple. unconstrained
I could eat what I did
I didn&#39;t like that much. I did not enjoy morally nor even historically. Although the end was unexpected, she was wise. But I felt a lot of repetition of the hadiths stated. The character of love stories in the novel is somewhat boring and cool, and it is more than historical narration
I acquired this book because there is a lot of talk about it on social media .. Also because of the large number of editions and after reading it I was amazed at the large amount of praise that he got and I could not finish it. I did not like the style of the articles, and I found that the writer gives his advice as if they are confirmed scientific facts and not opinions that bear the right and wrong. I may be wrong about that, but this is how I felt.
The hotel is generally not good. . The size of the room is small and the beds are small and uncomfortable. There are no services at the hotel
Do you think the whole world, and I mean the whole world, including wind, seas, trees, mountains, fire, animals, houses, deserts, rains ..... ... You can now say etc. And so on, do you think that the whole world is a metaphor for something else?
It does not rise to be a star hotel, many of which may rise to the name of apartments. nothing ,,,,,. Disturbing cars on the street, and I was sleeping on the sidewalk, zero insulation in the windows, which is one of the conditions for one-star hotel, so, three stars, the bathroom was right for a bachelors apartment or a rest on the coast of cockroaches in the closet, and breakfast was found with cheese, eggs and shahi ,,,
Worst hotel. . The staff is very inconvenient and the reception is very poor
Riyadh. . Expensively not worthy
Very weak . The reception, good treatment, and responsiveness from Jeremy only. Everything is uncomfortable, the bed says King is individually attached to each other, the bathroom is bad, the towels are not clean, and the Internet
This is only prose text. I don’t know why his prints are so popular and is the emotional void doing this paralysis of thought. Star for the minute comment you consumed
A beautiful start, but I was bored in the half of the book because there was no point of conflict or evil to reflect the strengths and weaknesses of the hero, and then the novel takes a somewhat romantic path that I did not want in my opinion that the writer wasted nature and a place for his story that you can summarize in a line and half of its beginning to the end
I am proud to read Jamal Al Ghitani&#39;s books. But this novel is boring because of its repetition and narration. Sexual events are many that we are in a brothel and not hot. In the middle of the novel, Naguib Mahfouz&#39;s fatwa thought, but from the view of the two Ghitani the two will depend on ignorance, strength, and discipline. But what doubts me about this end is only Sheikh Attia outperforming the world and people are leaving me as you don&#39;t know I did not like the end of the ignorance victory over medicine
Book topics are good, but the style told by your fan
In fact, it is a bad story at all that tells the story of a disabled love story. The heroine is related to a sick person, and her love is also sick. Even the method of dialogue confuses the one who does not know what to tell when, to be honest, I continued reading so I know what the end is oh. But I was shocked from the end, but I evaluated a star because of some phrases. I like the linguistic structures and they are not many. But in a realistic aspect of the novel, which is the life of the Saudis abroad and their separation. About their Islamic reality. Where they live the life of the West with everything in it. Dropped from the values of Islamic identity lost. Perverted. A tired story
He differed with the author on some principles. But the intellectual philosophy that is not read between the lines is what guided me to the end of the novel.
Uncomfortable rooms due to the sounds of nightclubs. Breakfast system. The rooms where we were placed in the lower floors, the night club sounds, and the drum
Very weak. . The hotel smells bad
Bad hotel, the hotel is bad for whatever I was in. The service is bad, the food is a strong monster, the air conditioning in the room does not work, I called to get up, no one came, they told me the technical origin is busy now, I don’t know how four stars are, and the pool workers are strong. The operators of the microbus of the man, the driver, go to work for the first time and then take you to the beach.
I just finished the novel The Impossible by Saudi writer Ashraf al-Faqih. And the novel falls under the type of mystery horror. It comes in almost a chapter and a page. It is published by Dar Al-Athar. Initially, the plot of the novel that rotates in a time other than time and time other than time and society other than society attracts you. The writer tries to rewrite the myth that killed research, study, composition, acting and singing through a semi-eastern cover on it. Strengths. The writer possesses a smooth style, and there is no doubt that he was influenced by others, as we will present later, but his pen is still graceful. The novel deals with the legend from a new and uninhibited angle, as far as I know, which is the Ottoman angle. The beginning of the novel gives you hope for a promising novel in terms of the unfamiliar context and the unrepeated story. The disadvantages of the novel. The main character of the story is pathetic and not in a good way. As the writer tries to give him depth and keeps him away from the stereotypical shape of the Greek hero, he turns him into a weak, sick, shaky character. The plot, despite the writer&#39;s attempts, was transmitted in terms of its content from the horror films that were covered in the 1970s videos, whereby the trembling young priest replaced the main character with nothing more, nothing less. The writer&#39;s attempt to make surprises in the story is pathetic and futile, so any experienced person can expect the rest of the novel from Chapter Six at most. Based on the above, the novel is completely amusing and completing it requires perseverance and patience. The novelist Ashraf al-Faqih in expressions, description, and analysis of the events is a carbonized version of bad industrial carbon from a mixture of Nabil Farouk and Ahmed Khaled Tawfiq. He paints the events in Farouk&#39;s pure context and then recounts it in a way that Khaled Tawfiq Al-Bahahaa has. One of the features of the similarity with the aforementioned losers is that the novelist took a covenant upon himself and decided to have a teacher. The appearance of the female came quite contradictory and the writer&#39;s attempt to put this contradiction in the course of events made matters worse. The characters of the novel tend to be very hyperbolic and give long lectures on events. The flashback has no meaning in the novel and has no value, but came in contradiction with what the novel began with describing the feelings of the main character. The novel did not come as terrifying in describing horrific scenes, but rather it was boring, and the writer&#39;s failure to describe horror scenes should be studied. I give the novel. Of the five at best, I do not recommend it, neither for those with weak hearts nor for those with strong hearts
. the place. The bed
One of the worst hotels I stayed in. Thing. The cleanliness is non-existent ... My room was not cleaned for the duration of my stay. They called me two days before the cave, vowing to hand the key at noon. Then they sent me a written message if I did not hand over the key. The departure hour is postponed by only one hour until the pause comes out. I have the conviction that a certain nationality is suitable for the service facilities circuit.
disappointing. . The air conditioning is very poor and the facilities are poor and incomplete
= The sultans preacher is an attractive or thief&#39;s title, if it is true, the term does not have three links to the book ... It means in it a quarter concerned with religious preachers in general, and not only the sultans preacher ... The writer found some social analyzes and expressions in the beginnings and ends of the book only, which is his art
A first forty pages did not impress me at all to the point that I wanted to leave my reading of the book, but at the beginning of the letters of the mother, I stuck to the book and drawn me to it..a Moore&#39;s ambiguous and the myths of Isis or Ishtar in the era of Sumer and ancient Egypt and how he changed things from the worship of the female goddess to the memoire. I liked it and gave me a general idea here. A beautiful book for history lovers and legends
Carefree .. I was very excited about the book before I read it .. Mix horror, comic and movements .... I thought that it was different .. It is really very different .. Dress, no horror, no comic .. It is vulgar, not more ... and more often than usual .. Sweet is an atmosphere of simplicity..I express a feeling that the writer is sitting with you to tell you by himself..Simple and more than necessary so that anyone can write his uniform..not distinct at all..and the laughter is not very traditional .. in short, it describes a unique Egyptian case. It can be an amusing need. You don&#39;t read more with a little pulp on popcorn. But it is not valuable any kind.
disappointing. . Failure to observe upon check-in Not to give the guest alternatives to rooms until the required rooms are prepared Waiting long hours at the reception Customer service is very poor Not to switch bedsheets at the exit of the previous guest
A boring book full of exaggerations, I did not like it at all. The book also seems very superficial in the narration, and most of the stories in the book are expected.
disappointing. The hotel parking is available, safe and free. Despite my reservation of four rooms for more than two months, the rooms were not ready for delivery until seven o&#39;clock in the evening, until I contacted myself on the official in charge of cleaning and his request to provide rooms that were already empty at noon. There is no sound insulation between the rooms, so voices are heard The neighboring rooms with all their details. The furnishing of the rooms is old, and the flooring of the rooms and bathrooms is ceramics that are not appropriate for a five-star hotel. The speed of the internet is very weak. The bus stop is far from the sanctuary. It needs a quarter of an hour’s walk from King Abdulaziz door.
The book tells about the history of Egypt with a satirical glance. For me, it was fun
A few articles that have no link. I don&#39;t understand where Faraj Fouda&#39;s comprehensive view of secularism is. I used to read it in this book
Everything we asked for is sincere. I mean the whole menu is nothing but a fajita sandwich, and it tastes very normal and two types of salad. We took arugula, tomato, and very sweet cheese. The sandwich is real.
There is a need for the truth, like the asphalt, there is no way, no language, no original novel, a prejudiced book, in which the writer speaks in a very foolish way and its end works like one religious post writer and tells you if you do not press like you know that Satan has prevented you
not good . price. No parking
very bad . The rooms are treated by the staff. The Wi-Fi works and false excuses, I mean, every day they give you an excuse until the last day of your stay, and thus you will not have benefited from the natiton for you.
My evaluation does not relate to the writer, I respect Dr. Ali Al-Wardi a lot, but I specialize in the evaluation, the publishing house that defrauded and published an article that does not exceed five pages in the form of a book, so I announce my boycott of the Iraqi publishing house.
I would like to browse a book that I do not see its image in. She remains the most beautiful of all poetry. Those who know her inhabit his memory in a moment, and her memory is empty. If it had come in the Newton era, the law of gravity would be spoiled by it. The most beautiful adoration is not spoken by silence .. What is most beautiful when revealing ..... but when do you reveal? Shy cheeks rose fields ,, illuminate by visiting dusk:
Very weak. Nothing, very bad. Everything, I would not recommend visiting it
I see that the writer has a culture that authorizes her to write. But the events did not attract me ... according to me, I do not prefer that a female write about a man ... because the man&#39;s stiffness differs from the female. I see here that was raised and put some tenderness. On this character .... I prefer to lessen gossip or exaggerated description. In the novel
A really painful book, her writings, may God have mercy on her, were beautiful .. classy .. sad .. I wanted it if I had read it in a long time ago, my evaluation would have changed.
The book has a star..or less ... and I have five stars for my ability to finish it .... a book that is shockingly negative ...
Sentences that have meaning that transcend stamps
This series, most of it, is translated very weakly ... and the speech is not interconnected ... It would have been better than that too much if professional interpreters were used ... Loss: The series is beautiful, but the translation lost its value
I do not recommend it just arrived from the city, the hotel location is very good and you do not expect to receive star services or standards. The furniture is very dirty and old and the room service crew does almost nothing, the safe box is broken and the carpet is very dirty, the kettle does not work and the fridge does not cool. There was only room service staff during the night shift at such a mega hotel, so don&#39;t expect to get anything you ask for until after complaining to the office manager. I would not recommend Dar Al Iman at all, the hotel was very disappointing.
Article book .. I hate article books. The book collects the articles of the writer during the Egyptian revolution, January is beautiful, but I do not like the essay books and I have reservations about them
A silly and stupid story that is not appropriate because it is called a novel in which I wasted a time that I would have used to do something more useful and to benefit me. I did not like ...
One of the worst things I&#39;ve read to Naguib Mahfouz so far
I did not repeat it again. The bed is comfortable. Breakfast is very bad
Featured site. The location is great near Salah El-Din metro station. I asked that my room be in the upper floors. I was surprised. They put me in the second floor and the night club in the first floor. This caused me a lot of inconvenience.
The title attracted me first, it was fun, the rest is boring, and I did not understand anything from it .. And the translation is also bad, spoiled the book .. Frankly, I did not understand anything but the book
. I did not like anything. His level says about the last visit. The internet is poorly clean, the staff is not helpful, the food is not varied, and the price is expensive
It took a long time for me to live in the story. I felt that there was a lot of haze for the first time. Unfortunately, the first thing that entered the story atmosphere at the end, I expected the end of it more
I have a book from a very long time .. I read the first half and stopped for a while. I went back and completed it and I finished it, hoping that at the same time I would benefit at least one thing and what I did not benefit .. There is little benefit. There is no sentence or line that you can take with you somewhere. A personal book in the first place, the positions of which the author was exposed, and it is presented in various forms ... modern sideboards
Very weak. . I wouldn’t advise someone to go. They begged the reservation without telling us. They sold our rooms to anyone else. Imagine.
Manipulation of words and verbal elaboration dispersed the true meaning and content of the novel.
Hotel is less than usual. Nothing like it, but some services are acceptable. The hotel restaurant is bad especially breakfast. Congestion at the hotel.
It seems to me that I did not quite understand it well, but I liked its different outlook on many subjects.
Sweet at first after this, the filling starts and a little tangled talk is necessary:
Weak. . The photos of the hotel on site are different from reality. The room smells and the hotel is not good. Disturbed at night. The bed is not comfortable.
I just liked the style
The brutality of humans and part of the reality of peoples and souls is exaggerated in an exaggerated way. The writer reflected the invisible forces with the ability of the jinn to the impossible of humans and mobilize the vision of what we do not have the ability to. To walk us .... If a person becomes lost from his god, then the fungus is obligatory to march towards him, and hunger does not analyze eating human flesh .. Praise be to God for the blessing of Islam.
A wonderful book, but I fault him for two things: not to produce the hadiths, and elaborate it in places worthy of abbreviation and abbreviation in places that may need more clarification.
Not useful for a weekend trip. . There are no services at all and the hotel is very bad. The pool is too small for the preparation of tourists. Imagine we asked for towels on the pool for two days. Not available. We asked for an extra bed. Not available.
Religion is the opium of peoples. If knowledge entered the door, the myth escaped the window. For all patients, they need real medication. I advise them to read it. Man confused between science and superstition. Dr. Abdul Mohsen Saleh. And social backwardness. Dr. Mustafa Hegazy. But before treatment should be. The human being has the ability to heal and resolve. And bravery. Note: The miracle is that we made it, and we enjoy it. As the drug we know its harms and the extent of its hallucination. But we palatable to escape and pleasure
A narration of its beginning is weak, weak, and the idea and sincerity, even if we say that it is not required for narrators that it keeps realistic, but at least it is required of him to give charity .. I don&#39;t know, let us live with him with what he spared, and responded in the way that he let us adore her like what the boy loved and loved We describe his life, the coherence of the novel, as it is not sweet and not logical and not complete, what was described in the way or by the method that keeps you sticking to the book and I do not want to give it up, the novel is not sweet and we can consider it random as well, so dealing with the characteristics, people and even events. It is the truth that brings irrationality, repetition, boredom, frustration, need, and their group together. I was very disappointed because the first thing in his village was Qamar Ali Samarkand and I expected that his writings would remain of the same beauty
Not worth reading.
A novel that does not carry much of its name, you can imagine something, but after reading it it will be something else. A mysterious black boring novel that dispersed the reader at its beginning. Imagine some of the downsides of our society. I do not like the blackness in it, but its end is beautiful
Really terrible, could have done more stars or more. At first, hold your breath and make you want to reach the other in any way. Of course, far from the poor condition of Yahya, who understands, is how I live without my time, nor how dulled the feelings are, why not? We need to know the details of every cigarette wrapped, every cup he drank, and every gambling game. Really attracted me, but I could not sympathize with Yahya. My soul used to help Sharif and save him from what he was in. I liked his description of the world of isthmus, very very beyond imagination. The work is generally coherent. It was all so much that he doubted himself and swallowed up another blue elephant. And he knew the story of Al-Mamoun. After that? After that, a cheap Indian movie and complete frustration and separation. Khalani Maktoosh, this review was not published after more than a week. that&#39;s it. The adequacy of two stars
It is not appropriate for the Noble Sanctuary and does not fit with prices. nothing. Everything from reception until departure
I never recommend it and I will not repeat it. There is no hot air conditioner, the reception is poor and it takes cash money before housing, so the customer catches because he knows that the rooms are not like anyone. Never recommend it
Not sweet, boring, admired, and appreciated
I did not enjoy the book, its events are slow, its language is not attractive, and I do not like it
The book has no new idea, as if it were a brief account of our events in the past, if I had heard it from an elderly person than to waste time reading the book. It is clear that the writer is biased and taking a path against the men of the commission. And of course the literary style in the book is zero, meaning literary rhetoric. The fair thing that I found in the book is to quote other people&#39;s sayings only
Trick and delusion, delay in entering the rooms, delivery of the rooms is not clean, so I went out on the street and called the cleaning official to do the cleaning while I was there. Outside and not in the direction of the sink, the restaurant at dinner is open buffet, but very very poor. The items are limited and the chef is holding the meat hold until the guests are prevented from taking food by increasing the employees of the restaurant who are not respectful or qualified to deal with guests, the last of them serving on bean cars, especially the restaurant manager swimming pools without T Sakin, the water is very cold, and the argument is that heating in January only, towels on swimming pools and the sea are old and worn out in a way that chills the body using the beach without security personnel. I submitted a complaint to the alternate manager on / / Hani Bagdagi without success because it is a local company and not global. I am sorry for going to this place. Thank God for not buying me in Porto resorts.
If the past returns to you to disturb your present. Smile at him for that ridiculous smile ... and leave
Another short novel. But in general the narration is very good. I will not rest until I read it in full, God willing.
Weak. . Bad situations. The room smells not good, and the mattresses are uncomfortable as well, according to the staff at reception
It is very clear that the novel was written at the beginning, that is, before the Islamic orientation .. The novel is simple in its romance in its dialogue and in its narration ... Its style is simple and concise and this fits me and made me finish it in a very short time ..
Frustration, by God. Its location is just nothing. The level of the hotel and its cleanliness, where the towels are dark color, luggage, and pillows are all bad type, the curtains do not isolate the light, and the air conditioning of the main room is annoying, only air is shed on the bed, there is no soundproofing, and the view requested by the sea, but it was only in the master bedroom, while the balcony had partial views of the sea and unimpressive views. The reception location in the parking lots and all hotel facilities were hot and unclean
A book name proposer is a very, very smart person. The majority bought it in admiration of the dynamic title, its content is very ordinary.
The series is better ...
It happens that you are invited to a party that everyone praises as the most wonderful party ever ... from the beginning you discover that it is very cliche and not the size of the description that you have heard .... but you stand in front of two options either to withdraw or press yourself to wait for the surprise that may tip the scales and Your opinion changed in the end ... the party ends and your opinion is the same, but your good luck cries the misfortune that led you to this miserable party ... exactly this is what happened to me with the perfume novel .... it is the worst novel in the history of my life
I heard about this novel a lot before reading it. When her village is not well deserved, all this resonates. Its style was so interesting that I was running in the lines and not its villages. Forget about dot com a lot better
The most trivial thing I read. Not worth criticism or evaluation
The rhetorical language is excellent and deserves more than one star, but the content of the novel I did not like is like a teenage diary, but it suffices for it from what I wrote that her pen deserves appreciation ... As a novel, it is incomplete elements. More
It looked nice, but after a while it became boring and scandalous. I did not like it
On the authority of Anas, may God be pleased with him, he said: The Messenger of God, may God’s prayers and peace be upon him, said: There was no obscenity in anything but his affair, and modesty was in nothing except adultery.
The days of Souda Allah did not repeat it
Uncomfortable and unhealthy. The service is good and fast. Reservation is not in agreement
Try another reading for dr. Unfortunately Imad Zaki ... I could not complete the novel.
I read it as a detective novel. But it was never interesting. For example, Agatha Christie&#39;s novels are never compared. Overly boring details. Even events and personalities are normal. I did not find any interest in it
It has been customary that the third part of the trilogy is the best .. I think the location of this book as a third part has not been in its favor this time. The first part in particular and the second one were so amazing that it did not allow me to enjoy this book and judge it as a separate book but rather compared to its predecessors .. Perhaps for this reason I could not make a positive impression when I finished it .. Or maybe my feeling is that it is a duplicate or it is a modified version of the stories I passed from Before. When you embark on a story, you predict what the situation will end up, and if your imagination is beyond the written end, the stories are very similar to the events of other stories from the first parts, but are less interesting ... only a change in the content, not the idea ... and the end is free of enthusiasm .. and the confusion that we are used to. Dr. Ahmed .. Sometimes the story is interesting, but its end is not satisfactory. In my opinion, the interview is the best hut in Lerge
disappointing. . Furniture is used and bed linen is defective due to excessive washing
disappointing. . What I did not like about your service is my confirmation of my reservation, loss, and increased payment has not been confirmed, and I contacted your employees and served them bad and bad because they did not contact me.
O God . I hardly like anything in the recent period. All of my choices are wrong. Of course, a novel that you had for me was beginning with me like many on the internet about ten years ago. Perhaps, like everyone else, I did not know its end .. And I decided to know it now and see what is the secret of our attraction to it in What went on .. I can summarize the story in this dialogue: Walid: Who did what, please? I will kill him, I will destroy him. Raghad: I want my mother, I want my father. Then they lived in Tibet and a plant ... an abnormal hysteria in the novel. Who could endure this stupidity and this madness? Raghad behaves like a girl in the third and Walid behaves like a jungle man .. The bulk of the story from its beginning to its end is summed up in Walid&#39;s desire to spoil Raghad and her desire to show it to him .. the end of absurdity.
Dubai. The room looks relatively.
Some of her words are wonderful and expressive ... but some prefer
I wish I hadn&#39;t read it
I liked the character of the owner of the anthem, and she was the one who used to make me separate from laughter
Horrendous nausea
Very weak. Carrefour beside the lobby. Pictures of the show: hoax / bad smell / messy nuisance / less hygiene than necessary / no parking available / The hotel needs repair /
I didn&#39;t feel like I could sense it through its lines. Perhaps because the nature of the characters is different from the real ... I don&#39;t know, I came out of them in separate sentences and not a case as is the custom of the novels that I like ... Maybe it was a different kind but it didn&#39;t impress me as expected
Frankly, I didn’t. Its events are unexpected. But the end is unexpected for me and the need that I liked
Very weak. nothing. There is no internet. There is no restaurant. There is a smell in you. I thought it was like before, but I discovered that it is a hotel for Asians only, because most of the visitors are a two-month system.
I tried to persuade myself a lot while reading that this story is pure fiction and has nothing to do with the cave girl mentioned in the Book of God. But I failed ... I failed, as I always fail to try to accept any literary work that contradicts God&#39;s words. The pen of the wise is adept, undoubtedly, a distinguished and distinguished writer, but when he clashes with the word of God, neither the wise nor his pen was ... we lacked you the news of the truth that they were young, believed in their Lord, increased them guidance, and bound us to their hearts when they rose up and said: Our Lord, the Lord of the heavens and the earth, we will not call without him God, we have said If these people abolished our people, they would have taken gods without him, without them having authority over them. Who is the darkest of those who slandered God as a lie? Perhaps someone will come to say this is a completely fictional story. Al-Hakim used real events and wrote their details based on his imagination and has nothing to do with the cave boy in the Qur&#39;an. And I will say: Is the wise head narrowed in imagination to take a story from the Qur&#39;an to wear a new suit? . And how it has nothing to do with what was mentioned in the Qur&#39;an. Are there others ... are there other boys. God hit them sleep three hundred years ??. Was there a cave in the Raqim other than the cave of the boys who believed in their Lord and said to our Lord, the Lord of the heavens and the earth, without whom we will not call a god ??. They became, by the Wise, the servants of Christ and the Cross. Not to mention the amount of naive dialogues in the play and the stupidity of the heroes in most of the events. Bad .. very bad
I do not recommend it. Location. The sandwiches had a crowd waiting for a quarter of an hour, so I asked for Magapu towels, so the room was tight.
Bad hotel. I do not like anything. Bad hotel and the amount of daily the hotel deserves in exchange for the services because there is no adequate services and reception
Be you for you. There are beautiful ideas in the book surrounded by stinking messages based on love and illegal practice ... What I regret, dreams, is your style that is lost
You can do it better the hotel didn&#39;t like it. I was transferred to a luxurious suite, a waste of money. The shower head did not work well as he sprayed water on the curtains, which drenched the floor. As a positive point for the hotel, this was immediately fixed. In general, the hotel is dirty, smelly and old, and also not nice. Breakfast was bad.
If Briel, you will not live. To be honest, there is nothing I like to be honest. Qasim Bellah Hotel, and Briel Yakhwan, advice to see others
A sense that the book is dark, the image is actually, society is underdeveloped, and I am more than one fair woman, but it does not look like the author’s description, but Cairo is not rural. The book actually discussed almost all the problems of women in underdeveloped societies. ..... The book’s defect is that in many cases, it mentioned ignorance, backwardness and poverty, and did not mention the most important reason, which is the weakness of religious faith in society, and that if there is no Islam and Islamic education, it will not remain in all these problems. Her home is her kingdom and she is required to be educated and educated because Dr. Rhea most important work .dorha rearing children bacterium and the creation of man, and I think de most important work of the bacterium
Closed a year ago due to its danger to the health of society. Its workers are Yemeni. They were putting fat that was not suitable for human use and eating them answering bone cancer.
Delayed entry and indifference to the guest. View of the hotel. Delayed entry despite our late arrival at evening, and the reason was that the room was not ready despite the exit of the guest who accepted us purified .. I asked them for an extra blanket every time the reception says momentarily and you have not arrived, I asked them to clean the room more than once and the student was not satisfied in short The hotel is beautiful but poor management including reception and cleanliness
The sixth slave has reached the watershed, and I will suffice to this extent until now, not convinced that philosophy precedes religion.
You rate zero this hotel. There is no. There is no water in the staff bathroom
Bad staff. . The level of the work team is very bad, and I did not find a manager with whom you can talk to. You do not get the service unless you asked for it several times. And so on ..
A very C hotel. Its price is only free wifi. The lack of cleanliness of the rooms, the room card broken four times, the lack of politeness of the reception staff, the delay in check-in procedures, the difficulty in reaching the hotel, the bathroom washbasin failure, I would never recommend it
Weak. A barrier with breakfast and the hotel is not breakfast. I mean breakfast without real breakfast, and with breakfast, I surprised Jaeben for me, triangular cheese beads, butter, and tomato.
Very weak. . The place is dirty
Very C hotel. . Expensive, not clean
The book that the snail dies will be paralyzed and associated with Hasret:. The star, but because of the writer’s style, really sophisticated similes and rhetoric, and is the only good need in the book, other than that. Love is a very beautiful thing. We don&#39;t say anything .. but it is not so much that it gives one to say words that anger our Lord and convey to the point of sanctification, and the writer said it himself. Book hard. Yala ..... our Lord guides
uncomfortable . . Cleanliness is poor and the furniture is old
The material of the book is very good, but its style is boring in an indescribable manner, luxurious phrases and a highly artificial literary style, I felt that it was not convincing and untouched. the heart
Bad reception and poor handling. Proximity to the sanctuary. Reception is less than bad by the hour. Noon while I was at reception, and I did not receive the room except with Morocco, if there is any disregard for the clients
Weak. Location only. Disturbance
The book is frankly disappointing, the scientific material in the book is insignificant and does not adequately support the title. I finished it in less than an hour. Many blank pages because of a huge title at the beginning. I felt that I was browsing a magazine, not a book. If Paul wanted to think the other way around, he understood. It is the whole idea without clearly communicating it to us. He did not give me the strong boost that I thought when I bought him that I will get it. Despite that, I liked some pictures that I had not seen before, as I liked some quotes, but it is a book that does not deserve its price anyway.
When the writer asks the readers not to divulge rulings and stop seeing the universe from either white or black perspective, then she begins to tell the story of a girl who has suffered what happened to her until she loves to mate with the dead bodies .. You will ask in the decision of yourself, does the writer ask you to judge a thug That he is a disorder just because we know that there are reasons that made him disordered. I understand that the writer did not want me to disgust me of her heroine and hate all this sick imagination .. In my opinion, any writer roaming the worlds in his imagination made it of his own will and taste, so what taste and wit will bring out this novel that is steeped in the darkness away from any other imagination. The writer succeeded in making me doubt her psychological balance just like the filmmakers.
The star is for the cover only. As for the rest, it is very far from any stars. .... I don&#39;t know why the novel took this fame and gossip despite all its surface as a story, as a language, and as an expression.
Food: Mob is bad, but there is no distinction, very ordinary. Price: overly ugly
His poems are beautiful and he has an easy language. But with some reservations:
A book is good. He speaks and gives you a summary of the Inquisition, which used to torture anyone other than the Catholic religion and compel them to Christianize, and after their Christianization they are monitored by spies for the reason that sometimes the wife informs of her husband even if they do anything that they suspect of being apostatized from Christianity. Such as not eating pork, not drinking wine and circumcision, naming children in Arabic, or even if we sing an Arabic song, then he will be imprisoned, tortured, and burned .. Even after their Christianization, they are treated with the worst treatment and sometimes they are exiled outside the country. The most influential thing is the testimony of the French officer when he stormed the Inspection Bureau in Portugal and found torture machines such as the bone-breaking machine and the tongue-telling machine and the tearing of the breasts of women by iron clamps ... In the first part of the book is a brief for opening Andalusia until its fall and the strange thing is that you notice that the fall of Andalusia and separated the country Until the sects became weak, he began to dispute the rule to the extent that the brother cooperated with the enemy until he took control of his brother. Unfortunately, this is what made the Muslims lose Andalusia ... until the fall of the caliphate. But I did not like the book for several points. First: He mentioned only a few sources from which he was quoted. In most of the book, the writer says it is said that the number of victims is such and it is said that the king said such .... Who then says? . This is a history book and not a novel .... Secondly: the writer&#39;s style and his cutting of events feel as if the book is grouped articles and not a narration linked together.
There is no love, without comment, explanation, or justification .. What is between me and Kimia
It talks about most of the questions I was asking myself when I lived in Saudi Arabia ... Thank God I left this country ... even though I loved it when I was young, but when I went out I realized that I was wrong. The idea is impressive, but the discourse is boring, and the style of talking about the characters has no role other than filling the story. Damn citizenship again .... and damn the inferior sponsorship system ...
The city hotel Harmony is disappointing. The buffet is a bit good. The management is substandard. Reservations for the Bukking site are not concerned. There are delays in reservations. There are no standing orders. The room is very old, wooden decorations, rusting, clear in the corners of the bathroom. The mold is clear in the corners of the browning. Dirty and small TV in the room in addition to its distance from the campus
The idea is very good, but unfortunately, I did not feel the spirituality of a personal peace. The idea of the novel is bigger and deeper than the writer’s language in the novel.
She started with her cows
The book contains almost a thousand pages, which is why I could not read it all, but rather I was satisfied with the topics that concern me. I think that this book is necessary to be present in every home .. The book spoke about many jurisprudential rulings and spoke about the Messenger, may God bless him and grant him peace, in his dealings with others and his methods of life initially. The problem with the book is that in the beginning it talks about the Messenger as a social figure, educated individually, but after that he begins to talk about Islamic wars and their results, away from any other topics. So, if you want to read about Islam as a historical path, read it. But if you want to read about Islam and learn more about the character of the Messenger, I have heard that Hanan Al-Lahham&#39;s book: Social Change ... is the best.
disappointing. . Reservation procedures staff
Unacceptable . . The interior design of the hotel and rooms is very poor, and the insulation is worse
Before the review, I was very surprised at how many five-star the novel took me to the point where I suspected that I had read the same novel ... because I am a real blackmailer, there are no ideas that are too boring and I definitely do not recommend it. Negi remained for the novel, yes, what is required of us is what is required of us, the heroine has a strange character, and may God grant her livelihood to all the educators in her life and an Indian movie on the patient and her sister who got lost And the heroine must pass years. In the end, it is a very superficial novel. I did not like
A classy, excellent, clean accommodation and a higher level of classification. Everything is perfect. Only the restaurant is very close to the main entrance and uncovered limited parking spaces
disappointing. Hotel location only. The service is completely unsatisfactory
Very weak. The apartment is clean and spacious. Apartment view ... with the reservation writers on the panoramic view of Dubai Marina, but it was not overlooking because the architecture is located in the back and the price is very large and other than this they booked with money so the card and took the cash after
The memory of the body became a body without a memory. The memory of the body is the novel of the era as they called it .. This novel, which received unparalleled success in the Arab world because of its importance and sophistication in everything until the last moment and before its portrayal as a series was still vibrant with brilliance and success ..But all of that soon vanished after watching the series in which all the thoughts, passion, and joy that we lived, sensed, and imagined through the characters that were living on paper during our reading of the novel fell ... memory became without a body, and the body lost its memory by losing features The novel .. This is how the Memory of the Body series, unfortunately, became a spiritless body Feeling and feeling, a cold body like ice and a memory that lost its memory in the middle of a lot of boring dialogue and some of it is illogical and misplaced phrases through the talk of the characters, and a mix between the Arabic language and the current language and the French language, absent the events that drive the story and plot that increase In suspicious, tense, and forcing the viewer to follow, as happens in other famous Arab and Western stories that contain the most important foundations and rules for the screenwriter to follow its steps carefully and not to ignore or forget any point or item of its clauses to come up with a strong, coherent and interesting scenario. But what we noticed was the exact opposite in the memory of the body and what happened degraded The value of the novel and revealed its level of sophistication to the boring and frigid despite the wonderful ideas contained in the story and the important and heroic lines that followed it .. But the weakness of the scenario and its dependence on the murderous and boring dialogue that eliminates any story and whatever its magnificence and success, the weak scenario Stifling all those high-end ideas and culture, which made the series a spoken novel, only through which the heroes were poured into a rigid and stagnant path, one direction, free of moving and interesting events ... and the writer&#39;s mistake that she did not know what to write? What do you choose and what do you leave from the novel The dramatic writer did not depart from the writer&#39;s novel robes and has transmitted most of the dialogue that was written in the novel in a pure literary style and this is the biggest mistake the drama writer made which made us see the series in the form of a novel not a real drama you watch, there is a big difference Between the literary writer and the dramatic writer, both of them develop their own ideas and style, neither the novel resembles the scenario nor the script resembles the novel. The novel is written in a literary stylized manner in which the writer chooses certain literary phrases and words, while the cinematic or dramatic writer is obliged to use the image and movement and The sound is on it For those verbal and descriptive pages to live animated pictures .. Creativity has no restrictions, the writer can delete and add what he may see and feel appropriate to serve his artistic love and serve his dramatic or cinematic story of course with respect and preservation of the sequence of events and their logic, he says The great writer Naguib Mahfouz The conversion of the literary work to a cinema means that it now expresses the film makers and their ideas, not his ideas. That is, the dramatic writer does not have to adhere to the literary writer and follow his story carefully, but for him to use whatever expressive ideas and images that are in the context of cinematic or dramatic work that serves this artistic work .. the series has become a pure novel devoid of the spirit of drama And dramatic writing, did not contain any new idea and did not carry what exceeded the expectations of the viewer, where the story focused on the character only, which made it tend towards boredom rather than developing a specific event according to complex personalities at the same time and such stories are the ones that are successful about the stories that depend On the character alone or the stories that depend on the event alone AD When it happened with the memory of the body, the two elements together are considered essential and very important for obtaining a strong, coherent, deep and enjoyable scenario, gentlemen .. Also, the external motive in the story is very weak and he who seeks to achieve the hero and for him is exposed to several problems, while the heroine is life She had no clear motive in front of her, but was mysterious and vague, just as her personality was characterized by ambiguity, her feelings and unjustified emotions in many times and her lack of mastery of the art of nodding well due to her lack of craftsmanship in the field of acting, and the same thing with the hero, Khaled, who collapsed before our eyes Historical and a thing of the past is not mentioned It is clear that the internal motive also did not become clear to us either through the present or through the flashback, i.e. a return to the past as well, the internal motivation is almost invisible and unclear to the viewer and he has not revealed any idea of the character And therefore her survival is an opaque, unclear character ?? The external and internal motivation this corresponds to that .. Although the internal motivation is important, it shows the personality and the idea, but it is moving in a limited and slow way, opposite to the external motive that depends on the exciting movement that attracts the viewer and spectator, so the scenario depends on it and is considered the main pillar for it and The backbone as well .. The problem of mixing and commuting between languages. The author used the Arabic language, the Algerian dialect, and the French language, which caused some dispersion among the viewer, as it is not appropriate and something that is not acceptable nor is it logical. She could have sufficed only in Arabic and French. Logically more ... the series did not give a Sufficient information that serves the characters and heroes and put the scenes in the right way to follow the events in a sequence and understandably and to draw clear pictures of the heroes, but the writer focused clearly on the dialogue and by any percentage exceeded alone in the terrible boring, which made the rings resemble each other because they are free of moving and exciting events that It pushes the story forward, but rather puts it in the circle of boredom and stagnation .. In addition to many of the mistakes that the story contained through some of the words that were used in an illogical, improper and inappropriate way, and the dress of female characters in general and the heroine in particular, who does not die Eighties onion, but is approaching The sixties and seventies more, and there are some clothes that they used from this time i.e. the two thousand .. Keeping the viewer and spectators very confused for many situations that many scenes carried and whose reasons are due to errors in the output Example: We do not know what we call Is it a problem or Inability? Or forgotten by the director Najdat Anzur Al-Kabir ?? In separating and linking two times, the flashback, that is, going back to reality and the present during the many fantasies of the hero C Khaled, which made us not know if the hero is in a state of imagination or is he actually a living reality that happens then? This is a fatal mistake committed by a major director such as Necdet Anzour ... using most of the non-Algerian actors, making the story free of the Algerian spirit and a feeling of alienation and a sense of loss of identity somewhat .. despite the professionalism of some of the Syrian brothers and sisters, but the basis of the story is purely Algerian and will not succeed Except for Algerian personalities, not only focus on the heroine being Algerian, the hero is also an Algerian, and the rest of the characters are memory of the body, despite the success achieved as a novel that has become something incomprehensible today for many segments of society, such narrations are not read and understood only by the educated and educated class only while the series He is It is directed at all groups and segments in the Arab world, which differ from one country to another and from one person to another, neither the merchant thinks like a mechanic nor the doctor thinks like a carpenter or illiterate thinks like a writer and a poet and the writer The story contains cultural literary political dimensions directed to a specific class of society which is the class Cultured, but unfortunately this time was presented to us in the form of a series and also as a novel in which it retained the same dress, features and concepts, whether through style, words, phrases, and even streamlining, it took the form of the novel, not graphic or written drama .. We may blame the writer for the drama and for many reasons not necessary To mention it and we may blame any Z the director Necdet Anzour, to extract the memory of the body from her actual body and transplant it to a fake body that led her to death, unfortunately, and perhaps also because of the writer&#39;s dreams, Mostaghanemi&#39;s experience in the TV drama field, which requires great experience, accuracy and tracking in order to avoid such gross errors and serious problems that may You end up with a march of great personalities in the artistic community in general, and this is what we do not wish for our kind, sweet writer, Ahlam Mostaghanemi, nevertheless, our great hope, Ahlam Algeria, that you do not rush to portray any other novel in the future and that you wait and study every step before doing this and that your choice falls on People breathe c Air and they live so that they provide and Iqdmonak are befitting you dumb an integral part of which is part of the spring in us .. My sincere greetings to you and Tbakan always were at the top no matter what happens oh .. free from writer and scriptwriter and poet and painter Algerian
Is this novel really won the Booker ????. A boring novel stacked with stuffing and idle talk and political information, with the introduction of many sexual clips that are less suitable for a pornographic movie, not a novel.
Very weak. . Allocate to me a chalet that is about a car away from the car park, and there is no hotel. Absolutely suitable for families, not to mention completely unsatisfactory service
Shocking third degree worse even than the lowest Indian standards. There are four bars of Mugra in the hotel, and all possible types of the worst people enter the night to see Mugra. You can only sleep after evening, when it stops mugging. There is no ironing machine or hair dryer in the rooms. Cockroaches move freely. Just do not go there
the legend. I read to Dr. Ghazi the first thing that I read in high school, and this means at best for more than ten years, that day his books were forbidden in Saudi Arabia, so I got his birdie story from one of my relatives, who was with long hands reaching beyond the borders .. that The first experience with Ghazi simply made me walk for him, his encyclopedia, his novelty, his high critical sense dazzled me, getting his books became a dream, and the most beautiful of dreams of books is that they are easy to achieve, so I read to Ghazi a lot, read the flat of freedom, and went on my way to read his life in management, Seven and then his little novels, which were a big disappointment to me, because I decided Ghazi El-Matafisi first came to Asfouriya, the flat of freedom, seven and a life in administration, so I did not like the shrinking, busy Ghazi, who writes with half the attention .. Are we not as brutal as readers? We expect the best writer every time and forget that he is a human being, who has moments of elation, and has moments of fall and fallout, we forget that he wrote some of his books in his thirties or forties, while other books tremble with old age, and he has half of mind, half of desire, and half of dream .. so When I stood last week in a large library, more like an electronics store than a library Where does the paper smell? Where is the dust? Is there a library that respects itself without dust? This book fell into my hands ... It was one of the few books that I had not read to Ghazi, one of the books of the post-fascination of him, when others entered the taste, and the only chair became a crowded amphitheater ... At that moment, as I turned this book I prepared my old self, prepared Old Ghazi, it was an unforgettable moment of foolishness, a rare moment in which the emotional being inside me overcame the fierce critical being created by readings and made it ruthless gluttonous .. I got the book then, and I read it Thursday morning, in my bed, in the light of the sun sneaking from the window, Ghazi took me to Diana, it was a trip that reminded me of a third person who left his reading long ago, too, I remembered This person is because Ghazi and I don’t know why he started as if he borrowed something from his style, that person was Anis Mansour .. So then, on a quiet Thursday morning, Ghazi, Anis and Diana, is the book important after that? Is my review significant? Or did the memories manipulate me? After: I wrote the previous words before I realized that the reader who is looking for reviews is interested in reading a review about the book, not the memories of the review writer. Al-Gosaibi, along with Lady Diana, called him a legend, because Lady Diana, with her short life, fame, and scandals and then her sudden death, made a legend for herself, as it was before Marilyn Monroe, and Ghazi recovers all these moments, or all these legends, Kennedy legend, and before her the Monroe legend. And, after them, the legend of Diana, all of which we see legends related to Persons lived the life of a part of an open media, and part of them reveal or conceal their rumors that weave people around, but what really is a myth made sudden death tragic, because it takes away the human, and keeps us the story only.
An acceptable place. Family cleanliness is somewhat compared to other hotels due to the extreme distance from the campus. The place is very far from the sanctuary and there is a smell in the bathrooms
I never recommend families. Location only. . Registration procedures are very slow and long, and take more than half an hour from you. . I booked a room for two people with breakfast, and when I got to the hotel, he said, I reserve breakfast for one person and pay extra for the other person ... Very bad smells in the hallways and receptions ..
The book contains human nonsense. I don’t suspect that psychology is similar to human development. There is little information and absurd theories, I felt that it was blasphemous and simplifies the human brain and the way he thinks in a way that says that the brain is not complicated .. It is a great response, and I think I doubt psychology, but it is still at the beginning of the way regarding Psychology and I still have a chance to judge.
disappointing. Location. crew
disappointing. . Hassle and nightclubs
The most failed apartments that Dar Al-Fahad saw. Flawless, uncomfortable, and expensive apartments that stain your rights, disgusting toilets, and other hot air conditioners.
Very weak. Quickly bring food requests to the rooms. Some workers in the hotel, especially in the hotel restaurant, dealt with food stays in the corridors for the majority of the day, the method of workers in cleaning rooms and after the campus, poor bus service in delivery and the lack of services around the hotel at all, such as bunkers, laundries, restaurants, and the internal mixing of the room door is bad as it prevents the opening of the door From the outside when the second attempt was made, there were no parking spaces, and no response to the reception, etc.
The book is completely incomprehensible
Why, but this caravan? I feel that there is a tortilla and put a little dust on it. Frankly, the owner is much sweeter. Let the amount of death in the novel be all. The text of the heroes of the novel are dead. Who is after your money
An unsatisfactory experience. The location is good. The receptionist treatment, hotel parking, bathroom where the water meets, there are only two chairs for children in the buffet breakfast buffet is illuminated in the passages and elevators and the rooms are almost non-existent..the TV is not a sound and a picture of the inconvenience of the visitor by calling the reception and the administration there are young people in the lobby at the end of the night late providing services we asked for water Half an hour later, a shampoo came to us: the refrigerator had a wind
Five minutes walk towards the subway station moved from California Triple Hotel to a new hotel. The hotel is in a good place but was it really nice? Breakfast contained nothing but cheese and bread. There are discotheques and drunk men on one night there was a big fight between security officials and drunkards who didn&#39;t pay the bill. The situation was serious. Thank you, Shams, the security officer who took control of the situation. Room service was reasonable. Be aware that they are not giving you rooms on the first floor where the laundry is, and then when you are going to have to pass the blankets, otherwise .... I really don&#39;t think we should stay in a hotel like this.
Such works are read for lost time only, and if there is interest, they are not mentioned at all. All that has the achievements of its author and approval is not how life actually is in Europe.
He hadn&#39;t clubbed. The location is good and the positions are excellent. The smell of smoke is very disturbing. The air conditioning does not have control for each room separately, but the three control rooms, one lack of even a glass in the kitchen, a small salon screen, lack of attention to cleanliness at all, stayed two nights, during which the cleaners did not attend the prices for the restaurant requests. No service from me, bar, no bathrobes
Despite the importance of every topic discussed in this book, the series of articles is more accurate, but the writer&#39;s style and opinions were very shallow and naive when discussing these topics .. And how much I hope that Dr. Nabil Farouk will specialize in his writing, scientific, historical and Of course the intelligence world ... It has a more wonderful style when writing in those areas ... As for other than that, I do not think it adds to the history of something.
Buddy improvers killed the spirit of the book
I said I would try prose poetry ... or prose poems in a more accurate sense. But your fans harbor the truth. Poetry for me is its beauty in rhythm .. in rhyme .. in singing it while you are reading it. And prose poems do not have any need. But I don&#39;t think there is a poem in it that I liked
Today I wanted to eat Chinese food, and I sat thinking of you, a store in the end. We decided to visit the Chinese orchards in the mall. The word “Yaming” or something like that was written, but I didn’t know what to do. We said, “We’re a tiger. We’re trying the restaurant on the second floor of the market. The restaurant hall has special sessions and unfortunately normal sessions. I expected something, and in the end the restaurant shocked me, I wanted to come back, but I said, the first thing that comes close to the sessions, they give you a list of their rights, many of them distribute to each person the table list in which the color is blue and the curtain and chairs are on the burgundy, and I don&#39;t know what happened to us until a prophet tried to eat, we took the menu and we identified what A prophet as written in the list f Please put a checkmark in front of the chosen request and an error in front of the wrong request. But whoever comes to take the requests, he does not take the menu. He asked me and what our requests ???? Ok, and his inconvenience is tired, I am right, I don&#39;t know, and I will go back, and I returned to my bill. You will have a picture if you understand. What is written? I did not understand anything but the numbers, but the rest are written in their language: Say, I pay the account now with I am in the menu written. Please pay the account after completing the request for the families. Not after he puts our requests on the table: and after a while he answered the requests to us every grill comes and he puts a request from our requests frankly the inconvenience comes once and he comes down the requests and goes to answer the requests I expect according to what is concluded Mo on the basis of my main nor is my principal going to start writing the requests that we asked for meat The cow fried with pepper is real diuretic I how it looked and the taste was not known how .. I never liked .. sugared chicken meat with vinegar riyal This is what they have to be sweet, but as if they are surrounded by tomato .. a shrimp ball real they say my family is sweet once but I did not try it unfortunately its picture on the day they finished it hahahahaha with the taste of garlic riyal this I liked anything other than the feathers that we ate the layer on top, I liked it again .. Rice Yan Chao fried riyal, this is what I liked, I feel it, I don’t cook Zain .. Pasta with fried vegetables. Really frankly, sweet, but we want them to form them from the first level of them .. Sail with the sauce is the first thing I read His name is Medri, why is his idea of oysters? But on the day they answered him, what I liked was Madrii, so what, just as if he hated knowledge with God. You saw it eating ... two boxes of can with two riyals Pepsi a box of two riyals Pepsi and muayyah give you the box without cups ... To start with taking requests after which he answered the bill and said pay after he visited the dishes and soy and spoons and forks and then grab the soy and pepsi and then the pasta that was cold and before we do not grill it Shrimp toured and we ate before we did not finish with grilling. The rice went out and the same story after a period of fetching feathers and after a period of chicken and after a period of roasting the meat and after a period of roaming the seas .. My evaluation of the restaurant from a slow and slow service between a period and a period comes down to me requesting what they brought together with some reason to annoy and worry us of course and sure Inevitably, I would not return to him, and I do not think. ........... A picture of the menu is available. Pictures of eating exist, but excuse me. I only filmed late, because the situation was not pleasant to me:
Honestly, their prices are not for eating pizza, very, very normal, and bread with garlic is all butter, but that does not mean that I repeat my experience in it.
Bad hotel not up to standard rating. The restaurant as a service and a good breakfast .. Reception is unreactive. The hotel is very annoying. The hotel is not clean.
The book is boring despite my great love for the writings of Dr. Ahmed Khaled Tawfik However, most of the book&#39;s articles are unusually boring. I only like a few articles: self-deception, art, endangered species, and Tintin
disappointing. . The price is very high, cleanliness is downright, and not worth the price I paid for.
I repeated the same mistake by reading the same novel, but this time on the tongue of Aziz ... I do not understand the true purpose of this repetition if it was to imitate Mostaghanemi&#39;s dreams in what she wrote with her trilogy, and it was raised far from this level .. Unfortunately, nothing new
Unfortunately, I read more than half of the novel and it did not succeed in drawing me to complete it, despite the conditions that were prepared for that.